<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-046217.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-046217.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305070043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-046217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250304
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Bankruptcy or Receivership
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CUTERA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001162461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				770492262
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50644
		FILM NUMBER:		25708785

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3240 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BRISBANE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		94005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3240 BAYSHORE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BRISBANE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALTUS MEDICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d878024d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

CUTERA INCfalse000116246100011624612025-03-042025-03-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 4, 2025

CUTERA, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-50644 77-0492262

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

3240 Bayshore Blvd. 

Brisbane, California 94005

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(415)657-5500

Registrants telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock ($0.001 par value) CUTR The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The information set forth below under Item 1.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the RSA, DIP Credit Agreement, and Backstop Commitment Agreement (each as defined below) is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1.03 

Bankruptcy or Receivership. 

On March 5, 2025 (the Petition Date), Cutera, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Cutera) and Crystal Sub, LLC, a Texas limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Cutera (Crystal and together with Cutera, the Debtors and, the Debtors together with certain affiliates, the Company) filed voluntary petitions in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the Bankruptcy Court), commencing cases (collectively, the Chapter 11 Cases) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 1011532 (the Bankruptcy Code). The Debtors have requested to have the Chapter 11 Cases jointly administered under caption In re Cutera, Inc. et al. The Debtors continue to operate their business and manage their properties as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The Debtors have filed various first day motions with the Bankruptcy Court requesting customary relief that is intended to facilitate the Companys ability to continue its ordinary course operations. In addition, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court a motion seeking approval of the Companys entry into a debtor-in-possession financing facility on the terms and conditions set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below). Additionally, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court a motion seeking approval of an Equity Rights Offering and entry into a Backstop Commitment Agreement (each as defined below). 

Additional information about the Chapter 11 Cases, including access to Bankruptcy Court documents, is available online at https://veritaglobal.net/cutera, a website administered by the Debtors claims agent, Kurtzman Carlson Consultants, LLC d/b/a Verita Global. The documents and other information on this website are not part of this Current Report on Form 8-K and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. 

Restructuring Support Agreement 

On March 4, 2025, prior to the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (together with all exhibits and schedules attached thereto, the RSA) with certain holders of senior notes issued prior to the Petition Date (the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders). Collectively, the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders hold approximately 74% of the aggregate amount of the Debtors prepetition senior notes issued under the Debt Documents (as defined below) and claims related thereto (the Senior Notes Claims). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Restructuring Support Agreement section of this Current Report on Form 8-K have the meanings given to them in the RSA or elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Pursuant to the RSA, the Debtors and the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders have agreed to principal terms of a restructuring (the Restructuring) that include the following: 

a) 

an equitization of approximately $429.1 million of Senior Notes Claims, subject to dilution by, among other things, the Reorganized Common Equity issued pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering and the Management Incentive Plan; 

b) 

a $25 million DIP Facility (as defined below); 

c) 

an Exit Facility consisting of (a) conversion term loans in an aggregate amount equal to the principal amount of term loans outstanding under the DIP Facility on the Effective Date (including upfront payment and repayment premiums), plus (b) a $10 million new money term loan with delayed draw loan capacity available upon emergence from bankruptcy; 

d) 

a $30 million equity rights offering (the Equity Rights Offering) backstopped by the Consenting Senior Noteholders pursuant to the Backstop Commitment Agreement (as defined below) by which holders of Senior Notes Claims can purchase common equity (Reorganized Common Equity) in the reorganized Cutera; 

e) 

a procedure by which holders of Senior Notes Claims can exchange their Senior Notes Claims for cash (the Common Equity Convenience Buyout) in lieu of receiving the Reorganized Common Equity that they would have otherwise received, with amounts backstopped by the Consenting Senior Noteholders pursuant to the Backstop Commitment Agreement (as defined below); and 

f) 

the pursuit and consummation of the Plan that embodies the Restructuring (including the cancellation of all existing equity interests of Cutera pursuant to the Plan. 

The RSA contains various milestones, including the following (each individually, a RSA Milestone and collectively, the RSA Milestones), which include the dates by which the Debtors are required to, among other things, commence the Chapter 11 Cases, obtain certain orders of the Bankruptcy Court and consummate the Restructuring. Among other dates, the RSA and the RSA Milestones contemplate that: 

1. 

On the Petition Date, the Debtors shall have filed the Plan, Disclosure Statement, First Day Pleadings, and Solicitation Materials; 

2. 

By no later than five (5) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Interim DIP Order in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties; 

3. 

By no later than five (5) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered an order (i) conditionally approving the Disclosure Statement and (ii) authorizing the distribution of the Solicitation Materials; 

4. 

By no later than thirty-five (35) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered (i) the Final DIP Order and (ii) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties; 

5. 

By no later than fifty (50) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties; and 

6. 

By no later than sixty-five (65) days after the Petition Date, the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred. 

The RSA also provides that the RSA may be terminated by the Consenting Senior Noteholders who own or control at least 50.1% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes Claims (the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders) upon the occurrence of certain events set forth therein. In particular, the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders may terminate the RSA for, among other things, failure of the Debtors to meet an RSA Milestone or any occurrence of an Event of Default under the DIP Facility that has not been waived or timely cured or termination of the Backstop Commitment Agreement. The Debtors may terminate the RSA upon the occurrence of certain events set forth therein, including in the event the board of directors, board of managers or such similar governing body of either Cutera or Crystal determines, after consulting with counsel, (i) that proceeding with the Restructuring would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties or applicable law or (ii) in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, to pursue an Alternative Restructuring Proposal. 

Although the Debtors intend to pursue the Restructuring, there can be no assurance that the Debtors will be successful in completing the Restructuring or any other similar transaction on the terms set forth in the RSA or at all. The RSA includes customary representations and warranties and various customary covenants of the Debtors and the Consenting Senior Noteholders. Those covenants include, among other things, that the Consenting Senior Noteholders will support the Restructuring, including by voting in favor of any matter required to implement the Restructuring (including voting in favor of the Plan) and not opting-out of certain Releases provided in the Plan, use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with and assist the Debtors in obtaining support for the Restructuring, negotiate in good faith and execute and implement the Definitive Documents related to the Restructuring, and in their respective capacities as DIP Lender or Consenting Exit Facility Lender, satisfy their applicable obligations under the DIP Facility and/or Exit Facility. Likewise, the Debtors have covenanted, among other things, to take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to consummate the Restructuring. 

In addition, the transactions contemplated by the RSA are subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court, among other conditions. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the transactions described therein will be consummated on the expected terms, if at all. 

The foregoing description of the RSA is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the RSA, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the RSA have been made solely for the purpose of such agreement and as of specific dates, for the benefit of the parties thereto. In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants (i) may have been qualified by confidential disclosures exchanged between the parties, (ii) are subject to materiality qualifications contained in the agreements which may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors, and (iii) have been included in the agreements for the purpose of allocating risk between the contracting parties rather than establishing matters of fact. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances, and the subject matter of representations and warranties may change after the date as of which such representations or warranties were made. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the agreements, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Cuteras public disclosures. 

Commencement of Solicitation 

On March 4, 2025, in accordance with the RSA, the Debtors commenced solicitation of the votes necessary to approve the Debtors prepackaged chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the Plan) and effectuate the transactions contemplated thereby, including by distributing the Plan, a disclosure statement relating to the Plan (the Disclosure Statement), and other solicitation materials to certain eligible holders of claims against the Debtors that were entitled to vote on the Plan pre-petition. The Debtors will seek approval from the Bankruptcy Court to continue soliciting votes on the Plan from all holders of Senior Notes Claims post-petition. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is not an offer or a solicitation with respect to any securities or a solicitation of acceptances of a chapter 11 plan within the meaning of Section 1125 or Section 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code. Any such offer or solicitation will comply with all applicable securities laws and/or provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. A copy of the Disclosure Statement (including the Plan and other exhibits attached thereto), is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

DIP Credit Agreement 

Subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, Cutera (the DIP Borrower) and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Loan Parties) expect to enter into that certain Superpriority Senior Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement (the DIP Credit Agreement) with the lenders from time to time party thereto (the DIP Lenders) and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as administrative agent and collateral agent (the DIP Agent), on the terms and conditions set forth therein. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this DIP Credit Agreement section of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall have the meanings given to them in the DIP Credit Agreement or elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K. Pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreement, the DIP Lenders have agreed, upon the terms and conditions set forth therein and subject to approval from the Bankruptcy Court, to make available to the DIP Borrower a $25 million superpriority senior secured debtor-in-possession term loan facility (the DIP Facility), which shall consist of: 

a) 

$15 million in term loan commitments in respect of Initial Draw T-1 Loans to be made in a single draw on the Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date; and 

b) 

$10 million in delayed draw term loan commitments in respect of Delayed Draw T-2 Loans to be made on or after the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date. 

The proceeds of the Initial Draw T-1 Loans and the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans will be used, subject to Bankruptcy Court approval, in accordance with the Approved Budget and the Interim Order and the Final Order to (i) pay fees, costs and expenses related to the Chapter 11 Cases, and (ii) for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower. 

Borrowings under the DIP Facility will bear interest at the rate of, at the election of the Company Parties, (i) Term SOFR plus 9.50% or (ii) ABR + 8.50%. The DIP Borrower will also make (x) an upfront payment in an amount equal to 5.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Draw T-1 Commitment on the Closing Date, (y) an upfront payment in an amount equal to 5.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw T-2 Commitment on the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date, and (z) a Repayment Premium payable in cash in an amount equal to 3.50% multiplied by the aggregate principal amount of the Loans prepaid or repaid or following acceleration of the Loans; provided that the Repayment Premium may be paid-in-kind upon the conversion of the Loans into the Exit Facility. 

The DIP Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties. 

The DIP Credit Agreement includes customary negative covenants for debtor-in-possession loan agreements of this type, including covenants limiting the Loan Parties and their subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create liens on assets, make investments, advances or guarantees, engage in mergers, consolidations, sales of assets and acquisitions, use the proceeds of the DIP Facility for any purpose not permitted by the DIP Credit Agreement, and pay dividends and distributions, in each case subject to customary exceptions for debtor-in-possession loan agreements of this type. The DIP Credit Agreement also includes representations and warranties, mandatory prepayments, affirmative covenants, and events of default customary for financings of this type. Certain bankruptcy-related events are also events of default, including, but not limited to, the dismissal by the Bankruptcy Court of any of the Chapter 11 Cases, the conversion of any of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, the appointment of a trustee pursuant to chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, and certain other events related to the impairment of the DIP Lenders rights or liens granted under the DIP Credit Agreement, including the failure of any Loan party to violate any term in the Interim DIP Order or Final DIP Order. 

The DIP Credit Agreement has a scheduled maturity date occurring four months after the Closing Date (the Scheduled Maturity Date). The DIP Credit Agreement will also terminate and all obligations thereunder will become due on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Scheduling Maturity Date, (ii) the effective date of any plan of reorganization under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code for the Borrower or any other Debtor, (iii) consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all assets of the Debtors, taken as a whole, under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, (iv) the date of acceleration or termination of the DIP Facility in accordance with the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement, and (v) 35 days from the Petition Date (or such later date as agreed to by the Required Lenders), unless the Final DIP Order has been entered by the Bankruptcy Court on or prior to such date. 

Each draw contemplated by the DIP Credit Agreement is subject to and conditioned upon the satisfaction of customary conditions precedent for debtor-in-possession loan arrangements of this type. 

The foregoing description of the DIP Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the DIP Credit Agreement, a substantially final form of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Backstop Commitment Agreement 

On March 4, 2025 the Company entered into that certain Backstop Commitment Agreement (the Backstop Commitment Agreement) with members of the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders (the Backstop Parties). Pursuant to the terms of the Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Backstop Parties have agreed to (a) fully backstop the Equity Rights Offering and (b) provide up to $7,040,000 (the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap) for holders of Senior Notes Claims who elect to participate in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout and receive cash in lieu of Reorganized Common Equity, in accordance with the terms of the Plan (the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option). Each Backstop Partys obligation to backstop the Equity Rights Offering and fund the Common Equity Convenience Buyout is a several obligation (as opposed to a joint and several obligation). 

In exchange for the Backstop Parties commitments to backstop the Equity Rights Offering, the Backstop Parties will collectively receive an amount equal to 10% of the total amount of the Equity Rights Offering (the Backstop Premium). The Backstop Premium will be payable either (i) on the date the Plan becomes effective (the Effective Date), in Reorganized Common Equity, or (ii) if the Backstop Commitment Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Date, subject to the terms of the Backstop Commitment Agreement, in cash. 

In exchange for the Backstop Parties commitments to fund the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, up to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap, the Backstop Parties will collectively receive an amount equal to 10% of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap (the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium). The Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium will be payable either (i) on the Effective Date, in Reorganized Common Equity, or (ii) if the Backstop Commitment Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Date, subject to the terms of the Backstop Commitment Agreement, in cash. 

The Backstop Commitment Agreement includes customary representations and warranties, various customary covenants of the Company and the Backstop Parties and customary indemnification obligations. The transactions contemplated under the Backstop Commitment Agreement are subject to and conditioned upon, among other things, approval of the Backstop Commitment Agreement by the Bankruptcy Court. 

The foregoing description of the Backstop Commitment Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Backstop Commitment Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.3 and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth above under Item 1.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the DIP Credit Agreement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.04 

Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement. 

The filing of the Chapter 11 Cases constitutes an event of default that accelerated obligations under the following material debt instruments and agreements (the Debt Documents): 

that certain Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2021, among Cutera as the issuer and Crystal as a guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof, governing Cuteras 2.25% Senior Notes due 2026; 

that certain Indenture, dated as of May 27, 2022, among Cutera as the issuer and Crystal as a guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, amended and restated supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof, governing Cuteras 2.25% Senior Notes due 2028; and 

that certain Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2022, among Cutera as the issuer and Crystal as a guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof, governing Cuteras 4.00% Senior Notes due 2029. 

The Debt Documents provide that, as a result of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the principal and interest due thereunder shall be immediately due and payable. Any efforts to enforce payment obligations under the Debt documents are automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases and the noteholders rights in respect of the Debt Documents are subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

Press Release 

On March 5, 2025, Cutera issued a press release announcing the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases and the Debtors entry into the RSA with the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.2. 

Cleansing Material 

In connection with the foregoing transactions, Cutera engaged in confidential discussions and negotiations under Confidentiality Agreements (the NDAs) with the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders (and advisors to the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders). As part of such discussions and negotiations, Cutera provided such parties with the information in the presentation, furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.3 (the Presentation). 

Pursuant to the NDAs, Cutera agreed, among other things, to publicly disclose certain information, including the information in the Presentation (the Cleansing Material), upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the NDAs. The Cleansing Material was prepared solely to facilitate a discussion with the parties to the NDAs and were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure and should not be relied upon to make an investment decision with respect to Cutera. The Cleansing Material should not be regarded as an indication that Cutera or any third party considers the Cleansing Material to be a reliable prediction of future events, and the Cleansing Material should not be relied upon as such. Neither Cutera nor any third party has made or makes any representation to any person regarding the accuracy of any Cleansing Material or undertakes any obligation to publicly update the Cleansing Material to reflect circumstances existing after the date when the Cleansing Material was prepared or conveyed or to reflect the occurrence of future events, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the Cleansing Material are shown to be in error. In the event any transaction occurs in the future, the terms of any such transaction may be materially different than the terms set forth in the Cleansing Material. However, no assurance can be given that any such transaction will occur at all. Any financial projections or forecasts included in Cleansing Material were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or compliance with the published guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding projections or forecasts. The projections do not purport to present Cuteras financial condition in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Cuteras independent accountants have not examined, compiled, or otherwise applied procedures to the projections and, accordingly, do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to the projections. The inclusion of the projections herein should not be regarded as an indication that Cutera or its representatives consider the projections to be a reliable prediction of future events, and the projections should not be relied upon as such. Neither Cutera nor any of its representatives has made or makes any representation to any person regarding the ultimate outcome of Cuteras proposed Restructuring compared to the projections, and none of them undertakes any obligation to publicly update the projections to reflect circumstances existing after the date when the projections were made or to reflect the occurrence of future events, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the projections are shown to be in error. 

The information contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.2 and 99.3, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of Cuteras filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except to the extent expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Trading in Cuteras Securities 

Cutera cautions that trading in its securities during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for Cuteras securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders of Cuteras securities in the Chapter 11 Cases. In particular, Cutera expects that its security holders will experience a significant or complete loss on their investment and that the Cuteras common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1* RSA dated as of March 4, 2025 

10.2* Form of DIP Credit Agreement 

10.3* Backstop Commitment Agreement 

99.1 Disclosure Statement dated as of March 5, 2025 

99.2 Press Release of Cutera, Inc. dated as of March 5, 2025 

99.3 Presentation of Cutera, Inc. dated as of March 4, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and will be provided on a supplemental basis to the SEC upon request. In addition, certain portions of the exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. Cutera hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit upon request by the SEC. 

Safer Harbor Statements 

Certain statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K, other than purely historical information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These statements include but are not limited to express or implied statements regarding various matters including, but not limited to, statements regarding the Debtors continued operation of the business as debtors-in-possession; Cuteras expectation to be granted first day relief and its impact on the ability to pay for continuing obligations, including, but not limited to, employee wages, materials, goods, services, taxes and insurance; Cuteras expectation that the transactions contemplated by the RSA are consummated by the Bankruptcy Court on the terms outlined therein; Cuteras expectation regarding the DIP Credit Agreement and the Bankruptcy Courts approval thereof; Cuteras expectation regarding entry into the Backstop Commitment Agreement and the Bankruptcy Courts approval thereof and of the procedures for the Equity Rights Offering; statements regarding the amount of professional fees and other costs incurred in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as, but not limited to, may, could, seek, guidance, predict, potential, likely, believe, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, intend, forecast, foresee or variations of these terms and similar expressions or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict and may cause Cuteras actual results to differ materially from the express or implied forward-looking statements herein. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and stockholders should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. There are several risks, uncertainties, and other important factors, many of which are beyond Cuteras control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including risks involved with Cuteras ability to fund its planned operations for the next 12 months and its ability to continue as a going concern; the adverse impact of the Chapter 11 Cases on Cuteras business, financial condition, and results of operations; Cuteras ability to successfully consummate the Restructuring and emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases, including by entrance into the RSA and ultimately satisfying the conditions and RSA Milestones set forth therein; Cuteras ability to improve its liquidity and long-term capital structure and to address its debt service obligations through the Restructuring; Cuteras ability to make the required payments under the agreements governing its current debt obligations; Cuteras ability to maintain relationships with suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties as a result of the Restructuring and the Chapter 11 Cases; the effects of the Restructuring and the Chapter 11 Cases on Cutera and the interests of various constituents; risks and uncertainties associated with the Restructuring, including Cuteras ability to receive approvals for debtor-in-possession financing and the Equity Rights Offering, finalization and receipt of the debtor-in-possession financing, the conditions to which the financing is subject and the risk that these conditions may not be satisfied for various reasons, including for reasons outside of Cuteras control; obtain confirmation of the Plan and successfully consummate the Restructuring; Cuteras ability to receive any required approvals of the Plan and the responses of its securityholders and other stakeholders, including those party to the Restructuring and the RSA; subject to the successful outcome of the Restructuring, the nature, cost, impact and outcome of pending and future litigation, other legal or regulatory proceedings, or governmental investigations and actions; as well as the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other documents filed from time to time with the SEC by Cutera. 

All statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K are made only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. Cutera undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events, or circumstances after the date they were made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. If Cutera updates one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that it will make additional updates concerning those or other forward-looking statements. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CUTERA, INC.

By: 

/s/ Stuart Drummond

Stuart Drummond

Interim Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 5, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d878024dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

THIS
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OR A SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OF A CHAPTER 11 PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1125 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL
COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE
TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN, DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO. 

RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (including all exhibits, annexes, and schedules hereto in accordance with
Section 13.02, this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 4, 2025 (the Execution Date), by and among the following parties (each of the following
described in sub-clauses ((i)) through (iv) of this preamble, collectively, the Parties): 

(i) 

Cutera, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Crystal Sub, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (each, a
Company Party and together, the Company Parties), that have executed and delivered a counterpart signature page to this Agreement to the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders;

(ii) 

the undersigned beneficial holders of, or investment advisors,
sub-advisors, or managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, 2026 Senior Notes (as defined below) that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement to
counsel to the Company Parties (in each case solely in their capacity as such, the Consenting 2026 Senior Noteholders); 

(iii) 

the undersigned beneficial holders of, or investment advisors,
sub-advisors, or managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, 2028 Senior Notes (as defined below) that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement to
counsel to the Company Parties (in each case solely in their capacity as such, the Consenting 2028 Senior Noteholders); and 

(iv) 

the undersigned beneficial holders of, or investment advisors,
sub-advisors, or managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, 2029 Senior Notes (as defined below) that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement to
counsel to the Company Parties (in each case solely in their capacity as such, the Consenting 2029 Senior Noteholders). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Company Parties and the Consenting Senior Noteholders have in good faith and at arms length negotiated or been
apprised of certain restructuring and recapitalization transactions with respect to the Company Parties capital structure on the terms set forth in this Agreement and as specified in the chapter 11 plan of reorganization attached as
Exhibit A hereto (the Plan and, such transactions as described in this Agreement, the Restructuring Transactions), the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement attached
hereto as Exhibit B, the Interim DIP Order (as defined below) attached hereto as Exhibit C, the New Corporate Governance Term Sheet (as
defined below) attached hereto as Exhibit D, and the Exit Facility Term Sheet (as defined below), attached hereto as Exhibit E; 

WHEREAS, the Company Parties intend to implement the Restructuring Transactions,
including through the commencement by each Company Party of a voluntary case under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court (each case commenced, the Chapter 11 Case and, collectively, the
Chapter 11 Cases); 

WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to take certain actions in support of the
Restructuring Transactionson the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the covenants, representations, warranties, and agreements contained herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Party, intending to be legally bound hereby,
agrees as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

Section 1.Definitions and Interpretation. 

1.01. Definitions.1 The following terms shall have the following definitions: 

2026 Senior Notes means those certain unsecured convertible senior notes issued pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes
Indenture. 

2026 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
February 24, 2025, to that certain Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2021, between Cutera, Inc., as issuer, Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee for 2.25% Senior Notes due 2026. 

2028 Senior Notes means those certain unsecured convertible senior notes issued pursuant to the 2028 Senior Notes
Indenture. 

2028 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
February 24, 2025, to that certain Indenture, dated as of May 27, 2022, between Cutera, Inc., as issuer, Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee for 2.25% Senior Notes due 2028.

2029 Senior Notes means those certain unsecured convertible senior notes issued pursuant to the 2029 Senior
Notes Indenture. 

2029 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as
of February 24, 2025, to that certain Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2022, between Cutera, Inc., as issuer, Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee for 4.00% Senior Notes due
2029. 

1 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

2 

Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders means the group
of Consenting Senior Noteholders represented by the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders Advisors. 

Ad Hoc
Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders Advisors means, collectively, (i) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, as counsel; (ii) Porter Hedges LLP as co-counsel; and
(iii) Centerview, as financial advisor and investment banker. 

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in
section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code as if such entity was a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, includes all
the exhibits, annexes, and schedules hereto in accordance with Section 13.02 (including the Plan, Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, New Corporate Governance Term Sheet, Exit Facility Term Sheet, the DIP
Credit Agreement, and the Interim DIP Order). 

Agreement Effective Date means the date on which the conditions
set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied or waived by the appropriate Party or Parties in accordance with this Agreement. 

Agreement Effective Period means, with respect to a Party, the period from the Agreement Effective Date to the
Termination Date applicable to that Party. 

Alternative Restructuring Proposal means any inquiry, proposal,
offer, bid, term sheet, discussion, or agreement with respect to a sale, disposition, new-money investment, restructuring, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, acquisition, consolidation, dissolution, debt
investment, equity investment, liquidation, tender offer, recapitalization, chapter 11 plan, share exchange, business combination, or similar transaction involving the Company Parties or the debt, equity, or other interests in the Company Parties
that is an alternative to one or more of the Restructuring Transactions. 

Announcement has the meaning set forth
in Section 6.01 of this Agreement. 

Bankruptcy Code means title 11 of the United
States Code, 11 U.S.C. 1011532, as amended. 

Bankruptcy Court means the United
States Bankruptcy Court in which the Chapter 11 Cases are commenced or another United States Bankruptcy Court with jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to
close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state of New York. 

3 

Causes of Action means any claims, interests, damages, remedies,
causes of action, demands, rights, actions, controversies, proceedings, agreements, suits, obligations, liabilities, accounts, defenses, offsets, powers, privileges, licenses, liens, indemnities, guaranties, and franchises of any kind or character
whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, existing or hereinafter arising, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, assertable, directly or
derivatively, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, whether arising before, on, or after the Petition Date, in contract, tort, law, equity, or otherwise. Causes of Action also include: (a) all rights of setoff, counterclaim, or recoupment
and claims under contracts or for breaches of duties imposed by law or in equity; (b) the right to object to or otherwise contest Claims or Interests; (c) claims pursuant to section 362 or chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code; (d) such
claims and defenses as fraud, mistake, duress, and usury, and any other defenses set forth in section 558 of the Bankruptcy Code; and (e) any avoidance actions arising under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or under similar local, state,
federal, or foreign statutes and common law, including fraudulent transfer laws. 

Centerview means Centerview
Partners LLC, as investment banker to the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Chapter 11 Case
has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Claim has the meaning ascribed to it in
section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Common Equity Convenience Buyout means the option of Holders of
Allowed Senior Notes Claims who are not Consenting Senior Noteholders to elect to receive the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option in lieu of receiving Reorganized Common Equity on account of such Senior Notes Claims, pursuant to which certain of the
Consenting Senior Noteholders shall purchase Reorganized Common Equity on the terms set forth in Section 4.14 of the Plan and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents. 

Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents means the definitive documents and agreements required to effectuate the
Common Equity Convenience Buyout, including the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, to be reasonably agreed among the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures means those certain procedures with respect to the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties. 

Company Claims/Interests means any Claim against, or Equity Interest in, the Company Parties, including a Senior
Notes Claim. 

Confidentiality Agreement means an executed confidentiality agreement, including with respect to
the issuance of a cleansing letter or other public disclosure of material non-public information agreement, in connection with any proposed Restructuring Transactions. 

Confirmation Order means the confirmation order with respect to the Plan. 

4 

Consenting 2026 Senior Noteholders has the meaning set forth in
the preamble of this Agreement. 

Consenting 2028 Senior Noteholders has the meaning set forth in the preamble of
this Agreement. 

Consenting 2029 Senior Noteholders has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Consenting Exit Facility Lenders means the Consenting Senior Noteholders, in their capacities as DIP Lenders
that hold Exit Facility New Money Commitments. 

Consenting Senior Noteholders means, collectively, the
Consenting 2026 Senior Noteholders, the Consenting 2028 Senior Noteholders, and the Consenting 2029 Senior Noteholders, including (i) (A) in their capacity as providers of DIP Commitments and (B) following the funding of such DIP
Commitments, as DIP Lenders, and (ii) in their capacity as providers of Exit Facility New Money Commitments. 

Debtor means any Company Party that commences a Chapter 11 Case. 

Definitive Documents means the documents listed in Section 3.01. 

DIP Agent means Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as administrative and collateral agent for the DIP Lenders
under the DIP Facility Documents, or any successor agents thereunder. 

DIP Claim means any Claim on account of
the DIP Facility. 

DIP Commitments means the commitments of the Consenting Senior Noteholders to fund the DIP
Facility on the terms and conditions set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement, as set forth on Schedule 2.1(T-1) and Schedule 2.1(T-2) of the DIP Credit Agreement. 

DIP Credit Agreement means that certain Superpriority Senior Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement, substantially in the form attached to the Interim DIP Order as Annex I, evidencing the DIP Facility by and among Cutera, Inc., as borrower,
Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, the DIP Agent, and the DIP Lenders, as may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

DIP Facility means the $25 million, new-money, super-priority secured
term loan debtor in possession financing facility. 

DIP Facility Documents means the DIP Credit Agreement, all
agreements, notes, instruments, and any other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, and the DIP Orders, together with all documentation executed or delivered in connection therewith as may be amended, modified, or
supplemented from time to time, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

5 

DIP Lenders means the lenders from time to time under the DIP
Credit Agreement, including their designees, successors, and permitted assigns. 

DIP Orders means the Interim
DIP Order and the Final DIP Order. 

Disclosable Economic Interest means any Claim, Equity Interest, interest,
pledge, lien, option, participation, derivative instrument, or any other right or derivative right granting the holder an economic interest that is affected by the value, acquisition, or disposition of a Claim or interest. 

Disclosure Statement means the related disclosure statement with respect to the Plan. 

Entity shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Equity Interests means, collectively, the shares (or any class thereof), common stock, preferred stock, limited
liability company interests, and any other equity, ownership, or profits interests of Cutera, Inc., and options, warrants, rights, or other securities or agreements to acquire or subscribe for, or which are convertible into the shares (or any class
thereof) of, common stock, preferred stock, limited liability company interests, or other equity, ownership, or profits interests of the Cutera, Inc. (in each case whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment agreement). 

Equity Rights Offering means the equity rights offering to be consummated by Reorganized Company on the Plan
Effective Date in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Documents, pursuant to which it shall issue shares of Reorganized Common Equity. 

Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement means the backstop commitment agreement attached hereto as
Exhibit B, as may be further amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, in accordance with its terms. 

Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order means an order or orders of the Bankruptcy Court approving, among
other things, (i) Cutera, Inc.s entry into and performance under the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, (ii) the Equity Rights Offering and the Equity Rights Offering Procedures, and (iii) the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures, and (iv) as Administrative Claims, the Put Option Premium. 

Equity Rights Offering Documents means, collectively, the Equity Rights Offering Procedures, the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Plan, and other material documents necessary to implement the Equity Rights Offering. 

Equity Rights Offering Procedures means those certain rights offering procedures with respect to the Equity Rights
Offering, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties. 

Execution Date has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

6 

Exit Facility Documents means the agreements memorializing the
Exit Facility, including any amendments, modifications, supplements thereto, and together with any related notes, certificates, agreements, intercreditor agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, documents, and instruments
(including any amendments, restatements, supplements, or modifications of any of the foregoing) related to or executed in connection with the Exit Facility. 

Exit Facility means the exit term loan credit facility initially consisting of (a) an aggregate outstanding
principal amount equal to the principal amount the term loans outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents on the Plan Effective Date (including (i) the amount of any upfront payment payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents and
(ii) the amount of any repayment premium payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents upon the repayment of the DIP Facility on such date, but excluding (x) accrued and unpaid interest as of such date, (y) Restructuring Expenses and
fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel, and (z) indemnification obligations solely to the extent due and payable as of the Effective Date, which amounts in the
foregoing clauses (x) through (z), for the avoidance of doubt, shall be paid in full in Cash on the Plan Effective Date), which term loans issued under the Exit Facility shall be funded on a cashless basis by rolling over such amounts
outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents and (b) the Exit Facility New Money Term Loans to be provided by the Consenting Exit Facility Lenders on the Plan Effective Date on the terms and conditions set forth in the Exit Facility Documents.

Exit Facility New Money Commitments means the commitments of the Consenting Senior Noteholders, in their
capacities as DIP Lenders, to fund Exit Facility New Money Term Loans on the terms and conditions set forth in the Exit Facility Term Sheet, as set forth on Schedule 1 to the Exit Facility Term Sheet. 

Exit Facility New Money Term Loans has the meaning given to the term New Money Term Loans in the Exit
Facility Term Sheet. 

Final DIP Order means the final order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the
DIP Facility. 

Exit Facility Term Sheet means that certain term sheet attached to this Agreement as
Exhibit E, setting forth the terms and conditions on which the Consenting Exit Facility Lenders shall agree to provide the term loans under the Exit Facility subject to the occurrence of the Closing Date (as defined in the Exit
Facility Term Sheet) and the Plan Effective Date. 

First Day Pleadings means the
first-day pleadings that the Company Parties file upon commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases. 

Interim DIP Order means an order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the DIP Facility on an interim basis, the form of
which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C. 

Law means any federal, state, local, or foreign
law (including common law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, ruling, or judgment, in each case, that is validly adopted, promulgated, issued, or entered by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction (including the
Bankruptcy Court). 

7 

Milestones means the milestones set forth in
Section 11.03, as such may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

MIP Term
Sheet means the management equity incentive plan term sheet. 

New Corporate Governance Term Sheet
means that certain term sheet attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D, setting forth the terms of certain agreements related to the corporate governance of the Reorganized Company. 

New Organizational Documents means the organizational and governance documents for the Reorganized Company,
including, without limitation, certificates of incorporation (including any certificate of designations), certificates of formation or certificates of limited partnership (or equivalent organizational documents), certificates of designation, bylaws,
limited liability company agreements, shareholders agreements, and limited partnership agreements (or equivalent governing documents), as applicable, in each case, materially consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement
(including the New Corporate Governance Term Sheet) and reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder has the meaning set forth in Section 11.02. 

Parties has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Permitted Transferee means each transferee of any Company Claims/Interests who meets the requirements of
Section 8.01(a). 

Petition Date means the date the Company Parties commence the
Chapter 11 Cases. 

Plan has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Plan Effective Date means the occurrence of the Effective Date (as defined in the Plan) of the Plan according to its
terms. 

Plan Supplement means the compilation of documents and forms of documents, schedules, and exhibits to
the Plan, including the MIP Term Sheet, that will be filed by the Debtors with the Bankruptcy Court. 

Qualified
Marketmaker means an entity that (a) holds itself out to the public or the applicable private markets as standing ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from customers and sell to customers Company Claims/Interests
(or enter with customers into long and short positions in Company Claims/Interests), in its capacity as a dealer or market maker in Company Claims/Interests and (b) is, in fact, regularly in the business of making a market in claims against
issuers or borrowers (including debt securities or other debt). 

Qualified Marketmaker Joinder Date has the
meaning set forth in Section 8.05 of this Agreement. 

Releases means the
releases given by the Releasing Parties to the Released Parties under Article IX of the Plan. 

8 

Reorganized Common Equitymeans the units of common
stock or other common equity Interests of the Reorganized Company authorized under the New Organizational Documents and issued pursuant to the Plan on the Plan Effective Date. 

Reorganized Company means Cutera, Inc., or any successors thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, as
reorganized on or after the Plan Effective Date. 

Required Consenting Exit Facility Lenders means as of any date
of determination, Consenting Exit Facility Lenders who own or control as of such date at least 50.1% of the aggregate principal amount of all Exit Facility New Money Commitments. 

Required Consenting Senior Noteholders means as of any date of determination, Consenting Senior Noteholders who own
or control as of such date at least 50.1% of aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Senior Notes owned or controlled by all Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Restructuring Expenses means the reasonable and documented prepetition and postpetition fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred or accrued by the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders Advisors (in each case payable in accordance with the applicable fee
reimbursement letters entered into by any Debtor and such professionals and to the extent not otherwise paid pursuant to the DIP Orders or DIP Facility Documents); in each case, without further order of, or application to, the Bankruptcy Court
by such consultant or professionals, including the requirement for the filing of retention applications, fee applications, or any other applications in the Chapter 11 Cases. 

Restructuring Transactions has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Rules means Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), and (7) of the Securities Act. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Senior Notes means, collectively, (i) the 2026 Senior Notes, (ii) the 2028 Senior Notes, and
(iii) the 2029 Senior Notes. 

Senior Notes Claim means any Claim on account of the Senior Notes. 

Solicitation Materials means (i) the Ballot and applicable voting instructions, (ii) the Disclosure
Statement and all exhibits thereto, including the Plan, and (iii) any other documents necessary to effect or approve the solicitation of votes with respect to the Restructuring Transactions to be consummated pursuant to the Plan, each of which
shall be in form and substance as set forth in, and consistent with, this Agreement. 

Solicitation Procedures
Order means the order of the Bankruptcy Court approving, among other things, the Solicitation Materials and scheduling the Combined Hearing. 

Termination Date means the date on which termination of this Agreement as to a Party is effective in accordance with
Sections 11.01, 11.02, 11.03, 11.04, or 11.05. 

9 

Transfer means to sell, resell, reallocate, use, pledge, assign,
transfer, hypothecate, participate, donate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of, directly or indirectly (including through derivatives, options, swaps, pledges, forward sales, or other transactions). 

Transfer Agreement means an executed form of the transfer agreement providing, among other things, that a transferee
is bound by the terms of this Agreement and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F. 

Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, and its successors and assigns, in its capacity as
Trustee under the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, 2028 Senior Notes Indenture and 2029 Senior Notes Indenture, as applicable. 

1.02.
Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the
plural, shall include both the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine, and the neuter gender; 

(b) capitalized terms defined only in the plural or singular form shall nonetheless have their defined meanings when used in the opposite
form; 

(c) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to an existing document, schedule, or exhibit shall mean such document,
schedule, or exhibit, as it may have been or may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time; provided that any capitalized terms herein which are defined with reference to another agreement, are defined with
reference to such other agreement as of the date of this Agreement, without giving effect to any termination of such other agreement or amendments to such capitalized terms in any such other agreement following the date hereof; 

(d) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to Sections are references to Sections of this Agreement; 

(e) the words herein, hereof, and hereto refer to this Agreement in its entirety rather than to any
particular portion of this Agreement; 

(f) captions and headings to Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not
intended to be a part of or to affect the interpretation of this Agreement; 

(g) references to shareholders,
directors, or officers shall also include members or managers, as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable limited liability company Laws; 

(h) the use of include or including is without limitation, whether stated or not; 

(i) the phrase counsel to the Consenting Senior Noteholders refers in this Agreement to each counsel specified in
Section 13.11 other than counsel to the Company Parties; 

10 

(j) unless otherwise specified herein, the provisions of Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a) shall apply
in computing any period of time prescribed or allowed herein; and 

(k) the word or shall not be exclusive. 

Section 2.Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective and binding upon each of the Parties
at 12:01 a.m., prevailing Eastern Time, on the Agreement Effective Date, which is the date on which all of the following conditions have been satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement: 

(a) the Company Parties shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to counsel to the Consenting Senior
Noteholders; 

(b) holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
the Senior Notes shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to counsel to the Company Parties; 

(c)
counsel to the Company Parties shall have given notice to counsel to the Consenting Senior Noteholders in the manner set forth in Section 13.11 hereof (by email) that the other conditions to the Agreement Effective Date set
forth in this Section 2 have occurred; and 

(d) the Company Parties shall have paid, or caused to be paid, all
Restructuring Expenses for which invoices with detail in accordance with the applicable fee reimbursement letters have been delivered to the Company Parties no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Agreement Effective Date. 

Section 3.Definitive Documents. 

3.01. The Definitive Documents governing the Restructuring Transactions shall include the following: (a) the New Organizational
Documents; (b) DIP Facility Documents; (c) Equity Rights Offering Documents; (d) Exit Facility Documents; (e) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents; (f) the Plan; (g) the Disclosure Statement; (h) the
Confirmation Order; (i) the Plan Supplement; (j) First Day Pleadings and all orders sought pursuant thereto; (k) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement and Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order;
(l) the Solicitation Materials, the Solicitation Procedures Order, and any motion seeking approval thereof; (m) such other agreements and documentation reasonably desired or necessary to consummate and document the Restructuring
Transactions, and (n) any other document that has or may have a material or adverse impact on the legal or economic rights of the Consenting Senior Noteholders; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, Definitive Documents shall not
include any retention applications, procedures with respect to ordinary course professionals or professional compensation or applications for professional compensation; provided, further, that, each of the Consenting Senior
Noteholders rights to object to any retention applications, procedures with respect to ordinary course professionals or professional compensation or applications for professional compensation are fully preserved. 

11 

3.02. The Definitive Documents not executed or in a form attached to this Agreement as of
the Execution Date (a) remain subject to negotiation and completion and (b) shall be consistent in all material respects with and shall contain, the material terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Upon completion, the Definitive
Documents and every other document, deed, agreement, filing, notification, letter or instrument related to the Restructuring Transactions shall contain terms, conditions, representations, warranties, and covenants consistent with the terms of this
Agreement, as they may be modified, amended, or supplemented in accordance with Section 12. Further, unless otherwise set forth herein, the Definitive Documents not executed or in a form attached to this Agreement as of the
Execution Date shall otherwise be in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Section 4.Commitments of the Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

4.01. General Commitments, Forbearances, and Waivers. 

(a) During the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting Senior Noteholder severally, and not jointly, agrees, in respect of all of its
Company Claims/Interests, to: 

(i) support the Restructuring Transactions and validly and timely vote (and not withdraw) and exercise any
powers or rights available to it (including in any board, shareholders, or creditors meeting or in any process requiring voting or approval to which they are legally entitled to participate) in each case in favor of any matter requiring
approval to the extent necessary to implement the Restructuring Transactions; 

(ii) not change, withdraw, amend, or revoke (or cause to be
changed, withdrawn, amended, or revoked) any vote or election referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (i) or (ii); 

(iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with and assist the Company Parties in obtaining additional support for the Restructuring Transactions from the Company Parties other stakeholders; 

(iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with and assist the Company Parties efforts to obtain, as applicable, any and all
federal, state, local, and foreign governmental, regulatory, and/or third-party approvals as may be reasonably requested by the Company Parties; 

(v) use commercially reasonable efforts to oppose any Party from taking any actions contemplated in Section 4.02(b);

(vi) if permitted to do so under applicable law, promptly notify the Company Parties in writing of any material governmental or
third-party complaints, litigations, investigations, or hearings (or written communications indicating that the same may be contemplated or threatened) with respect to the Restructuring Transactions; 

(vii) upon request by the Company Parties or their advisors, promptly provide the aggregate principal amount of Company Claims/Interests held
by the Consenting Senior Noteholders on an issuance-by-issuance basis; 

12 

(viii) use commercially reasonable efforts to give any notice, order, instruction, or
direction to the applicable Trustees or the DIP Agent, as applicable, necessary to give effect to the Restructuring Transactions; and 

(ix) negotiate in good faith and execute and implement the Definitive Documents that are consistent with this Agreement to which it is
required to be a party. 

(b) During the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting Senior Noteholder severally, and not jointly, agrees
to: 

(i) in its capacity as a DIP Lender, upon entry of the Interim DIP Order and Final DIP Order, as applicable, execute the applicable
DIP Facility Documents and to provide (or cause to be provided), a portion of the DIP Facility opposite such DIP Lenders name in the amounts set forth on Schedule 2.1(T-1) and Schedule 2.1(T-2) of the DIP Credit Agreement, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the DIP Facility Documents; and 

(ii) in its capacity as a Consenting Exit Facility Lender, (A) provide (or cause to be provided), either directly or through a fronting
institution to be reasonably agreed, a portion of the New Money Term Loans opposite such Consenting Exit Facility Lenders name in the amount set forth on Schedule 1 to the Exit Facility Term Sheet, and (B) satisfy the principal amount of
its loans under the DIP Facility through the issuance of term loans under the Exit Facility on a dollar for dollar basis, in each case (A) and (B) subject to the occurrence of the Closing Date (as defined in the Exit Facility Term Sheet) and
the Plan Effective Date and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Exit Facility Term Sheet; and 

(c) During the
Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting Senior Noteholder severally, and not jointly, agrees, in respect of all of its Company Claims/Interests, that it shall not directly or indirectly: 

(i) object to, delay, impede, or take any other action (including by directing, proposing, facilitating, assisting, or supporting any other
Entity to take any action) to interfere with acceptance, implementation, or consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; 

(ii) propose,
file, seek, solicit, support, or vote for any Alternative Restructuring Proposal; 

(iii) file any motion, pleading, or other document with
the Bankruptcy Court or any other court (including any modifications or amendments thereof) that, in whole or in part, is not materially consistent with this Agreement or the Plan; 

(iv) initiate, or have initiated on its behalf, any litigation or proceeding of any kind with respect to any Chapter 11 Case, this Agreement,
or the other Restructuring Transactions contemplated herein against the Company Parties or the other Parties other than to enforce this Agreement or any Definitive Document or as otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 

(v) exercise, or direct any other person to exercise, any right or remedy for the enforcement, collection, or recovery of any of Claims
against or Interests in the Company Parties; or 

13 

(vi) object to, delay, impede, or take any other action (including by directing, proposing,
facilitating, assisting, or supporting any other Entity to take any action) to interfere with the Company Parties ownership and possession of its assets, wherever located, or interfere with the automatic stay arising under section 362 of
the Bankruptcy Code. 

4.02. Commitments with Respect to Chapter 11 Cases. 

(a) During the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting Senior Noteholder that is entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan pursuant to
its terms, severally, and not jointly, agrees that it shall, subject to receipt by such Consenting Senior Noteholder, whether before or after the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, of the Solicitation Materials: 

(i) vote each of its Company Claims/Interests entitled to vote on the Plan to accept the Plan by delivering its duly executed and completed
ballot accepting the Plan on a timely basis following the commencement of the solicitation of the Plan and its actual receipt of the Solicitation Materials and the ballot; 

(ii) (A) to the extent it is permitted to elect whether to opt out of the Releases, elect not to opt out of the Releases by timely delivering
its duly executed and completed ballot(s) or form, as applicable, indicating such election, and (B) to the extent it is required to opt in to the Releases, elect to opt in to the Releases by timely delivering its duly executed and completed
ballot(s) or form, as applicable, indicating such election; 

(iii) not change, withdraw, amend, or revoke (or cause to be changed,
withdrawn, amended, or revoked) any vote or election referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above; 

(iv) not object to, join in any
objection to, delay, impeded, or take any other action (including by directing, proposing, facilitating, assisting, or supporting any other Entity to take any action) to interfere with any pleading or document filed by the Company Parties that is
consistent with this Agreement; and 

(v) use commercially reasonable efforts to support the Company Parties in opposing any motion filed
with the Bankruptcy Court by any party seeking the entry of an order (A) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner (with expanded powers beyond those set forth in sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code), (B) converting
the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, or (C) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases. 

(b) During the
Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting Senior Noteholder severally, and not jointly, agrees in respect of each of its Company Claims/Interests, that it will support, and will not directly or indirectly object to, delay, impede, or take any
other action (including by directing, proposing, facilitating, assisting, or supporting any other Entity to take any action) to interfere with any motion or other pleading or document filed by the Company Parties in the Bankruptcy Court that is
consistent with this Agreement. 

14 

Section 5.Additional Provisions Regarding the Consenting Senior
Noteholders Commitments. 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, nothing in this
Agreement shall: (a) affect the ability of any Consenting Senior Noteholder to consult with any other Consenting Senior Noteholder, the Company Parties, or any other party in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases (including any official committee
and the United States Trustee); (b) impair or waive the rights of any Consenting Senior Noteholder to assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement; (c) prevent any Consenting Senior Noteholder from enforcing this Agreement or
any Definitive Document, including the DIP Credit Agreement and the DIP Orders (in accordance therewith), or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any Definitive Document, including,
without limitation, by filing an objection or initiating a contested matter or other proceeding with the Bankruptcy Court, or exercising its rights or remedies reserved herein or in the Definitive Documents, including upon the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default under the DIP Credit Agreement (in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement and the DIP Orders); (d) prevent any Consenting Senior Noteholder from taking any action that is required by applicable Law
(as determined by such Consenting Senior Noteholder in good faith after consultation with legal counsel), provided that if such Consenting Senior Noteholder proposes to take any action that is otherwise materially inconsistent with this
Agreement and is reasonably expected to have an adverse impact on the Restructuring Transactions in order to comply with applicable Law, such Consenting Senior Noteholder shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, provide at least five
(5) Business Days advance written notice to the other Parties prior to taking any such action; (e) require any Consenting Senior Noteholder to take any action that is prohibited by applicable Law or to waive or forego the benefit of
any applicable legal privilege (as determined by them in good faith after consultation with legal counsel), provided that if such Consenting Senior Noteholder plans to refuse to take any action in a manner that is otherwise inconsistent with
this Agreement and is reasonably expected to have an adverse impact on the Restructuring Transactions in order to comply with applicable Law, such Consenting Senior Noteholder shall provide at least five (5) Business Days advance written
notice to the other Parties prior to taking such action; (f) be construed to prohibit or limit any Consenting Senior Noteholder from appearing as a party in interest in any matter to be adjudicated concerning any matter arising in any Chapter
11 Case; or (g) be construed to prevent the Consenting Senior Noteholders from exercising any consent rights or their rights or remedies specifically reserved herein or in the Definitive Documents. 

Section 6. Commitments of the Company Parties.

6.01. Affirmative Commitments. During the Agreement Effective Period, the Company Parties agree to: 

(a) support and take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to consummate the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with this
Agreement; 

(b) to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the
Restructuring Transactions contemplated herein, take all commercially reasonable steps necessary and desirable to address any such impediment; 

15 

(c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all required regulatory and
third-party approvals for the Restructuring Transactions; 

(d) negotiate in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts
to execute and deliver the Definitive Documents and any other required agreements to effectuate and consummate the Restructuring Transactions as contemplated by this Agreement; 

(e) use commercially reasonable efforts to seek additional support for the Restructuring Transactions from their other material stakeholders
to the extent reasonably prudent; 

(f) use commercially reasonable efforts to oppose any party or person taking or seeking to take any
actions contemplated in Section 6.02 of this Agreement; 

(g) timely pay all Restructuring Expenses for which an
invoice with detail in accordance with the applicable fee reimbursement letters has been received by the Company Parties or their counsel and in accordance with Section 13.05; 

(h) except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement or with the express consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, use
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) conduct its businesses and operations in the ordinary course in a manner that is consistent with past practices and in compliance with Law, (ii) maintain its books and records in the ordinary course
in a manner that is consistent with past practices, and in compliance with Law, (iii) maintain all insurance policies, or suitable replacements therefor, in full force and effect, in a manner that is consistent with past practices, and in
compliance with Law, and (iv) preserve intact its business organizations and relationships with third parties (including creditors, lessors, licensors, and contract counterparties) and employees in the ordinary course in a manner that is
consistent with past practices, and in compliance with Law; 

(i) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy
Court seeking the entry of an order (i) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner (with expanded powers beyond those set forth in sections 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code), (ii) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to
cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, and/or (iii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases; 

(j) negotiate in good faith and use
commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver any appropriate additional or alternative provisions or agreements to address any legal, financial or structural impediment that may arise that would prevent, hinder, impede, delay or are
necessary to effectuate the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; 

(k) in the event that the Company Parties seek to disseminate
(i) a press release, public filing, public announcement or other public communications or (ii) a communication to all or substantially all of the employees of any of the Company Parties or their Subsidiaries (collectively, an
Announcement) regarding this Agreement, the commencement of any Chapter 11 Case, the Restructuring Transactions or any terms thereof, it shall provide a draft of such Announcement to counsel to the Consenting Senior
Noteholders for review and comment as soon as reasonably practicable before making such Announcement and shall act in good faith in considering and consulting with counsel to the Consenting Senior Noteholders regarding the form and substance of any
such Announcement; and 

16 

(l) provide to the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders Advisors (i) a
copy of any written Alternative Restructuring Proposal as soon as practicable but in any event within two (2) calendar days of the Company Parties receipt of such Alternative Restructuring Proposal and (ii) such information as
necessary to keep the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders Advisors reasonably informed as to the status and substance of such discussions, in each case to the extent that the board of directors of the Company Parties determines the
foregoing is not inconsistent with applicable Law or their fiduciary obligations under applicable Law. 

6.02. Negative Commitments.
During the Agreement Effective Period, the Company Parties shall not directly or indirectly: 

(a) object to, delay, impede, or take any
other action to interfere with acceptance, implementation, or consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; 

(b) take any action that is
inconsistent in any material respect with, or is intended to frustrate or impede approval, implementation and consummation of the Restructuring Transactions described in, this Agreement or the Plan; 

(c) modify the Plan, in whole or in part, in a manner that is not consistent with this Agreement in all material respects; 

(d) except as set forth in Section 7.02, solicit, initiate, or propose any Alternative Restructuring Proposal; or

(e) file (i) any motion or pleading with the Bankruptcy Court or any other court (including any modifications or amendments thereof)
that, in whole or in part, is not materially consistent with this Agreement or the Plan or (ii) any Definitive Document that is not in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Section 7.Additional Provisions Regarding Company Parties Commitments. 

7.01. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall require the Company Parties or the board of
directors of the Company Parties, after consulting with counsel, to take any action or to refrain from taking any action with respect to the Restructuring Transactions to the extent taking or failing to take such action would be inconsistent with
applicable Law or their fiduciary obligations under applicable Law, and any such action or inaction pursuant to this Section 7.01 shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement; provided,
however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company Parties shall give notice (email being sufficient) as soon as practicable but in any event within two (2) calendar days to the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders
Advisors if the Company Parties or board of directors of the Company Parties, acting in good faith and after consulting with counsel, determine (i) to pursue, assist in, consent to, vote for, or enter into any agreement regarding any
Alternative Restructuring Proposal in accordance with Section 7.02, or (ii) that proceeding with, taking any action, or refraining from taking any action with respect to the Restructuring Transactions would be
inconsistent with the exercise of their fiduciary duties or applicable Law in accordance with this Section 7.01. 

17 

7.02. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (but subject to
Section 7.01), the Company Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors or representatives shall have the rights to:
(a) consider, respond to, and facilitate Alternative Restructuring Proposals received by the Company Parties; (b) provide access to non-public information concerning the Company Parties to any Entity
or enter into Confidentiality Agreements or nondisclosure agreements with any Entity; (c) maintain or continue discussions or negotiations with respect to Alternative Restructuring Proposals; (d) otherwise cooperate with, assist,
participate in, or facilitate any inquiries, proposals, discussions, or negotiation of Alternative Restructuring Proposals; and (e) enter into or continue discussions or negotiations with holders of Claims against or Equity Interests in the
Company Parties (including any Consenting Senior Noteholder), any other party in interest in any Chapter 11 Case (including any official committee and the United States Trustee), or any other Entity regarding the Restructuring Transactions or
Alternative Restructuring Proposals. 

7.03. Nothing in this Agreement shall: (a) impair or waive the rights of the Company Parties to
assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement in connection with the Restructuring Transactions; or (b) prevent the Company Parties from enforcing this Agreement or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or
is inconsistent with, this Agreement. 

Section 8.Transfer of Interests and Securities. 

8.01. During the Agreement Effective Period: 

(a) no Consenting Senior Noteholder shall Transfer any ownership (including any beneficial ownership as defined in the Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) in any Company Claims/Interests to any affiliated or unaffiliated party, including any party in which it may hold a direct or indirect beneficial
interest, unless: 

(i) the authorized transferee is either (i) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A of the
Securities Act, (ii) an institutional accredited investor (as defined in the Rules), or (iii) a Consenting Senior Noteholder; and 

(ii) either (A) the transferee executes and delivers to counsel to the Company Parties, at or before the time of the proposed Transfer, a
Transfer Agreement or (B) the transferee is a Consenting Senior Noteholder and the transferee provides written notice of such Transfer (including the amount and type of Company Claim/Interest Transferred) to counsel to the Company Parties
within two (2) Business Days of such acquisition; and 

(b) in the case of Exit Facility New Money Commitments, each Consenting Exit
Facility Lenders Exit Facility New Money Commitments may be freely assigned or transferred, in whole or in part, by such Consenting Exit Facility Lender to (i) any other Consenting Exit Facility Lender, (ii) any Affiliate of a
Consenting Exit Facility Lender, or (iii) any other Person not referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) above so long as such Person is approved in writing by the Required Consenting Exit Facility Lenders and the Company Parties (such approval
not to be 

18 

unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed), prior to such assignment, delegation, or transfer and shall be deemed granted if not denied by the Company Parties or the Required Consenting Exit
Facility Lenders within four (4) Business Days after the assigning Consenting Exit Facility Lender provides notice to the other Consenting Exit Facility Lenders and the Company Parties (for purposes of this clause (iii), the Consenting Exit
Facility Lender proposing to make such assignment or transfer, and all of its Affiliates, shall be excluded from the calculation of Required Consenting Exit Facility Lenders for purposes of determining whether the definition of Required
Consenting Exit Facility Lenders has been satisfied). Following any such Transfer, Schedule 1 to the Exit Facility Term Sheet shall be updated by the Required Consenting Exit Facility Lenders (in consultation with the Company Parties) (it
being understood and agreed that updates to Schedule 1 to the Exit Facility Term Sheet shall not result in overall changes to the aggregate amount of Exit Facility New Money Commitments). Any update to Schedule 1 to the Exit Facility Term Sheet
described in the immediately preceding sentence shall not be deemed an amendment to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions herein, unless otherwise agreed in any instance by the Company Parties and the Required
Consenting Exit Facility Lenders (for purposes of this sentence, the Consenting Exit Facility Lender making such assignment, and all of its Affiliates, shall be excluded from the calculation of Required Consenting Exit Facility Lenders for purposes
of determining whether the definition of Required Consenting Exit Facility Lenders has been satisfied), no assignment of Exit Facility New Money Commitments by a Consenting Exit Facility Lender to an Affiliate of such Consenting Exit
Facility Lender will relieve the assigning Consenting Exit Facility Lender of its obligations hereunder if any such Affiliate assignee fails to perform such obligations. 

8.02. Upon compliance with the requirements of Section 8.01(a), the transferor shall be deemed to relinquish its
rights (and be released from its obligations) under this Agreement to the extent of the rights and obligations in respect of such transferred Company Claims/Interests. Any Transfer in violation of Section 8.01(a) shall be
void ab initio. 

8.03. This Agreement shall in no way be construed to preclude the Consenting Senior Noteholders from acquiring
additional Company Claims/Interests; provided,however, that (a) such additional Company Claims/Interests shall automatically and immediately upon acquisition by a Consenting Senior Noteholder be deemed subject to the terms of
this Agreement (regardless of when or whether notice of such acquisition is given to counsel to the Company Parties or counsel to the Consenting Senior Noteholders), and (b) such Consenting Senior Noteholder must provide notice of such
acquisition (including the amount and type of Company Claim/Interest acquired) to counsel to the Company Parties within two (2) Business Days of such acquisition. 

8.04. This Section 8 shall not impose any obligation on the Company Parties to issue any cleansing
letter or otherwise publicly disclose information for the purpose of enabling a Consenting Senior Noteholder to Transfer any of its Company Claims/Interests. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent any Company Party and
another Party have entered into a Confidentiality Agreement, the terms of such Confidentiality Agreement shall continue to apply and remain in full force and effect according to its terms, and this Agreement does not supersede any rights or
obligations otherwise arising under such Confidentiality Agreements. 

19 

8.05. Notwithstanding Section 8.01(a), any Consenting Senior
Noteholder may Transfer any Company Claims/Interests to a Qualified Marketmaker and such Qualified Marketmaker that acquires any Company Claims/Interests with the purpose and intent of acting as a Qualified Marketmaker for such Company
Claims/Interests shall not be required to execute and deliver a Transfer Agreement in respect of such Company Claims/Interests if: (i) such Qualified Marketmaker subsequently transfers such Company Claims/Interests (by purchase, sale
assignment, participation, or otherwise) within five (5) Business Days of its acquisition to a transferee that is an entity that is not an affiliate, affiliated fund, or affiliated entity with a common investment advisor; (ii) the
transferee otherwise is a Permitted Transferee under Section 8.01(a); and (iii) the Transfer otherwise is a permitted Transfer under Section 8.01(a). To the extent that a Consenting Senior
Noteholder is acting in its capacity as a Qualified Marketmaker, it may Transfer (by purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) any right, title or interests in Company Claims/Interests that the Qualified Marketmaker acquires from a
holder of the Company Claims/Interests who is not a Consenting Senior Noteholder without the requirement that the transferee be a Permitted Transferee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, at the time of the proposed Transfer of such Company
Claims/Interests to the Qualified Marketmaker, such Company Claims/Interests (x) may be voted on the Plan, the proposed transferor Consenting Senior Noteholder must first vote such Company Claims/Interests in accordance with the requirements of
Section 4.01(a)(i), or (y) have not yet been and may not yet be voted on the Plan and such Qualified Marketmaker does not Transfer such Company Claims/Interests to a subsequent transferee prior to the fifth (5th)
Business Day prior to the expiration of the voting deadline (such date, the Qualified Marketmaker Joinder Date), such Qualified Marketmaker shall be required to (and the transfer documentation to the Qualified Marketmaker
shall have provided that it shall), on the first Business Day immediately following the Qualified Marketmaker Joinder Date, become a Consenting Senior Noteholder with respect to such Company Claims/Interests in accordance with the terms hereof
(provided that the Qualified Marketmaker shall automatically, and without further notice or action, no longer be a Consenting Senior Noteholder with respect to such Company Claims/Interests at such time that the transferee of such Company
Claims/Interests becomes a Consenting Senior Noteholder with respect to such Company Claims/Interests). 

8.06. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Section 8, the restrictions on Transfer set forth in this Section 8 shall not apply to the grant of any liens or encumbrances on any claims and interests in favor of a bank or
broker-dealer holding custody of such claims and interests in the ordinary course of business and which lien or encumbrance is released upon the Transfer of such claims and interests. 

8.07. The Company Parties understand that the Consenting Senior Noteholders are engaged in a wide range of financial services and businesses,
and, in furtherance of the foregoing, the Company Parties acknowledge and agree that the obligations set forth in this Agreement shall only apply to the trading desk(s) and/or business group(s) of the Consenting Senior Noteholders that principally
manage and/or supervise the Consenting Senior Noteholders investment in the Company Parties or that are expressly a party hereto, and shall not apply to any other trading desk or business group of any Consenting Senior Noteholder so long as
they are not acting at the direction or for the benefit of such Consenting Senior Noteholder or in connection with such Consenting Senior Noteholders investment in the Company Parties, unless they separately become a party hereto. 

20 

Section 9.Representations and Warranties of Consenting Senior
Noteholders. Each Consenting Senior Noteholder severally, and not jointly, represents and warrants that, as of the date such Consenting Senior Noteholder executes and delivers this Agreement: 

(a) it is the beneficial or record owner of the face amount of the Company Claims/Interests or is the nominee, investment manager, or advisor
for beneficial holders of the Company Claims/Interests reflected in, and, having made reasonable inquiry, is not the beneficial or record owner of any Company Claims/Interests other than those reflected in, such Consenting Senior Noteholders
signature page to this Agreement or a Transfer Agreement, as applicable (as may be updated pursuant to Section 8); 

(b) it has the full power and authority to act on behalf of, vote, and consent to matters concerning, such Company Claims/Interests; 

(c) such Company Claims/Interests are free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, charge, claim, equity, option, proxy, voting
restriction, right of first refusal, or other limitation on disposition, transfer, or encumbrances of any kind, that would adversely affect in any material way such Consenting Senior Noteholders ability to perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement at the time such obligations are required to be performed; 

(d) it has the full power to vote, approve changes to, and
transfer all of its Company Claims/Interests referable to it as contemplated by this Agreement subject to applicable Law; and 

(e) (i) it
is (A) a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (B) an institutional accredited investor (as described in the Rules), and (ii) although none of the Parties intend
that this Agreement should constitute, and each of the Parties believe it does not constitute, an offering of securities, such holder represents, warrants, and acknowledges that (1) it has been furnished with all materials it considers relevant
to making an investment decision with respect to any securities acquired by it in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, (2) it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of its prospective investment in such securities, and the ability to bear the economic risks of its prospective investment and can afford the complete loss of such investment, and acknowledges that such investment involves a high
degree of risk, (3) any securities acquired by it in connection with the Restructuring Transactions will have been acquired for investment and not with a view to distribution or resale in violation of the Securities Act, and (4) it
understands that any securities of the Reorganized Company contemplated by this Agreement and any Definitive Document have not been, and are not contemplated to be, registered under the Securities Act, and may not be resold without registration
under the Securities Act except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act or Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent applicable. 

Section 10.Mutual Representations, Warranties, and Covenants. Each of the Consenting Senior Noteholders, severally
and not jointly, and the Company Parties, but solely with respect to the Company Parties, subject to any necessary Bankruptcy Court approval, as and to the extent applicable, hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to each other, as of the date
such Party executed and delivers this Agreement: 

21 

(a) it is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the state of its
organization, and this Agreement is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable Laws relating to or limiting creditors rights
generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; 

(b) except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Plan, and the
Bankruptcy Code, no consent or approval is required by any other person or entity in order for it to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement; 

(c) the entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement do not, and will not, conflict in any
material respect with any Law or regulation applicable to it or with any of its articles of association, memorandum of association or other constitutional documents; 

(d) except as expressly provided in this Agreement, it has (or will have, at the relevant time) all requisite corporate or other power and
authority to enter into, execute, and deliver this Agreement and to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement; and 

(e) except as expressly provided by this Agreement, it is not party to any restructuring or similar agreements or arrangements with the other
Parties to this Agreement that have not been disclosed to all Parties to this Agreement. 

Section 11.Termination
Events. 

11.01. Consenting Senior Noteholder Termination Events. This Agreement may be terminated by the Required
Consenting Senior Noteholders by the delivery to the Company Parties of a written notice in accordance with Section 13.11 hereof upon the occurrence of the following events: 

(a) the occurrence of a material breach of this Agreement by any Company Party which breach has not been cured (if susceptible to cure) within
five (5) Business Days after written notice in accordance with Section 13.11 hereof detailing any such breach; 

(b) (i) the occurrence of any Event of Default under the DIP Facility Documents that results in an acceleration of the DIP
obligations or (ii) a termination of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement; 

(c) the issuance by any governmental
authority, including any regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling or order that (i) enjoins the consummation of a material portion of the Restructuring
Transactions and (ii) remains in effect for ten (10) Business Days after such terminating Consenting Senior Noteholders transmit a written notice in accordance with Section 13.11 hereof detailing any such
issuance; provided, that this termination right may not be exercised by any Party that sought or requested such ruling or order in contravention of any obligation set out in this Agreement; 

22 

(d) if (i) any Definitive Document does not materially comply with this Agreement,
including Section 3 hereof or (ii) any Company Party withdraws the Plan without the consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders; 

(e) any Company Party (i) makes an Announcement that it intends to accept an Alternative Restructuring Proposal or (ii) enters into
a definitive agreement with respect to an Alternative Restructuring Proposal; 

(f) any Company Party files, amends, or modifies, or files
a pleading seeking approval of, any Definitive Document or authority to amend or modify any Definitive Document, in a manner that is materially inconsistent with, or constitutes a material breach of, this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and such pleading is not withdrawn within one (1) Business Day; 

(g) the failure to
meet a Milestone, which has not been waived or extended in a manner consistent with this Agreement, unless such failure is result of any act, omission, or delay on the part of the terminating Consenting Senior Noteholders in violation of its
obligations under this Agreement; 

(h) the Bankruptcy Court enters any order (i) authorizing the use of post-petition financing
(other than the DIP Orders) that is not in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders or (ii) denying confirmation of the Plan; 

(i) other than as contemplated pursuant to the Restructuring Transactions, any Company Party files any pleading seeking authority to sell any
material assets without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders; 

(j) if the Bankruptcy Court enters an
order in the Chapter 11 Cases terminating any Company Partys exclusive right to file a plan or plans of reorganization or to solicit acceptances thereof pursuant to section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

(k) the Bankruptcy Court enters an order granting relief from the automatic stay imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code that would
materially and adversely affect the Company Parties and their subsidiaries ability to operate their businesses in the ordinary course and such order is not reversed after fourteen (14) calendar days from the Bankruptcy Courts
entry; 

(l) if (i) any of the Confirmation Order, Solicitation Procedures Order, or the order(s) approving the Disclosure Statement
is reversed, stayed, dismissed, vacated, reconsidered, modified or amended without the consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, or (ii) a motion for reconsideration, reargument, or rehearing with respect to any such order has been
filed and the Company Parties have failed to timely object to such motion; 

(m) the entry of an order by the Bankruptcy Court, or the
filing of a motion or application by any Company Party seeking an order (without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders), (i) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code,
(ii) appointing an examiner with expanded powers beyond those set forth in section 1106(a)(3) and section 1106(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code or a trustee in the Chapter 11 Cases, (iii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases, or
(iv) rejecting this Agreement; or 

23 

(n) any Company Party delivers a written notice in connection with
Section 7.01 hereof (or breaches its obligation to deliver such a notice); 

providedthat, the
above events, as applicable, may be cured, if possible, or waived at any time prior to delivery of a written notice terminating this Agreement in accordance with Section 13.11. 

11.02. Company Party Termination Events. The Company Parties may terminate this Agreement as to all Parties or any Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder, as applicable, consistent with the proviso in the last paragraph of this Section 11.02, upon prior written notice to all Parties in accordance with
Section 13.11 hereof upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) breach in any material respect by
one or more of the Consenting Senior Noteholders of any provision or obligation set forth in this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Plan or other applicable Definitive Document) that remains uncured for a period of five
(5) Business Days after the receipt by the Consenting Senior Noteholders of notice of such breach; 

(b) the board of directors of the
Company Parties determines, after consulting with counsel, (i) that proceeding with any of the Restructuring Transactions would be inconsistent with the exercise of their fiduciary duties or applicable Law or (ii) in the exercise of their
fiduciary duties, to pursue an Alternative Restructuring Proposal; 

(c) the issuance by any governmental authority, including any
regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling or order that (i) enjoins the consummation of a material portion of the Restructuring Transactions, and
(ii) remains in effect for thirty (30) Business Days after the Company Parties transmit a written notice in accordance with Section 13.11 hereof detailing any such issuance; 

(d) any Consenting Senior Noteholder (i) makes an Announcement that it intends not to support the Restructuring Transaction or
(ii) delivers a notice pursuant to the provisos in clauses (d) or (e) of Section 5 of this Agreement; 

(e) if any Consenting Senior Noteholder takes any action pursuant to clauses (d) or (e) of
Section 5 of this Agreement that is materially inconsistent with this Agreement and such action is reasonably expected to have an adverse impact on the Restructuring Transaction; 

(f) any Consenting Senior Noteholder files, amends, or modifies, or files a pleading seeking approval of, any Definitive Document or authority
to amend or modify any Definitive Document, in a manner that constitutes a material breach of this Agreement and such action creates an adverse impact on the Restructuring Transaction without the Company Parties prior written consent; 

(g) any Consenting Senior Noteholder files a motion in any Chapter 11 Case seeking to terminate any Company Partys exclusive right to
file a plan or plans of reorganization or to solicit acceptances thereof pursuant to section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

24 

(h) any Consenting Senior Noteholder files a motion in any Chapter 11 Case seeking to
reverse, stay, dismiss, vacate, reconsider, modify, or amend any of the Confirmation Order, Solicitation Procedures Order, or the order(s) approving the Disclosure Statement in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement without the consent of the
Company Parties, or (ii) a motion for reconsideration, reargument, or rehearing with respect to any such order has been filed in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement and any Consenting Senior Noteholder has failed to timely object to such
motion; or 

(i) the entry of an order by the Bankruptcy Court, or the filing of a motion or application by any Consenting Senior
Noteholder seeking an order (without the prior written consent of the Company Parties), (i) converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) appointing an examiner with expanded powers beyond those set forth
in section 1106(a)(3) and section 1106(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code or a trustee in the Chapter 11 Cases, or (iii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases; 

(any Consenting Senior Noteholder taking any action in clauses (a) and (d)(i) of this Section 11.02, the
Non-SupportingSenior Noteholder); provided, however, that so long as the Consenting Senior Noteholders (without counting the Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder) continue to hold or control at least two-thirds of the then outstanding principal amounts of Senior Notes, such termination shall be
effective only with respect to such Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder. 

11.03. Milestones.
The following Milestones shall apply to this Agreement unless extended or waived in writing by the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders in their sole discretion: 

(a) By no later than one (1) Business Day after the Agreement Effective Date, each Company Party shall have commenced a Chapter 11 Case;

(b) On the Petition Date, the Debtors shall have filed the Plan, Disclosure Statement, First Day Pleadings, and Solicitation Materials;

(c) By no later than five (5) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Interim DIP Order in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties; 

(d) By no later than five
(5) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered an order (i) conditionally approving the Disclosure Statement and (ii) authorizing the distribution of the Solicitation Materials; 

(e) By no later than thirty-five (35) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered (i) the Final DIP Order
and (ii) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties; 

(f) By no later than fifty (50) days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Company Parties; and 

25 

(g) By no later than sixty-five (65) days after the Petition Date, the Plan Effective
Date shall have occurred. 

11.04. Mutual Termination. This Agreement, and the obligations of all Parties hereunder, may be
terminated by mutual written agreement among all of the following: (a) the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and (b) the Company Parties. 

11.05. Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically without any further required action or notice
immediately after the Plan Effective Date. 

11.06. Effect of Termination. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Date as to
a Party, this Agreement shall be of no further force and effect as to such Party and each Party subject to such termination shall be released from its commitments, undertakings, and agreements under or related to this Agreement and shall have the
rights and remedies that it would have had, had it not entered into this Agreement, and shall be entitled to take all actions, whether with respect to the Restructuring Transactions or otherwise, that it would have been entitled to take had it not
entered into this Agreement, including with respect to any and all Claims or causes of action. In no event shall any such termination relieve a Party from (i) liability for its breach or
non-performance of its obligations hereunder prior to the date of such termination, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement by any other Party, and (ii) obligations under this Agreement which
expressly survive any such termination. The right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Sections 11.01, 11.02, or 11.04 (other than pursuant to Section 11.02(b)) shall not be
available to any Party whose failure to fulfill any material obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the occurrence of a termination event. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Date prior to the Confirmation Order
being entered by a Bankruptcy Court, any and all consents or ballots tendered by the applicable Parties subject to such termination before a Termination Date shall be deemed, for all purposes, to be null and void from the first instance and shall
not be considered or otherwise used in any manner by the Parties in connection with the Restructuring Transactions and this Agreement or otherwise; provided, however, any Consenting Senior Noteholder withdrawing or changing its vote pursuant
to this Section 11.06 shall promptly provide written notice of such withdrawal or change to each other Party to this Agreement and, if such withdrawal or change occurs on or after the Petition Date, file notice of such
withdrawal or change with the Bankruptcy Court. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company Parties or any of the Consenting Senior Noteholders from contesting whether any such termination is in accordance with its terms
or to seek enforcement of any rights under this Agreement that arose or existed before a Termination Date. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict
(a) any right of the Company Party or the ability of the Company Parties to protect and reserve its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including its claims against any Consenting Senior Noteholder, and
(b) any right of any Consenting Senior Noteholder, or the ability of any Consenting Senior Noteholder, to protect and preserve its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including its claims against the Company
Parties or Consenting Senior Noteholders. Nothing in this Section 11.06 shall restrict the Company Parties right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.02(b). 

26 

Section 12.Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or supplemented, and no condition or requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in any
manner except in accordance with this Section 12. 

(b) Any proposed modification, amendment, waiver, or
supplement that does not comply with this Section 12 shall be ineffective and void ab initio. 

(c) This
Agreement may be modified, amended, or supplemented, or a condition or requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in writing by: (a) the Company Parties and (b) the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders; provided, however, that
if the proposed modification, amendment, waiver, or supplement has a material, disproportionate, and adverse effect on any of the Company Claims/Interests held by a Consenting Senior Noteholder, then the consent of each such affected Consenting
Senior Noteholder shall also be required to effectuate such modification, amendment, waiver or supplement. 

(d) At any time prior to the
Termination Date, the Company Parties, on the one hand, and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, on the other, to the extent legally permitted, may (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations of any other Party,
(ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such Party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements, covenants or conditions for the
benefit of such Party contained herein. 

(e) The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or
be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall
operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy or any provision of this Agreement, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or remedy by such Party preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or remedy or
the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by Law. 

Section 13. Miscellaneous

13.01. Acknowledgement. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, this Agreement is not and shall not be deemed to be an offer with
respect to any securities or solicitation of votes for the acceptance of a plan of reorganization for purposes of sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only in compliance
with all applicable securities Laws, provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, or other applicable Law. 

13.02. Exhibits Incorporated by
Reference; Conflicts. Each of the exhibits, annexes, signatures pages, and schedules attached hereto is expressly incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement, and all references to this Agreement shall include such exhibits,
annexes, and schedules. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement (without reference to the exhibits, annexes, and schedules hereto) and the exhibits, annexes, and schedules hereto, this Agreement (without reference to the exhibits,
annexes, and schedules thereto) shall govern. 

27 

13.03. Further Assurances. Subject to the other terms of this Agreement, the
Parties agree to execute and deliver such other instruments and perform such acts, in addition to the matters herein specified, as may be reasonably appropriate or necessary, or as may be required by order of the Bankruptcy Court, from time to time,
to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions, as applicable. 

13.04. Complete Agreement. Except as otherwise explicitly
provided herein, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, oral or written, among the Parties with respect thereto, other than any Confidentiality
Agreement. 

13.05. Fees and Expenses. On or prior to the Plan Effective Date, the Company Parties shall pay or reimburse
(a) any unpaid transaction fee of Centerview triggered in connection with the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date, (b) all unpaid fees and expenses of the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders Advisors for which an invoice
has been received by the Company Parties (which invoice may include estimates of Restructuring Expenses to be incurred through the Plan Effective Date), and (c) all unpaid fees and expenses of any DIP Secured Party (as defined in the DIP Credit
Agreement) payable pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreement or the DIP Orders; provided that, so long as the Company Parties provide at least three (3) Business Days notice of the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date, such invoices
(which may include estimates of Restructuring Expenses to be incurred through the Plan Effective Date) shall be provided to the Company Parties at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Plan Effective Date; provided, further,
that the Company Parties shall remain liable for paying all Restructuring Expenses following the Plan Effective Date in accordance with any Company Partys fee reimbursement letters with the applicable Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior
Noteholders Advisors regardless of whether an invoice has been received by the Company Parties for such Restructuring Expenses prior to the Plan Effective Date. 

13.06. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; SELECTION OF FORUM. THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. Notwithstanding the foregoing consent to jurisdiction in either
a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in the State and County of New York, upon the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, each of the Parties hereby agrees that, if the Chapter 11 Cases are pending, the Bankruptcy Court shall have
exclusive jurisdiction over all matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. Each Party hereto agrees that it shall bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement, to the extent
possible, in the Bankruptcy Court, and solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement: (a) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court; (b) waives any objection to laying venue in any such
action or proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court; and (c) waives any objection that the Bankruptcy Court is an inconvenient forum or does not have jurisdiction over any Party hereto. 

13.07. TRIAL BY JURY WAIVER. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

28 

13.08. Execution of Agreement. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in
any number of counterparts and by way of electronic signature and delivery, each such counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same agreement. Except as expressly
provided in this Agreement, each individual executing this Agreement on behalf of a Party has been duly authorized and empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of said Party. 

13.09. Rules of Construction. This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the Company Parties and the Consenting Senior
Noteholders, and in the enforcement or interpretation hereof, is to be interpreted in a neutral manner, and any presumption with regard to interpretation for or against any Party by reason of that Party having drafted or caused to be drafted this
Agreement, or any portion hereof, shall not be effective in regard to the interpretation hereof. The Company Parties and the Consenting Senior Noteholders were each represented by counsel during the negotiations and drafting of this Agreement and
continue to be represented by counsel. 

13.10. Successors and Assigns; Third Parties. This Agreement is intended to bind and
inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, as applicable. There are no third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement, and the rights or obligations of any Party under this Agreement may not be
assigned, delegated, or transferred to any other person or entity. 

13.11. Notices. All notices hereunder shall be deemed
given if in writing and delivered, by electronic mail, courier, or registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), to the following addresses (or at such other addresses as shall be specified by like notice): 

(a) if to the Company Parties, to: 

Cutera, Inc. 

3240 Bayshore Blvd. 

Brisbane, CA 94005 

Attn: Stephana E. Patton 

Email: SPatton@cutera.com 

with copies to: 

Ropes & Gray, LLP 

1211 Avenue of Americas 

New York, NY 10036-8704 

Attn: Ryan Preston Dahl 

Natasha S. Hwangpo 

Sam Badawi 

Email: Ryan.Dahl@ropesgray.com 

Natasha.Hwangpo@ropesgray.com 

Sam.Badawi@ropesgray.com 

29 

(b) if to a Consenting Senior Noteholder, to: 

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 

1285 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10019 

Attn: Jacob A. Adlerstein 

Sean A. Mitchell 

Joshua A. Esses 

Email: JAdlerstein@paulweiss.com 

SMitchell@paulweiss.com 

JEsses@paulweiss.com 

Any notice given by delivery, mail, or courier shall be effective when received. 

13.12. Independent Due Diligence and Decision Making. Each Consenting Senior Noteholder hereby confirms that its decision to execute
this Agreement has been based upon its independent investigation of the operations, businesses, financial and other conditions, and prospects of the Company Parties. Each Consenting Senior Noteholder acknowledges and agrees that it is not relying on
any representation or warranties other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

13.13. Enforceability of Agreement. Each of the
Parties to the extent enforceable waives any right to assert that the exercise of termination rights under this Agreement is subject to the automatic stay provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and expressly stipulates and consents hereunder to the
prospective modification of the automatic stay provisions of the Bankruptcy Code for purposes of exercising termination rights under this Agreement, to the extent the Bankruptcy Court determines that such relief is required. 

13.14. Waiver. If the Restructuring Transactions are not consummated, or if this Agreement is terminated for any reason, the Parties
fully reserve any and all of their rights. Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of evidence, this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a
proceeding to enforce its terms or the payment of damages to which a Party may be entitled under this Agreement. 

13.15. Several, Not
Joint, Claims. Except where otherwise specified, the agreements, representations, warranties, and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement are, in all respects, several and not joint. 

13.16. Severability and Construction. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect if essential terms and conditions of this Agreement for each Party remain valid, binding, and enforceable. 

13.17. Remedies Cumulative; Specific Performance. 

(a) All rights, powers, and remedies provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at Law or in equity shall be
cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any right, power, or remedy thereof by any Party shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power, or remedy by such Party. 

30 

(b) It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would be an insufficient
remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party, and each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief (without the posting of any bond and
without proof of actual damages) as a remedy of any such breach, including an order of the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly with any of its obligations hereunder. 

(c) Without limiting any of the Company Parties foregoing remedies, it is understood and agreed that, in addition to any other remedy in
favor of the Company Parties arising at law or in equity, (i) the Company Parties remedies shall include the Company Parties right to seek designation pursuant to section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, of any vote by a Consenting
Senior Noteholder where such Consenting Senior Noteholder is in breach of its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) such Consenting Senior Noteholder shall be permitted to object to such request or motion seeking designation on any grounds.

13.18. Capacities of Consenting Senior Noteholders. Each Consenting Senior Noteholder has entered into this agreement on account
of all Company Claims/Interests that it holds (directly or through discretionary accounts that it manages or advises) and, except where otherwise specified in this Agreement, shall take or refrain from taking all actions that it is obligated to take
or refrain from taking under this Agreement with respect to all such Company Claims/Interests. 

13.19. Survival. Notwithstanding
(i) any Transfer of any Company Claims/Interests in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the agreements and obligations of the Parties in
Section 7.01, Section 11.06, Section 13, and the Confidentiality Agreements shall survive such Transfer or termination and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the
Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 

13.20. Email Consents. Where a written consent, acceptance, approval, or
waiver is required pursuant to or contemplated by this Agreement, pursuant to Section 3.02, Section 12, or otherwise, including a written approval by the Company Parties or the Required Consenting
Senior Noteholders, such written consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver shall be deemed to have occurred if, by agreement between counsel to the Parties submitting and receiving such consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver, it is conveyed in
writing (including electronic mail) between each such counsel without representations or warranties of any kind on behalf of such counsel. 

13.21. Representation by Counsel. Each Party acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to receive information from the Company
Parties and that it has been, or is part of a group that has been, or has had an opportunity to be, represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision
that would provide any Party with a defense to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement against such Party based upon lack of legal counsel shall have no application and is expressly waived. 

31 

13.22. Tax. To the extent practicable and applicable, and subject to the consent of
the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned, delayed, or withheld), the Restructuring Transactions will be structured so as to preserve or otherwise maximize the availability and/or use of favorable
tax attributes (including tax basis) of the Company Parties and to otherwise obtain the most beneficial structure for the Company Parties or the Reorganized Company and the holders of the equity of the Reorganized Company from and after the Plan
Effective Date, and the Company Parties will cooperate on a reasonable basis with the Consenting Senior Noteholders in connection with making such determination, including by timely providing the Consenting Senior Noteholders with reasonable
information relevant to making such determination. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and
year first above written. 

32 

CUTERA, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Harris

Name: Taylor Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Company Partys
Signature Page to the Restructuring Support Agreement

CRYSTAL SUB, LLC

By: 

/s/ Taylor Harris

Name: Taylor Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Company Partys
Signature Page to the Restructuring Support Agreement

[CONSENTING SENIOR NOTEHOLDER]

Name:

Title:

Address:

E-mail address(es):

Aggregate Amounts Beneficially Owned or Managed on Account of:

2026 Senior Notes 

2028 Senior Notes 

2029 Senior Notes 

Equity Interests 

Other Disclosable Economic Interests in relation to the Company Party (including participation interests, hedges, swaps, and derivatives) 

Company Partys
Signature Page to the Restructuring Support Agreement

EXHIBIT A 

Plan 

IMPORTANT: THE SOLICITATION MATERIALS ACCOMPANYING THIS PLAN OF REORGANIZATION HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED BY
THE BANKRUPTCY COURT AS CONTAINING ADEQUATE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF 11 U.S.C. 1125(a). THE DEBTORS EXPECT TO SEEK AN ORDER OR ORDERS OF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT, AMONG OTHER THINGS: (1) APPROVING THE SOLICITATION
OF VOTES AS HAVING BEEN IN COMPLIANCE WITH 11 U.S.C. 1126(b); AND (2) CONFIRMING THIS PLAN OF REORGANIZATION PURSUANT TO 11 U.S.C. 1129. 

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 

HOUSTON DIVISION 

In re:

Cutera, Inc. et al.,1

Debtors. 

Chapter 11

Case No. 25-[_______] ([___])

JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN 

OF REORGANIZATION OF CUTERA, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATED DEBTORS 

ROPES & GRAY LLP

Ryan Preston
Dahl (pro hac vice pending)

Conor P. McNamara (pro hac vice pending)

191 North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor

Chicago, IL 60606

Telephone: (312) 845-1200

Facsimile: (312) 845-5500

Email: ryan.dahl@ropesgray.com

conor.mcnamara@ropesgray.com

Natasha S. Hwangpo (pro hac vice pending)

1211 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10036

Telephone: (212) 596-9000

Facsimile: (212) 596-9090

E-mail: natasha.hwangpo@ropesgray.com 

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP

Timothy A.
(Tad) Davidson II (TX Bar No. 24012503)

Philip M. Guffy (TX Bar No. 24113705)

Catherine A. Rankin (TX Bar No. 24066008)

600 Travis Street,
Suite 4200

Houston, Texas 77002

Telephone: (713) 220-4200

Email: TadDavidson@hunton.com

PhilipGuffy@hunton.com

CahterineRankin@hunton.com

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and
Debtors in Possession

Dated: March 4, 2025

Houston, Texas

1 

The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtors federal tax
identification number, are as follows: Cutera, Inc. (2262) and Crystal Sub, LLC (6339). The Debtors service address is 3240 Bayshore Boulevard, Brisbane, CA 94005. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINED TERMS, RULES OF INTERPRETATION, AND COMPUTATION OF
TIME 1 

Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.2 Rules of Interpretation and Computation of Time 18 

ARTICLE II. UNCLASSIFIED CLAIMS 18 

Section 2.1 Administrative Claims 19 

Section 2.2 Priority Tax Claims 20 

Section 2.3 Professional Fee Claims 20 

Section 2.4 DIP Claims 21 

Section 2.5 Statutory Fees 22 

ARTICLE III. CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS 22 

Section 3.1 Classification of Claims 22 

Section 3.2 Class Identification 22 

Section 3.3 Treatment and Voting Rights of Claims and Interests 23 

Section 3.4 Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims 27 

Section 3.5 Voting; Presumptions; Solicitation 27 

Section 3.6 Nonconsensual Confirmation 27 

Section 3.7 Subordinated Claims 27 

Section 3.8 Vacant Classes 28 

Section 3.9 No Waiver 28 

ARTICLE IV. MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN 28 

Section 4.1 Compromise or Settlement of Controversies 28 

Section 4.2 Sources of Consideration for Plan Distribution 28 

Section 4.3 Restructuring Transactions 29 

Section 4.4 Continued Corporate Existence 29 

Section 4.5 Private Company 30 

Section 4.6 Corporate Action 30 

Section 4.7 Vesting of Assets 31 

Section 4.8 Indemnification Provisions in Organizational Documents 31 

Section 4.9 Cancellation of Existing Securities and Agreements 32 

Section 4.10 Cancellation of Certain Existing Security Interests 33 

Section 4.11 Approval of the Exit Facility and the Exit Facility Documents 34 

Section 4.12 Issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity 35 

Section 4.13 Rights Offering 35 

Section 4.14 Common Equity Convenience Buyout 37 

Section 4.15 Exemption from Registration Requirements 38 

Section 4.16 Organizational Documents 40 

Section 4.17 Exemption from Certain Transfer Taxes and Recording Fees 40 

Section 4.18 Managers, Directors and Officers of the Reorganized Debtor 40 

Section 4.19 Incentive Plans 41 

Section 4.20 Effectuating Documents; Further Transactions 41 

Section 4.21 Restructuring Expenses and DIP Facility Expenses 41 

Section 4.22 Retained Causes of Action 42 

ARTICLE V. TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES 42 

Section 5.1 Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 42 

Section 5.2 Cure of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 43 

Section 5.3 Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases 44 

Section 5.4 Indemnification Obligations 44 

Section 5.5 Contracts and Leases Entered Into After the Petition Date 45 

Section 5.6 Insurance Policies 45 

Section 5.7 Reservation of Rights 45 

ARTICLE VI. PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS 45 

Section 6.1 Distribution on Account of Claims and Interests Allowed as of the Effective Date 45 

Section 6.2 Distribution on Account of Claims and Interests Allowed After the Effective Date 46 

Section 6.3 Delivery of Distributions 46 

Section 6.4 Minimum Distributions 47 

Section 6.5 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate 48 

Section 6.6 Delivery of Distributions; Undeliverable Distributions 48 

Section 6.7 Compliance with Tax Requirements/Allocations 49 

Section 6.8 Surrender of Cancelled Instruments or Securities 49 

Section 6.9 Claims Paid or Payable by Third Parties 49 

ARTICLE VII. PROCEDURES FOR RESOLVING DISPUTED CLAIMS OR INTERESTS 50 

Section 7.1 No Filings of Proofs of Claim 50 

Section 7.2 Allowance of Claims and Interests 51 

Section 7.3 Prosecution of Objections to Claims 51 

Section 7.4 Adjustment of Claims and Interests Without Objection 51 

Section 7.5 Disallowance of Certain Claims 52 

Section 7.6 Offer of Judgment 52 

Section 7.7 Amendments to Claims or Interests 52 

ARTICLE VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE 52 

Section 8.1 Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date 52 

ii 

Section 8.2 Waiver of Conditions Precedent 55 

Section 8.3 Effect of Failure of Conditions Precedent 55 

Section 8.4 Substantial Consummation of Plan 55 

ARTICLE IX. EFFECT OF PLAN CONFIRMATION 56 

Section 9.1 Binding Effect 56 

Section 9.2 Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests; Compromise and Settlement of Claims, Interests, and Controversies 56 

Section 9.3 Releases 56 

Section 9.4 Exculpation and Limitation of Liability 60 

Section 9.5 Injunction 61 

Section 9.6 Setoffs and Recoupment 63 

Section 9.7 Release of Liens 64 

ARTICLE X. RETENTION OF JURISDICTION 64 

ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 66 

Section 11.1 Immediate Binding Effect 66 

Section 11.2 Payment of Statutory Fees 67 

Section 11.3 No Substantive Consolidation 67 

Section 11.4 Amendments 67 

Section 11.5 Revocation or Withdrawal of Plan 67 

Section 11.6 Governing Law 68 

Section 11.7 Successors and Assigns 68 

Section 11.8 No Successor Liability 68 

Section 11.9 Severability 68 

Section 11.10 Filing of Additional Documents 69 

Section 11.11 Reservation of Rights 69 

Section 11.12 Service of Documents 69 

Section 11.13 Section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code 71 

Section 11.14 Tax Reporting and Compliance 71 

Section 11.15 Exhibits, Schedules, and Supplements 71 

Section 11.16 Entire Agreement 71 

Section 11.17 Allocation of Payments 72 

Section 11.18 Prepayment 72 

Section 11.19 Conflicts 72 

Section 11.20 Closing of Chapter 11 Cases 72 

Section 11.21 Term of Injunctions or Stays 72 

Section 11.22 Dissolution of Committee 73 

iii 

JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN 

OF REORGANIZATION OF CUTERA, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATED DEBTORS 

Cutera, Inc. and Crystal Sub, LLC (each, a Debtor and together, the Debtors) propose this joint
prepackaged plan of reorganization (this Plan) for the resolution of the outstanding Claims against and Interests in the Debtors pursuant to chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. Capitalized terms used in this Plan and not otherwise
defined have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Article I hereof. 

The Debtors seek to consummate the Restructuring
Transactions on the Effective Date of this Plan. Each Debtor is a proponent of this Plan within the meaning of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Plan shall apply as a separate Plan for each Debtor, and the classification of Claims and
Interests set forth herein shall apply separately for each Debtor. 

Reference is made to the accompanying Disclosure Statement for a
discussion of the Debtors history, businesses, results of operations, historical financial information, projections, and future operations, as well as a summary and analysis of this Plan and certain related matters, including distributions to
be made under this Plan. 

ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO READ THIS PLAN AND THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT IN
THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE VOTING TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THIS PLAN. 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINED TERMS, RULES OF INTERPRETATION, AND COMPUTATION OF TIME 

Section 1.1 Defined Terms. 

The following terms shall have the respective meanings specified below when used in capitalized form in this Plan: 

1. 1145 Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15 of this Plan. 

2. 2026 Senior Notes means those certain unsecured convertible senior notes issued pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes
Indenture. 

3. 2026 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain First SupplementalIndenture, dated
as of February 24, 2025 to that certain Indenture dated as of March 9, 2021, between Cutera, Inc., as issuer, Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, for 2.25% Senior Notes due March 15,
2026. 

4. 2028 Senior Notes means those certain unsecured convertible senior notes issued pursuant to the 2028
Senior Notes Indenture. 

5. 2028 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain First SupplementalIndenture, dated as of February 24, 2025 to that certain Indenture dated as of May 27, 2022, between Cutera, Inc., as issuer, Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, for
2.25% Senior Notes due June 1, 2028. 

6. 2029 Senior Notes means those certain unsecured convertible
senior notes issued pursuant to the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture. 

7. 2029 Senior Notes Indenture means that
certain First SupplementalIndenture, dated as of February 24, 2025 to that certain Indenture dated as of December 12, 2022, between Cutera, Inc., as issuer, Crystal Sub, LLC, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee, for 4.00% Senior Notes due June 1, 2029. 

8. Accredited Investor has the
meaning ascribed to it in the Securities Act. 

9. Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders means the
group of Consenting Senior Noteholders represented by the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholder Advisors. 

10. Ad
Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholder Advisors means, collectively: (i) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, as counsel; (ii) Porter Hedges LLP, as co-counsel;
and (iii) Centerview Partners LLC, as financial advisor and investment banker. 

11. Administrative Claims
means any and all requests for payment of costs or expenses (other than DIP Claims) of the kind specified in section 503(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and entitled to priority under section 507 of the Bankruptcy Code, including, but not limited to:
(a) the actual and necessary costs and expenses incurred after the Petition Date and through the Effective Date of preserving the Estates and operating the businesses of the Debtors; (b) Bankruptcy Fees; (c) Allowed Professional Fee
Claims; (d) the Restructuring Expenses; and (e) Put Option Premium Claims. 

12. Administrative Claims Bar
Date means the first Business Day that is the thirtieth (30th) day after the Effective Date. 

13. Affiliate has the meaning set forth in section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, including non-Debtor Entities. 

14. Allowed means, with respect to a Claim or Interest:
(i) any Claim or Interest as to which no objection to allowance has been interposed (either in the Bankruptcy Court or in the ordinary course of business) on or before the applicable time period fixed by applicable non-bankruptcy law or such other applicable period of limitation fixed by the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, or the Bankruptcy Court, or as to which any objection has been determined by a Final Order, either
before or after the Effective Date, to the extent such objection is determined in favor of the respective Holder; (ii) any Claim or Interest as to which the liability of the Debtors and the amount thereof are determined by a Final Order of a
court of competent jurisdiction other than the Bankruptcy Court, either before or after the Effective Date; or (iii) any Claim or Interest expressly deemed Allowed by this Plan. A Claim or Interest that is Allowed shall include a Claim or
Interest that is Disputed to the extent such Claim or Interest becomes Allowed after the Effective Date. A Claim that is Allowed shall be net of any valid setoff exercised with respect to such Claim 

2 

pursuant to the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable non-bankruptcy law. Unless otherwise specified herein, in section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code, or by Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court, a Claim that is Allowed shall not, for purposes of distributions under this Plan, include interest on such Claim accruing from or after the Petition Date. 

15. Ballot means a ballot accompanying the Disclosure Statement upon which certain Holders of Impaired Claims
entitled to vote on this Plan shall, among other things, indicate their acceptance or rejection of this Plan in accordance with this Plan and the procedures governing the solicitation process. 

16. Bankruptcy Code means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 1011532, as may be
amended. 

17. Bankruptcy Court means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas or
such other court as may have jurisdiction over these Chapter 11 Cases. 

18. Bankruptcy Fees means any and all
fees or charges assessed against the Debtors Estates under section 1930 of title 28 of the United States Code. 

19.
Bankruptcy Rules means the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, promulgated under section 2075 of title 28 of the United States Code, the Official Bankruptcy Forms, or the local rules of the Bankruptcy Court, together
with any amendments made thereto subsequent to the Petition Date, to the extent that any such amendments are applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases, and the general, local, and chambers rules of the Bankruptcy Court. 

20. BusinessDay means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday
(as such term is defined in Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a)). 

21. Cash means the legal tender of the United States of
America or the equivalent thereof. 

22. Cash-Out Reduction has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.3(c)(iii)2 of this Plan. 

23.
Cash-Out Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(c)(iii)2 of this Plan. 

24. Causes of Action means any and all claims, interests, damages, remedies, causes of action, demands, rights,
debts, actions, suits, obligations, liabilities, accounts, defenses, offsets, powers, privileges, licenses, liens, indemnities, guaranties, and franchises of any kind or character whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen,
existing or hereinafter arising, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, asserted or assertable, direct or derivative, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, in
contract, tort, law, equity, or otherwise, including but not limited to: (a) all rights of setoff, counterclaim, or recoupment and claims under contracts or for breaches of duties imposed by Law; (b) the right to object to or otherwise
contest Claims or Interests; (c) claims pursuant to sections 362, 510, 542 through 550, or 553 of the Bankruptcy Code; and (d) such claims and defenses as fraud, mistake, duress, and usury, and any other defenses set forth in section 558
of the Bankruptcy Code. 

3 

25. Chapter 11 Cases means the cases pending for the Debtors under
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court. 

26. Claim has the meaning set forth in section
101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

27. Claims Register means the official register of Claims maintained by the
Notice and Claims Agent. 

28. Class means a group of Claims or Interests classified together pursuant to section
1122(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

29. Combined Hearing means the hearing to be held by the Bankruptcy Court to
consider the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of this Plan under sections 1125 and 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively, as such hearing may be adjourned or continued from time to time. 

30. Common Equity Convenience Buyout means the option of Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims who are not
Consenting Senior Noteholders to elect the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option in lieu of receiving the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery on account of such Senior Notes Claims, pursuant to which certain of the Consenting Senior Noteholders shall
purchase Reorganized Common Equity on the terms set forth in Section 4.14 of this Plan and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents. 

31. Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap means $7,040,000. 

32. Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents means the definitive documents and agreements required to effectuate
the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, including the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

33. Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium means an amount equal to 10% of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Cap, payable to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement (i) on the Effective Date, in Reorganized Common Equity, issuable at the Equity Rights Offering Share Price,
or (ii) if the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Date, in Cash in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order. 

34. Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures means those certain procedures with respect to the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and the Debtors. 

4 

35. Common Equity Convenience Buyout Share Price means $5.00 per
share, which reflects the plan equity value per share giving effect to the proceeds received on account of the Equity Rights Offering Amount, discounted by 50%. 

36. Common Equity Convenience Buyout Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(c)
of this Plan. 

37. Company means Cutera, Inc. and all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

38. Confirmation means the entry of the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court on the docket of the Chapter 11
Cases. 

39. Confirmation Date means the date upon which the Confirmation Order is entered on the docket
maintained by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 5003. 

40. Confirmation Order means the order of
the Bankruptcy Court confirming this Plan pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, which order shall be in form and substance as set forth in, and consistent with, the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

41. Consenting 2026 Senior Noteholders means those certain beneficial holders of, or investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, 2026 Senior Notes and are party to the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

42. Consenting 2028 Senior Noteholdersmeans those certain beneficial holders of, or investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, 2028 Senior Notes and are party to the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

43. Consenting 2029 Senior Noteholders means those certain beneficial holders of, or investment
advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, 2029 Senior Notes and are party to the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

44. Consenting Senior Noteholders means, collectively, the Consenting 2026 Senior Noteholders, the Consenting 2028
Senior Noteholders, and the Consenting 2029 Senior Noteholders. 

45. Consummation means the occurrence of the
Effective Date. 

46. Cure Cost means any amount required to cure any monetary default under any Executory
Contract or Unexpired Lease (or such lesser amount as may be agreed upon by parties to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease) that is assumed by the Debtors pursuant to sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

47. D&O Liability Insurance Policies means all insurance policies issued to or providing coverage at any time to
the Debtors for directors, managers, and officers liability existing as of the Petition Date (including any tail policy) and all agreements, documents, or instruments relating thereto. 

5 

48. Debtors has the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph of this Plan. 

49. Definitive Documents means (i) each of the documents in the Plan Supplement,
(ii) the Equity Rights Offering Documents, (iii) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, (iv) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, (v) the Confirmation Order, (vi) the Solicitation Materials and the
Solicitation Procedures Order, (vii) such other agreements and documentation reasonably desired or necessary to consummate and document the Restructuring Transactions, and (viii) any other document that has or may have a material or
adverse impact on the legal or economic rights of the Consenting Senior Noteholders; provided that each Definitive Document shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders (unless otherwise
provided for herein). 

50. DIP Agent means Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as administrative and
collateral agent for the DIP Lenders under the DIP Facility Documents, or any successor agents thereunder. 

51. DIP
Claims means any and all Claims against the Debtors related to, arising out of, arising under, or arising in connection with the DIP Facility Documents. 

52. DIP Credit Agreement means that certain credit agreement evidencing the DIP Facility by and among Cutera, Inc.,
as borrower, Crystal Sub, LLC as guarantor, the DIP Agent, and the DIP Lenders, as may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

53. DIP Facility means the $25 million, new-money, super-priority
secured term loan debtor in possession financing facility. 

54. DIP Facility Documents means the DIP Credit
Agreement, all agreements, notes, instruments, and any other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, including the DIP Agent fee letter and the DIP Orders, together with all documentation executed or delivered in connection
therewith as may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

55. DIP Lenders means the lenders from time to time under the DIP Credit Agreement, including their designees,
successors, and permitted assigns. 

56. DIP Orders means the Interim DIP Order and Final DIP Order. 

57. Direct Investment Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(b) of this Plan.

58. Disallowed means, with respect to any Claim, a Claim or any portion thereof that: (a) has been
disallowed by a Final Order; (b) is an Administrative Claim for which no request for payment of an Administrative Claim has been timely filed or deemed timely filed with the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to either the Bankruptcy Code or any Final
Order of the Bankruptcy Court or otherwise deemed timely filed under applicable law or the Plan; (c) has been withdrawn by agreement of the Debtors and the Holder thereof; or (d) has been withdrawn by the Holder thereof. 

6 

59. Disclosure Statement means the disclosure statement for this
Plan, including all exhibits and schedules thereto, as it may be amended from time to time, that is prepared and distributed in accordance with sections 1125, 1126(b), and 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rule 3018, and other applicable Law.

60. Disclosure Statement Order means the order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the Disclosure Statement,
which order may be a part of the Confirmation Order. 

61. Disputed means, with respect to any Claim or Interest,
except as otherwise provided herein, a Claim or Interest that has not been Allowed or Disallowed. 

62. Distribution
Date means the date on which Holders of Claims or Interests are eligible to receive distributions under this Plan, which date shall be the Effective Date, or such other date agreed to by the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior
Noteholders. 

63. DTC means the Depository Trust Company. 

64. Effective Date means the date that is the first day on which all conditions to the effectiveness of this Plan
set forth in Section 8.1 hereof have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of this Plan. 

65.
Entity has the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

66. Equity Rights
Offering means the equity rights offering to be consummated by the Reorganized Company on the Effective Date in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Documents, pursuant to which it shall issue shares of Reorganized Common Equity.

67. Equity Rights Offering Amount means $30 million. 

68. Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment means the commitment of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties
to fully backstop the Equity Rights Offering. 

69. Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement means
the backstop commitment agreement, as may be further amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, in accordance with its terms, entered into in connection with the Equity Rights Offering and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, which shall
be in the form and substance as attached to the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

70. Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Commitment Order means an order or orders of the Bankruptcy Court approving, among other things, (i) Cutera, Inc.s entry into and performance under the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, (ii) the
Equity Rights Offering and Equity Rights Offering Procedures, (iii) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures, and (iv) as Administrative Claims, the Put Option Premium. 

7 

71. Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties means the Holders of
Senior Notes Claims (and their permitted assigns) who have agreed, as applicable, to backstop the Equity Rights Offering Amount and Common Equity Convenience Buyout and to act as Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties, in each case pursuant to the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

72. Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium means an
amount equal to 10% of the Equity Rights Offering Amount, payable to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement (i) on the Effective Date, in Reorganized Common
Equity, issuable at the Equity Rights Offering Share Price, or (ii) if the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Date, in Cash in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment
Order. 

73. Equity Rights Offering Documents means, collectively, the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and
related subscription form, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, and other material documents necessary to implement the Equity Rights Offering. 

74. Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties means the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties who have agreed to
purchase their respective portions (pursuant to the terms of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) of the Holdback Rights Offering Amount. 

75. Equity Rights Offering Procedures means those certain rights offering procedures with respect to the Equity
Rights Offering, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

76. Equity Rights Offering Share Price means $7.55 per share, which reflects the plan equity value per share after
discounting by 35% the pre-Equity Rights Offering Amount proceeds valuation portion thereof. 

77.
Equity Rights Offering Shares means the shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering. 

78. Equity Security has the meaning set forth in section 101(16) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

79. Estate means, as to each Debtor, the estate created for the Debtor pursuant to section 541 of the Bankruptcy
Code upon the commencement of its Chapter 11 Case. 

8 

80. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, 15 U.S.C. 78a et seq., as now in effect or hereafter amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

81. Exculpated Partiesmeans, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Debtors. 

82. Executory Contract means a contract or lease to which one or more of the Debtors is a party that is subject to
assumption or rejection under sections 365 or 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

83. Existing Common Interests means
any Interest in Cutera, Inc. in existence immediately before the Effective Date. 

84. Exit Facility means the
exit term loan credit facility initially consisting of (a) an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to the principal amount the term loans outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents on the Effective Date (including (i) the amount
of any upfront payment payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents and (ii) the amount of any repayment premium payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents upon the repayment of the DIP Facility on such date, but excluding
(x) accrued and unpaid interest as of such date, (y) Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel, and (z) indemnification obligations
solely to the extent due and payable as of the Effective Date, which amounts in the foregoing clauses (x) through (z), for the avoidance of doubt, shall be paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date), which term loans issued under the Exit
Facility shall be funded on a cashless basis by rolling over such amounts outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents and (b) a $10 million new money term loan to be provided by the Exit Lenders on the Effective Date on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Exit Facility Documents. 

85. Exit Facility Documents means the agreements
memorializing the Exit Facility, including any amendments, modifications, supplements thereto, and together with any related notes, certificates, agreements, intercreditor agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, documents, and
instruments (including any amendments, restatements, supplements, or modifications of any of the foregoing) related to or executed in connection with the Exit Facility. 

86. Exit Lenders means the DIP Lenders on the Effective Date and the other lenders from time to time under the Exit
Facility, including their designees, successors, and permitted assigns. 

87. Federal Judgment Rate means the
federal judgment rate in effect as of the Petition Date. 

88. Final DIP Order means the Final Order of the
Bankruptcy Court approving the DIP Facility. 

9 

89. Final Order means, as applicable, an order, ruling, or
judgment of the Bankruptcy Court or any other court of competent jurisdiction, as applicable, which has not been reversed, vacated, or stayed and as to which the time to appeal, petition for certiorari, or move for reargument or rehearing has
expired and as to which no appeal, petition for certiorari, or motion for reargument or rehearing is pending, or as to which any right to appeal, petition for certiorari, reargue, or rehear has been waived in writing in form and substance
satisfactory to the Debtors or, on and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors or, in the event that an appeal, writ of certiorari, or reargument or rehearing thereof has been sought, such order of the Bankruptcy Court, or other court of
competent jurisdiction (as applicable) has been determined by the highest court to which such order was appealed, or certiorari, reargument or rehearing has been denied and the time to take any further appeal, petition for certiorari or move for
reargument or rehearing has expired; provided, however, that the possibility that a motion under Rule 59 or Rule 60 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any analogous rule under the Bankruptcy Rules or applicable state or provincial
court rules of civil procedure, may be filed with respect to such order, ruling, or judgment shall not cause an order, ruling, or judgment not to be a Final Order. 

90. General Unsecured Claims means any and all unsecured Claims (other than an Administrative Claim (including any
Professional Fee Claim or Put Option Premium Claim), an Intercompany Claim, a Senior Notes Claim, a Priority Tax Claim, an Other Priority Claim, or any Claim subject to subordination under section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy Code) against any Debtor,
including (a) Claims arising from the rejection of Unexpired Leases and Executory Contracts to which any Debtor is a party and (b) Claims arising from any litigation or other court, administrative, or regulatory proceeding, including
damages or judgments entered against, or settlement amounts owing by any Debtor related thereto. 

91. Governmental
Unit has the meaning set forth in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

92. Holdback Rights Offering
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(b) of this Plan. 

93.
Holder means the beneficial holder of, or investment advisor, sub-advisor, or manager of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, any Claim or Interest. 

94. Impaired means, with respect to a Claim or Interest, such Claim or Interest that falls within a Class of
Claims or Interests that is impaired within the meaning of section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

95. Indemnification
Obligation means the Debtors obligations to indemnify, reimburse, or otherwise hold financially harmless the Indemnified Parties with respect to or based upon any act or omission taken or omitted in any of the relevant
capacities, or for or on behalf of the Debtors, pursuant to and to the maximum extent provided by the Debtors certificates of incorporation, certificates of formation, bylaws and similar corporate documents, as in effect as of the Petition
Date. 

10 

96. Indemnified Parties means the Debtors current and former
directors, officers, managers, employees, attorneys, other professionals, and agents, and such current and former directors, officers, managers, and employees respective Affiliates to the extent set forth herein, that were
employed or served in such capacity on or after the Petition Date and that are entitled to be indemnified by the Debtors pursuant to, among other things, the Debtors bylaws, certificates of incorporation (or other formation documents), board
resolutions, employment contracts, or other agreements. 

97. Insurance Policies means all insurance policies,
including all D&O Liability Insurance Policies, that have been issued at any time that provide coverage, benefits, or proceeds to the Debtors (or their predecessors) and all agreements, documents, or instruments relating thereto. 

98. Intercompany Claims means any and all Claims against a Debtor held by any Debtor or direct or indirect
subsidiary of a Debtor. 

99. Intercompany Interests means any and all Equity Securities or other ownership
interests in an Affiliate of the Debtors held by one or more of the Debtors. 

100. Interestsmeans any
Equity Security or other ownership interest in any Debtor, including any and all issued, unissued, authorized, or outstanding shares of common stock, preferred stock, membership, limited liability company interests (whether certificated or
uncertificated), or partnership interests, or other instrument evidencing an ownership interest in any Debtor, whether or not transferable, together with any warrants, equity-based awards or contractual rights
to purchase or acquire such equity interests at any time and all rights arising with respect thereto. 

101. Interim DIP
Order means an order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the DIP Facility on an interim basis. 

102.
Law means any federal, state, local, or foreign law (including common law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, ruling, or judgment, in each case, that is validly adopted, promulgated, issued, or
entered by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction (including the Bankruptcy Court). 

103. Lien has
the meaning set forth in section 101(37) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

104. Management Incentive Plan means a
management incentive plan of the Reorganized Company to be implemented on the Effective Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Debtors and Required Consenting Senior Noteholders and filed with the Plan Supplement. 

105. New Organizational Documents means, on or after the Effective Date, the organizational and governance documents
for the Reorganized Company and the Reorganized Debtors, including, without limitation, certificates of incorporation (including any certificate of designations), certificates of formation or certificates of limited partnership (or equivalent
organizational documents), certificates of designation, bylaws, limited liability company agreements, shareholders agreements, and limited partnership agreements (or equivalent governing documents), as applicable, including the New
Shareholders Agreement, if any. 

11 

106. New Shareholders Agreement means any agreement entered into
by holders of Reorganized Common Equity governing the rights and obligations with respect to the Reorganized Common Equity. 

107.
Non-Holdback Rights Offering Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(b) of this Plan. 

108. Non-Voting Classes means Classes 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 of this Plan.

109. Notice and Claims Agent means Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC d/b/a Verita Global in its capacity as
noticing, claims, and solicitation agent for the Debtors. 

110. Opt-Out
Form means the form by which Holders of Claims and Interests in Non-Voting Classes may opt-out of becoming a Releasing Party by checking the applicable box
on such form. 

111. Other Priority Claims means any and all Claims against any of the Debtors entitled to
priority in right of payment under section 507(a) of the Bankruptcy Code that are not Administrative Claims or Priority Tax Claims. 

112.
Other Secured Claims means any and all Secured Claims against any of the Debtors that are not DIP Claims. 

113.
Person has the meaning set forth in section 101(41) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

114. Petition
Date means the date on which the Debtors filed petitions for relief commencing the Chapter 11 Cases. 

115.
Placement Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15 of this Plan. 

116.
Plan means this joint prepackaged plan of reorganization filed by the Debtors under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code that embodies the Restructuring Transactions, including all exhibits and schedules to this Plan, and any
Plan Supplement, as they may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Bankruptcy Code, and the Bankruptcy Rules. 

117. Plan Supplement means the compilation of documents and forms of documents, schedules, and exhibits to this
Plan, as the same may be amended, modified, or supplemented, and including, without limitation, the following: (a) the identity of the known members of the Reorganized Board and the nature and compensation for any director who is an
insider under the Bankruptcy Code; (b) the New Organizational Documents; (c) the Management Incentive Plan; (d) the Schedule of Retained Causes of Action; (e) the Schedule of Rejected Executory Contracts and Unexpired
Leases; (f) the Exit Facility Documents; (g) the Restructuring Transactions Memorandum, if any, (h) all exhibits, attachments, supplements, annexes, schedules, and ancillary documents related to each of the foregoing; and (i) any
additional documents filed with the Bankruptcy Court before the Effective Date as additional documents or amendments to the Plan Supplement; provided, that each Plan Supplement document shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders (unless otherwise provided for herein). 

12 

118. Priority Tax Claims means any and all Claims against a Debtor
of the kind specified in section 507(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

119. Professional Fee Claims means any and
all Claims of a Professional against a Debtor seeking a payment of compensation for services rendered or reimbursement of expenses incurred on or as of the Petition Date and through and including the Effective Date under sections 330, 331,
503(b)(2), 503(b)(3), 503(b)(4), or 503(b)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

120. Professional Fee Escrow Account
means an interest-bearing escrow account in an amount equal to the Professional Fee Reserve Amount to be funded and maintained by the Reorganized Debtors on and after the Effective Date solely for the purpose of paying all Allowed and unpaid
Professional Fee Claims. 

121. Professional Fee Reserve Amount means the aggregate accrued and unpaid
Professional Fee Claims through the Effective Date as reasonably estimated by the Retained Professionals in accordance with Article II of this Plan. 

122. Professionals means (a) any and all professionals employed in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to sections
327, 328, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise and (b) any and all professionals or other Entities seeking compensation or reimbursement of expenses in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to section 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy
Code. 

123. Pro-Rata Sharemeans with respect to any
distribution on account of any Allowed Claim in any Class, a distribution equal in amount to the ratio (expressed as a percentage) that the amount of such Allowed Claim bears to the aggregate amount of all Allowed Claims in such Class. 

124. Proof of Claimhas the meaning set forthin Bankruptcy Rule 3001, or a motion or request for
payment of fees, costs, or expenses made pursuant to section 503 of the Bankruptcy Code filed in the Chapter 11 Cases. 

125.
Put Option Premium means, collectively, (i) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium and (ii) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium. 

126. QIB means qualified institutional buyer, as that term is defined in the Securities Act. 

127. Reinstated or Reinstatement mean, with respect to Claims and Interests, the treatment
provided for in section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

13 

128. Related Parties means, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, with respect to any Entity, such Entitys predecessors, successors, assigns, and affiliates (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) and subsidiaries, and each of their respective managed accounts or funds or investment vehicles, and
each of their respective current and former equity holders (regardless of whether such equity interests are held directly or indirectly), officers, directors, managers, principals, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, advisory board
members, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, actuaries, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, management companies, fund advisors, direct and indirect parent Entities, controlling persons (within the meaning of the
federal securities law), heirs, administrators and executors, and other professionals, in each case acting in such capacity whether current or former, including in their capacity as directors of the Company, as applicable. 

129. Released Parties means, collectively, (a)(i) the Company, (ii) the Reorganized Debtors, (iii) the
Trustee, (iv) the DIP Lenders, (v) the DIP Agent, (vi) each Holder of a Senior Notes Claim that votes to accept the Plan, and does not affirmatively opt out of, or timely object to, the releases set forth in
Section 9.3 of the Plan, and (vii) the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders and each member thereof; (b) with respect to each of the foregoing Entities and Persons in clause (a), all of their
respective Related Parties to the maximum extent permitted by law; provided, that any Entity or Person that affirmatively opts out of, or timely objects either through (1) a formal objection filed on the docket of the Chapter 11
Cases or (2) an informal objection provided to the Debtors by electronic mail, and such objection is not resolved or withdrawn on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases or via electronic mail, as applicable, before Confirmation shall not be deemed
a Released Party. 

130. Releases means the releases given by the Releasing Parties to the Released Parties under
Article IX hereof. 

131. Releasing Parties means, collectively, each of the following in their capacity
as such: (i) all Holders of Claims or Interests that vote to accept the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases provided by the Plan, (ii) all Holders of Claims or Interests that are deemed to accept the Plan and who do
not affirmatively opt out of the releases provided by the Plan, (iii) all Holders of Claims or Interests that vote to reject the Plan or are deemed to reject the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases provided by the Plan,
(iv) all Holders of Claims or Interests who abstain from voting on the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases provided by the Plan; (v) each Released Party, (vi) each Related Party to each Entity in clause
(i) through (v) solely to the extent such Related Party may assert Claims or Causes of Action on behalf of or in a derivative capacity by or through an Entity in clause (i) through (v); provided, that, in each case, an Entity
shall not be a Releasing Party if it: (x) elects to opt out of the releases set forth in Section 9.3 of the Plan; or (y) timely objects to the releases set forth in Section 9.3 of the
Plan, either through (1) a formal objection filed on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases or (2) an informal objection provided to the Debtors by electronic mail, and such objection is not withdrawn on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases or
via electronic mail, as applicable, before Confirmation. 

132. Reorganized Board means the board of managers of
the Reorganized Company, as determined in accordance with the New Organizational Documents. 

14 

133. Reorganized Common Equity means the units of common stock or
other common equity Interests of the Reorganized Company authorized under the New Organizational Documents and issued pursuant to this Plan on the Effective Date. 

134. Reorganized Company means Cutera, Inc. and any successors thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, as
reorganized on or after the Effective Date. 

135. Reorganized Debtors means collectively, the Debtors and any
successors thereto, by consolidation, or otherwise, including, without limitation, the Reorganized Company, as reorganized on or after the Effective Date, in accordance with this Plan. 

136. Required Consenting Senior Noteholders means as of any date of determination, Consenting Senior Noteholders who
own or control as of such date at least 50.1% of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Senior Notes owned or controlled by all Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

137. Residual Fee Escrow Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this
Plan. 

138. Restructuring Expensesmeans the reasonable and documented prepetition and
postpetition fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred or accrued by the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholder Advisors (in each case payable in accordance
with the applicable fee reimbursement letters entered into by Cutera, Inc. and such professionals and to the extent not otherwise paid pursuant to the DIP Orders or DIP Facility Documents); in each case, without further order of, or application
to, the Bankruptcy Court by such consultant or professionals, including the requirement for the filing of retention applications, fee applications, or any other applications in the Chapter 11 Cases. 

139. Restructuring Support Agreement means that certain restructuring support agreement, dated as of March 4,
2025, by and among the Debtors and the Consenting Senior Noteholders, and any person or Entity that subsequently becomes a party thereto, including any exhibits thereto, as may be further amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, in
accordance with its terms. 

140. Restructuring Transactions means the transactions necessary to complete this
Plan, as further described in Section 4.3 hereof. 

141. Restructuring Transactions
Memorandum means a document which may be included in the Plan Supplement setting forth a summary of the transaction steps to complete the Restructuring Transactions. 

142. Retained Professional means an Entity: (a) employed in these Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to a Final Order in
accordance with sections 327, 363, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code and to be compensated for services rendered prior to or on the Effective Date pursuant to (i) sections 327, 328, 329, 330, or 331 of the Bankruptcy Code or (ii) an order
entered by the Bankruptcy Court authorizing such retention; or (b) for which compensation and reimbursement has been Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to section 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

15 

143. Schedule of Rejected Executory Contracts and
Unexpired Leases means the schedule of certain Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be rejected by the Debtors pursuant to this Plan. 

144. Schedule of Retained Causes of Action means the schedule of certain Causes of Action of the Debtors that are
not released, waived, or transferred pursuant to this Plan, as the same may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time. 

145.
Section 510(b) Claims means any Claim against any Debtor (i) arising from the rescission of a purchase or sale of a Security of a Debtor or any Affiliate of a Debtor; (ii) for
damages arising from the purchase or sale of such a Security; or (iii) for reimbursement or contribution Allowed under section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code on account of such Claim. 

146. Secured Claims means any and all Claims against any of the Debtors that are secured by a Lien on, or security
interest in, property in which any of the Debtors has an interest, or that has the benefit of rights of setoff under section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code, which Lien or right of setoff, as the case may be, is valid, perfected, and enforceable
under applicable law and is not subject to avoidance under the Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law, but only to the extent of the value of the Holders interest in the Debtors interest
in such property, or to the extent of the amount subject to setoff, which value shall be determined as provided in section 506 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

147. Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

148. Security has the meaning set forth in section 101(49) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

149. Senior Notes means, collectively, (i) the 2026 Senior Notes, (ii) the 2028 Senior Notes, and
(iii) the 2029 Senior Notes. 

150. Senior Notes Claim means any Claim on account of the Senior Notes. 

151. Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(c)(iii)2 of
this Plan. 

152. Senior Notes Claim Cash Option has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.3(c)(iii)2 of this Plan. 

153. Senior Notes Claim Equity Recoveryhas
the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(c)(iii)1 of this Plan. 

16 

154. Senior Notes Documents means the Senior Notes Indentures and
all related agreements and documents executed by the Debtors in connection with the Senior Notes Indentures, including the Senior Notes. 

155. Senior Notes Indentures means, collectively, (i) the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, (ii) the 2028
Senior Notes Indenture, and (iii) the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture. 

156. Solicitation Materials means
(i) the Ballot and applicable voting instructions, (ii) the Disclosure Statement and all exhibits thereto, including this Plan, the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and related subscription
forms, (iii) the Opt-Out Form, and (iv) any other documents necessary to effect or approve the solicitation of votes with respect to the Restructuring Transactions to be consummated pursuant to this
Plan, each of which shall be in form and substance as set forth in, and consistent with, the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

157.
Solicitation Procedures Order means any order(s) of the Bankruptcy Court approving, among other things, the Solicitation Materials and scheduling the Combined Hearing. 

158. Stamp or Similar Tax means any stamp tax, recording tax, personal property tax, conveyance fee, intangibles or
similar tax, real estate transfer tax, sales tax, use tax, transaction privilege tax, privilege taxes, and other similar taxes imposed or assessed by any Governmental Unit. 

159. Subscription Rights means the non-certified rights to purchase
Reorganized Common Equity issued in connection with the Equity Rights Offering. 

160. Surviving Senior Notes
Provisions means any provisions of the Senior Notes Documents that by their terms survive the termination of the Senior Notes Documents. 

161. Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, and its successors and assigns, in its capacity as
Trustee under the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, 2028 Senior Notes Indenture and 2029 Senior Notes Indenture, as applicable. 

162.
U.S. Trustee means the Office of the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas. 

163.
Unexpired Lease means a lease to which one or more of the Debtors is a party that is subject to assumption or rejection under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

164. Unimpaired means, with respect to any Claim or Interest, such Claim or Interest that is not Impaired. 

17 

Section 1.2 Rules of Interpretation and Computation of Time. 

(a) For purposes herein: (i) in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural, shall include both the
singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine, and the neuter gender; (ii) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to a contract, instrument, release,
indenture, or other agreement or document being in a particular form or on particular terms and conditions means that the referenced document shall be substantially in that form or substantially on those terms and conditions; (iii) unless
otherwise specified, any reference herein to an existing document or exhibit having been filed or to be filed shall mean that document or exhibit, as it may thereafter be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise
modified; (iv) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to Articles and Sections are references to Articles and Sections, respectively, of this Plan; (v) the words herein,
hereof, and hereto refer to this Plan in its entirety rather than to a particular portion of this Plan; (vi) the words include and including, and variations thereof, shall not be
deemed to be terms of limitations, and shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; (vii) references to shareholders, directors, or officers shall also include members or
managers, as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable state limited liability company Laws; (viii) captions and headings to Articles and Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended
to be a part of or to affect the interpretation hereof; and (ix) unless otherwise specified herein, the rules of construction set forth in section 102 of the Bankruptcy Code shall apply. 

(b) The provisions of Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a) shall apply in computing any period of time prescribed or allowed herein, unless otherwise
provided for herein. 

(c) All references in this Plan to monetary figures refer to currency of the United States of America, unless
otherwise expressly provided. 

(d) In the event of an inconsistency between this Plan and the Disclosure Statement, the terms of this Plan
shall control. In the event of an inconsistency between this Plan and the Confirmation Order, the Confirmation Order shall control. 

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, any and all consent rights set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement, including any amendments, restatements, supplements, or other modifications to such agreements and documents, and any
consents, waivers, or other deviations under or from any such documents, shall be incorporated herein by reference (including to the applicable definitions in Section 1.1 of the Plan) and be fully enforceable as if stated
in full in the Plan. Failure to reference in the Plan the rights referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall not impair such rights and obligations. In case of a conflict between the consent rights in the Plan and the consent rights in
the Restructuring Support Agreement, the consent rights in the Plan shall govern. 

ARTICLE II. 

UNCLASSIFIED CLAIMS 

In
accordance with section 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, Administrative Claims, Priority Tax Claims, Professional Fee Claims, and DIP Claims have not been classified and thus are excluded from the Classes of Claims and Interests set forth in
Article III hereof. 

18 

Section 2.1 Administrative Claims. 

(a) Unless otherwise agreed to by the Holder of an Allowed Administrative Claim and the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to
less favorable treatment, to the extent an Administrative Claim has not already been paid in full or otherwise satisfied during the Chapter 11 Cases, each Holder of an Allowed Administrative Claim shall receive in full and final satisfaction of its
Allowed Administrative Claim an amount of Cash equal to the unpaid portion of such Allowed Administrative Claim in accordance with the following: (i) if such Administrative Claim is Allowed on or prior to the Effective Date, on the Effective
Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (or, if not then due, when such Administrative Claim is due or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter); (ii) if such Administrative Claim is Allowed after the Effective Date, on the
date such Administrative Claim is Allowed or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; (iii) at such time and upon such terms as may be agreed upon by the Holder of such Allowed Administrative Claim and the Debtors or the Reorganized
Debtors, as applicable; or (iv) at such time and upon such terms as set forth in a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court. 

(b) All
requests for payment of an Administrative Claim (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, Put Option Premium Claims, or Professional Fee Claims) that accrued on or before the Effective Date that were not otherwise paid in the ordinary course
of business must be filed with the Bankruptcy Court and served on the Debtors no later than the Administrative Claims Bar Date. Holders of Administrative Claims (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, Put Option Premium Claims, or
Professional Fee Claims) that are required to, but do not, file and serve a request for payment of such Administrative Claims by the Administrative Claims Bar Date shall be forever barred, estopped, and enjoined from asserting such Administrative
Claims against the Debtors, the Estates, or the Reorganized Debtors, and such Administrative Claims shall be deemed discharged, compromised, settled, and released as of the Effective Date. 

(c) The Reorganized Debtors may settle Administrative Claims (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, and Put Option Premium Claims) in
the ordinary course of business without further Bankruptcy Court approval. The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, may also choose to object to any Administrative Claim (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, and Put Option
Premium Claims) no later than sixty (60) days after the Administrative Claims Bar Date, subject to extensions by the Bankruptcy Court, agreement in writing of the parties, or on motion of a party in interest approved by the Bankruptcy Court.
Unless the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors (or other party with standing) objects to a timely-filed and properly served Administrative Claim, such Administrative Claim shall be deemed Allowed in the amount requested. In the event that the Debtors
or the Reorganized Debtors (or other party with standing) objects to an Administrative Claim, the parties may confer to try to reach a settlement and, failing that, the Bankruptcy Court shall determine whether such Administrative Claim should be
allowed and, if so, in what amount. 

19 

Section 2.2 Priority Tax Claims. 

Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim agrees to a less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction,
settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for such Allowed Priority Tax Claim, each Holder of such Allowed Priority Tax Claim shall be treated in accordance with the terms set forth in section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code. To the
extent any Allowed Priority Tax Claim is not due and owing on or before the Effective Date, such Claim shall be paid on the later of (i) in accordance with the terms of any agreement between the Debtors and the Holder of such Allowed Priority
Tax Claim, (ii) when such Allowed Priority Tax Claim becomes due and payable under applicable non-bankruptcy Law, or (iii) in the ordinary course of business. On the Effective Date, any Liens
securing any Allowed Priority Tax Claims shall be deemed released, terminated, and extinguished, in each case without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy Court, act, or action under applicable law, regulation, order or rule, or the vote,
consent, authorization, or approval of any Person. 

Section 2.3 Professional Fee Claims. 

(a) All final requests for payment of Professional Fee Claims for services rendered and reimbursement of expenses must be filed no later than
the first Business Day that is sixty (60) days after the Effective Date. After notice and a hearing in accordance with the procedures established by the Bankruptcy Code and prior Bankruptcy Court orders, the Allowed amounts of such Professional
Fee Claims shall be determined by the Bankruptcy Court. 

(b) On or before the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall establish (if
not already established) and fund the Professional Fee Escrow Account with Cash equal to the Professional Fee Reserve Amount. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 2.3(b), the Professional Fee Escrow Account shall be
maintained in trust solely for the benefit of the Retained Professionals, and such funds shall not be considered property of the Debtors Estates, the Debtors, or the Reorganized Debtors. Subject to the last sentence of this
Section 2.3(b), no Liens, Claims, or Interests shall encumber the Professional Fee Escrow Account in any way; provided that Liens granted pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents and Exit Facility Documents, as
applicable, shall encumber amounts in the Professional Fee Escrow Account constituting the Residual Fee Escrow Interest. The Reorganized Debtors shall be obligated to pay Allowed Professional Fee Claims in excess of the Professional Fee Reserve
Amount. The amount of Professional Fee Claims owing to the Retained Professionals shall be paid in Cash to such Retained Professionals from funds held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account when such Professional Fee Claims are Allowed by a Final
Order of the Bankruptcy Court; provided that in the event the Professional Fee Reserve Amount is insufficient to satisfy the Professional Fee Claims, the Reorganized Debtors shall be required to satisfy the Allowed amounts of the remainder of
any outstanding Professional Fee Claims. When all such Allowed amounts owing to Retained Professionals have been paid in full, any remaining amount in the Professional Fee Escrow Account (the Residual Fee Escrow Interest) shall
promptly be paid to the Reorganized Debtors without any further action or order of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Entity. 

(c) The
Retained Professionals shall reasonably estimate in good faith their accrued Professional Fee Claims prior to and as of the Effective Date and shall deliver such estimate to the Debtors no later than three (3) Business Days before the
anticipated Effective Date; provided that such estimate shall not be considered an admission or limitation with respect to the fees and expenses of such Retained Professional. If a Retained Professional does not provide such estimate, the
Reorganized Debtors may estimate the unbilled fees and expenses of such Retained Professional; provided that such estimate shall not be considered an admission or limitation with 

20 

respect to the fees and expenses of such Retained Professional. The total amount estimated as of the Effective Date shall consist of the Professional Fee Reserve Amount; provided that the
Debtors shall use Cash on hand to increase the amount of the Professional Fee Escrow Account to the extent fee applications are filed after the Effective Date in excess of the amount held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account based on such
estimates. 

(d) From and after the Confirmation Date, but prior to the Effective Date, any requirement that Retained Professionals comply
with sections 327 through 331, 363, and 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code in seeking retention or compensation for services rendered after such date shall terminate, and the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) may employ and pay any Retained
Professional in the ordinary course of business without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. On and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall pay in Cash the reasonable and documented legal,
professional, or other fees and expenses incurred by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) after the Confirmation Date but prior to the Effective Date in the ordinary course of business and without any further notice to or action,
order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan. The Reorganized Debtors shall pay, within ten (10) Business Days after submission of a detailed invoice to the Reorganized Debtors, such
reasonable Claims for compensation or reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Retained Professionals of the Debtors after the Confirmation Date but prior to the Effective Date. If the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) dispute the
reasonableness of any such invoice, the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) or the affected professional may submit such dispute to the Bankruptcy Court for a determination of the reasonableness of any such invoice, and the disputed
portion of such invoice shall not be paid until the dispute is resolved. 

Section 2.4 DIP Claims. 

(a) The DIP Claims shall be Allowed Claims in the full amount outstanding under the DIP Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date, including
principal, interest, fees, costs, other charges, and expenses, and all other obligations related to the DIP Facility. 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed DIP Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, on the Effective Date, the Holders of all Allowed DIP Claims, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and
discharge of and in exchange for all such DIP Claims, shall receive (i) term loans issued under the Exit Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to the principal amount the term loans outstanding under the DIP Facility
Documents on the Effective Date (including (A) the amount of any upfront payment payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents and (B) the amount of any repayment premium payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents upon the repayment
of the DIP Facility on such date, but excluding (x) accrued and unpaid interest as of such date, (y) Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of
counsel, and (z) indemnification obligations solely to the extent due and payable as of the Effective Date payable in Cash on the Effective Date, which amounts in the foregoing clauses (x) through (z), for the avoidance of doubt, shall be
paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date), which term loans issued under the Exit Facility shall be funded on a cashless basis by rolling over such amounts outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents. 

21 

Section 2.5 Statutory Fees. 

The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall pay all quarterly fees under 28 U.S.C 1930(a), plus any interest due and
payable under 31 U.S.C. 3717 on all disbursements, including Plan payments and disbursements in and outside the ordinary course of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors business, for each quarter (including any fraction thereof)
until the Chapter 11 Cases are converted, dismissed, or closed, whichever occurs first. 

ARTICLE III. 

CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS 

Section 3.1 Classification of Claims.2

(a) In accordance with section 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors have not classified Administrative Claims (including
Professional Fee Claims and Put Option Premium Claims), Priority Tax Claims, and DIP Claims, as described in Article II hereof. 

(b) All Claims and Interests required to be classified pursuant to section 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code are set forth below. Such
classification is for all purposes, including for purposes of voting, Confirmation, and distribution pursuant to this Plan. 

Section 3.2 Class Identification. 

The following chart sets forth the classification of the Claims against and Interests in each Debtor, whether that Class of Claims or
Interests is Impaired, and the voting rights of the members of such Class. 

Class 

Claims and Interests 

Status 

Voting Rights

1 Other Secured Claims Unimpaired Not Entitled to Vote (Presumed to Accept)

2 Other Priority Claims Unimpaired Not Entitled to Vote (Presumed to Accept)

3 Senior Notes Claims Impaired Entitled to Vote

4 General Unsecured Claims Unimpaired Not Entitled to Vote (Presumed to Accept)

5 Intercompany Claims Unimpaired / Impaired Not Entitled to Vote (Presumed to Accept) / Deemed to Reject)

6 Intercompany Interests Unimpaired / Impaired Not Entitled to Vote (Presumed to Accept) / Deemed to Reject

6 Existing Common Interests Impaired Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject)

7 Section 510(b) Claims Impaired Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject)

2 

The Debtors reserve the right to separately classify Claims to the extent necessary to comply with any
requirements under the Bankruptcy Code or applicable Law. 

22 

Section 3.3 Treatment and Voting Rights of Claims and Interests. 

Except to the extent that the Debtors and a Holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest, as applicable, agree to less favorable treatment,
such Holder shall receive under this Plan the treatment described below in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of, and in exchange for, such Holders Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest. Unless otherwise indicated, the
Holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest, as applicable, shall receive such treatment on the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, or, if payment is not due, in accordance with its terms in the ordinary course.

(a) 

Class 1Other Secured Claims.

(i) 

Classification: Class 1 consists of all Other Secured Claims. 

(ii) 

Treatment: Subject to the conditions described in the first paragraph of
Section 3.3 of this Plan, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim shall receive, at the election of the Debtor: (A) payment in full in Cash of the unpaid portion of its Allowed Other
Secured Claim; (B) the collateral securing its Allowed Other Secured Claim; (C) Reinstatement of its Allowed Other Secured Claim; or (D) such other treatment rendering its Allowed Other Secured Claim Unimpaired in accordance with
section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 1 is Unimpaired under this Plan. Holders of Allowed Other Secured
Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Thus, Holders of Allowed Other Secured Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

(b) 

Class 2Other Priority Claims.

(i) 

Classification: Class 2 consists of all Other Priority Claims. 

(ii) 

Treatment: Subject to the conditions described in the first paragraph of
Section 3.3 of this Plan, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim shall receive treatment in a manner consistent with Section 1129(a)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

23 

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 2 is Unimpaired under this Plan. Holders of Allowed Other Priority
Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Thus, Holders of Allowed Other Priority Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

(c) 

Class 3Senior Notes Claims.

(i) 

Classification: Class 3 consists of Senior Notes Claims. 

(ii) 

Allowed Amount: The Senior Notes Claims shall be Allowed in an amount not less than $429,125,000
of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest owed under the Senior Notes Indentures through the Petition Date. 

(iii) 

Treatment:Subject to the conditions described in the first paragraph of
Section 3.3 of this Plan, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim shall receive either: 

1. 

(A) its Pro-Rata Share of 100% of the Reorganized Common Equity,
subject to dilution from the Equity Rights Offering, the Put Option Premium, and Management Incentive Plan; and (B) the right to participate in the Equity Rights Offering for its Pro-Rata Share of the Non-Holdback Rights Offering Amount ((A) and (B), collectively, the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery);or 

2. 

if such Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim elects to participate in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout
(the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option), in lieu of all of its Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery, (A) Cash in an amount (the Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount) equal to the product of the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout Share Price times the number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity such Holder was entitled to receive pursuant to clause (A) of the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery (the
Cash-Out Shares), with the number of Cash-Out Shares of such Holder subject to reduction on a pro rata basis to ensure the aggregate Senior
Notes Claim Cash Amount does not exceed the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap (the Cash-Out Reduction) and (B) to the extent the Cash-Out
Reduction occurs, shares of Reorganized Common Equity equal to the number of Cash-Out Shares of such Holder that were reduced in accordance with the Cash-Out Reduction;

provided that only those Holders which vote to accept the Plan are eligible to exercise the Senior Notes Claim
Cash Option, absent the consent of the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

24 

(iv) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 3 is Impaired under this Plan. Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims
are entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

(d) 

Class 4General Unsecured Claims.

(i) 

Classification: Class 4 consists of all General Unsecured Claims. 

(ii) 

Treatment: Subject to the conditions described in the first paragraph of
Section 3.3 of this Plan, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim shall (1) receive payment in full in Cash of the unpaid portion of its Allowed General Unsecured Claim paid on the
later of (A) the Effective Date and (B) in the ordinary course of business, (2) have its Allowed General Unsecured Claim Reinstated, or (3) receive such other treatment in rendering its Allowed General Unsecured Claim Unimpaired
in accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 4 is Unimpaired under this Plan. Holders of Allowed General Unsecured
Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Thus, Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

(e) 

Class 5Intercompany Claims.

(i) 

Classification: Class 5 consists of all Intercompany Claims. 

(ii) 

Treatment: On the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Intercompany Claim shall have its Claim
either reinstated, converted to equity, or otherwise set off, settled, distributed, contributed, cancelled or released without any distribution, at the Debtors election with the reasonable consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders.

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 5 is either Impaired with no distribution or Unimpaired under this
Plan. Holders of Allowed Intercompany Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code or deemed to not have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. In
either case, Holders of Allowed Intercompany Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

25 

(f) 

Class 6Intercompany Interests.

(i) 

Classification: Class 6 consists of all Intercompany Interests 

(ii) 

Treatment:On the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Intercompany Interest in the Debtors
shall have its Interest (1) Reinstated or (2) cancelled, released, and extinguished and without any distribution at the Debtors election. 

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 6 is either Impaired with no distribution or Unimpaired under this
Plan. Holders of Allowed Intercompany Interests in the Debtors are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code or deemed to not have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the
Bankruptcy Code. In either case, Holders of Allowed Intercompany Interests are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

(g) 

Class 7Existing Common Interests.

(i) 

Classification: Class 7 consists of all Existing Common Interests. 

(ii) 

Treatment: On the Effective Date, all Existing Common Interests shall be cancelled, released, and
extinguished, and Holders of Existing Common Interests shall not receive or retain any property or distributions under this Plan. 

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 7 is Impaired under this Plan. Holders of Allowed Existing Common
Interests are deemed to not have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Thus, Holders of Allowed Existing Common Interests will not be entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

(h) 

Class 8Section 510(b) Claims.

(i) 

Classification: Class 8 consists of all Section 510(b) Claims. 

(ii) 

Treatment: Section 510(b) Claims shall be cancelled, released, discharged, and extinguished as of
the Effective Date and shall be of no further force or effect, and Holders of Section 510(b) Claims shall not receive any distribution on account of such Section 510(b) Claims. 

(iii) 

Impairment and Voting: Class 8 is Impaired under this Plan. Holders of Allowed Section 510(b)
Claims are deemed to not have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Thus, Holders of Allowed Section 510(b) Claims will not be entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. 

26 

Section 3.4 Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, the DIP Orders, or the DIP Facility Documents, nothing under this Plan shall affect the
Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors rights in respect of any Unimpaired Claim, including, but not limited to, all rights in respect of legal and equitable defenses to or setoffs or recoupments against any such Unimpaired Claim. 

Section 3.5 Voting; Presumptions; Solicitation. 

(a) Acceptance by Certain Impaired Classes. Only Holders of Allowed Claims in Class 3 are entitled to vote to accept or reject
this Plan. An Impaired Class of Claims shall have accepted this Plan if (i) the Holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) in amount of the Allowed Claims actually voting in such Class have voted to
accept this Plan and (ii) the Holders of more than one-half (1/2) in number of the Allowed Claims actually voting in such Class have voted to accept this Plan. Holders of Allowed Claims or Interests
in Class 3 have received Ballots containing detailed voting instructions. 

(b) Conclusively Presumed Acceptance by Unimpaired
Classes. Holders of Claims in Classes 1, 2, and 4, and certain Holders of Claims in Class 5 are conclusively presumed to accept this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Accordingly, such Holders are not entitled to vote
to accept or reject this Plan. 

(c) Deemed Not to Accept by Certain Impaired Classes. Holders of Claims in Classes 7 and 8, certain
Holders of Claims in Class 5, and certain Holders of Interests in Class 6 are deemed not to accept this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Accordingly, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this
Plan. 

(d) Disputes Regarding Impairment. If a Holder of a Claim or Interest disputes the classification of such Holders
Claim or Interest, then upon the filing of an objection to the Plan by such Holder, the Bankruptcy Court shall, after notice and a hearing, determine the proper classification of such Claim or Interest on or before the Confirmation Date. 

Section 3.6 Nonconsensual Confirmation. 

Because certain Classes of Claims or Interests are deemed not to vote to accept this Plan, the Debtors will seek Confirmation of this Plan
under section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Section 3.7 Subordinated Claims. 

The allowance, classification, and treatment of all Allowed Claims and Interests, and the respective distributions and treatments under this
Plan, shall take into account and conform to the relative priority and rights of the Claims and Interests in each Class in connection with any contractual, legal, and equitable subordination rights relating thereto, whether arising under
general principles of equitable subordination, section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise. Pursuant to section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, except where otherwise provided herein, the Debtors reserve the right to reclassify any Allowed Claim or
Interest in accordance with any contractual, legal, or equitable subordination rights relating thereto. 

27 

Section 3.8 Vacant Classes. 

Any Class of Claims or Interests that does not have a Holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest or a Claim or Interest temporarily
Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court as of the date of the Combined Hearing shall not be deemed to have voted on this Plan for purposes of determining acceptance or rejection of this Plan by such Class pursuant to section 1129(a)(8) of the
Bankruptcy Code. 

Section 3.9 No Waiver. 

Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed to waive the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors right to object on any basis to any
Claim, including after the Effective Date. 

ARTICLE IV. 

MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN 

Section 4.1 Compromise or Settlement of Controversies. 

(a) Other than as specifically set forth herein, this Plan shall be deemed a motion to approve the good-faith compromise and settlement of all
Claims, Interests, Causes of Action, and controversies, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, and the entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of such compromise and settlement under Bankruptcy Rule 9019, as
well as a finding by the Bankruptcy Court that such settlement and compromise is fair, equitable, reasonable, and in the best interests of the Debtors and their Estates. Subject to Article VI hereof, all distributions made to Holders of
Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests (as applicable) in any Class are intended to be and shall be final. 

(b) Pursuant to section
1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019, and in consideration for the classifications, distributions, releases, and other benefits provided under this Plan, upon the Effective Date, the provisions of this Plan shall constitute a good
faith compromise and settlement of all Claims, Interests, Causes of Action, and controversies resolved under this Plan, and the entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of such compromise and settlement
under Bankruptcy Rule 9019. 

Section 4.2 Sources of Consideration for Plan Distribution. 

(a) The Debtors shall fund distributions under this Plan with: (1) Cash on hand, including Cash from operations; (2) the proceeds of
the Exit Facility; (3) the proceeds of the Equity Rights Offering (including the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment); and (4) the amounts being funded by the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties to fund the Senior Notes Claim
Cash Amount related to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout in an amount up to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap. Cash payments to be made pursuant to this Plan will be made by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors. The Reorganized Debtors
shall be entitled to transfer funds between and among their affiliates as they determine to be necessary or appropriate to enable the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors to satisfy their obligations under this Plan. Except as set forth herein, any
changes in intercompany account balances resulting from such transfers shall be accounted for and settled in accordance with the Debtors historical intercompany account settlement practices and shall not violate the terms of this Plan. 

28 

(b) From and after the Effective Date, subject to any applicable limitations set forth in
any post-Effective Date agreement (including, without limitation, the Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, and the New Organizational Documents), the Reorganized Debtors shall have the right and authority without further
order of the Bankruptcy Court to raise additional capital and obtain additional financing as the Reorganized Board (or other applicable governing body) deems appropriate. 

Section 4.3 Restructuring Transactions. 

Following the Confirmation Date and subject to any applicable limitations set forth in any post-Effective Date agreements, the Debtors and the
Reorganized Debtors may take all actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect any transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate this Plan (the Restructuring Transactions),
including but not limited to: (a) the execution and delivery of appropriate agreements or other documents of reorganization containing terms that are consistent with the terms of this Plan and that satisfy the requirements of applicable Law;
(b) the execution and delivery of appropriate instruments of transfer, assignment, assumption, or delegation of any property, right, liability, duty, or obligation on terms consistent with the terms of this Plan; (c) the filing of
appropriate certificates of conversion, formation or incorporation or consolidation with the appropriate governmental authorities pursuant to applicable Law; (d) the execution, delivery, and filing, if applicable, of the Equity Rights Offering
Documents, Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and Exit Facility Documents; (e) such other transactions that are required to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions including any mergers, consolidations, restructurings, conversions,
dispositions, transfers, formations, organizations, dissolutions, or liquidations; and (f) all other actions that the Reorganized Debtors reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate. For the purposes of effectuating this Plan, none of the
Restructuring Transactions contemplated herein shall constitute a change of control under any agreement, contract, or document of the Debtors. 

Section 4.4 Continued Corporate Existence. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, or as otherwise may be agreed between the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders,
each Debtor, as a Reorganized Debtor, shall continue to exist on and after the Effective Date as a separate legal Entity with all of the powers available to such legal Entity under applicable Law and pursuant to the New Organizational Documents,
without prejudice to any right to alter or terminate such existence (whether by merger or otherwise) in accordance with such applicable Law. On or after the Effective Date, without prejudice to the rights of any party to a contract or other
agreement with a Reorganized Debtor, each Reorganized Debtor may, without the need for approval of the Bankruptcy Court and free of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or Bankruptcy Rules, take such action as permitted by applicable Law, and
such Reorganized Debtors organizational documents, as such Reorganized Debtor may determine is reasonable and appropriate, including, without limitation, causing: (a) the Reorganized Debtor to be merged into another Debtor or one or more
of its Affiliates; (b) the Reorganized Debtor to be dissolved; (c) the conversion of the Reorganized Debtor from one entity type to another entity type; (d) the legal name of the Reorganized Debtor to be changed; (e) the closure
of the Reorganized Debtors Chapter 11 Case on the Effective Date or any time thereafter; or (f) the reincorporation of the Reorganized Debtor under the Law of a jurisdiction other than the Law under which the Debtor is currently
incorporated. 

29 

Section 4.5 Private Company 

The Reorganized Company (a) shall emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases on the Effective Date as a private company and the Reorganized Common
Equity shall not be listed on a public stock exchange, (b) shall not be a public reporting company pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, nor shall it be voluntarily subjected to any reporting
requirements promulgated by the SEC, and (c) shall not be required to list the Reorganized Common Equity on a U.S. or any foreign stock exchange. To the extent the following actions have not been completed on or prior to the Effective Date, the
Reorganized Company shall (i) take all actions reasonably necessary or desirable to delist the Existing Common Interests from the Nasdaq Global Select Market and to deregister under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable in compliance with
SEC rules, (ii) file post-effective amendments to terminate all of the Companys and Reorganized Companys effective registration statements under the Securities Act and deregister any and all unsold securities thereunder,
(iii) file a Form 15 to terminate the Debtors registration under the Exchange Act and to suspend the Debtors reporting obligations under the Exchange Act with respect to the Existing Common Interests, and (iv) take all actions
reasonably necessary or desirable to ensure (A) that the Reorganized Common Equity shall not be listed on a public securities exchange and that the Reorganized Debtors shall not be required to list the Reorganized Common Equity on a recognized
securities exchange, except, in each case, as otherwise may be required pursuant to the New Organizational Documents, as applicable, and (B) that the Reorganized Debtors shall not be voluntarily subjected to any reporting requirements
promulgated by the SEC. 

Section 4.6 Corporate Action. 

(a) On the Effective Date, all actions contemplated by this Plan and the Restructuring Transactions shall be deemed authorized and approved in
all respects, including: (i) the selection of the managers or directors, as applicable, and officers of the Reorganized Debtors; (ii) the issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity under this Plan, including pursuant to the Equity Rights
Offering and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, and any related fees in connection therewith; (iii) the execution and entry into the Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the New Organizational Documents, and the
Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents; and (iv) all other actions contemplated by this Plan (whether to occur before, on, or after the Effective Date) or Restructuring Transactions, and all such actions taken or caused to be taken shall be
deemed to have been authorized and approved by the Bankruptcy Court. All matters provided for in this Plan involving the corporate structure of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors and any corporate action required by the Debtors or the
Reorganized Debtors in connection with this Plan shall be deemed to have timely occurred and shall be in effect and shall be authorized and approved in all respects, without any requirement of further action by the security holders, directors, or
officers of the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, or otherwise. 

30 

(b) On or (as applicable) before the Effective Date, the appropriate officers of the Debtors
or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall be authorized and, as applicable, directed, to issue, execute, and deliver the agreements, documents, securities, certificates of conversion, certificates of formation, certificates of incorporation,
operating agreements, and instruments contemplated by this Plan (or necessary or desirable to effect the transactions contemplated by this Plan) in the name of and on behalf of the Reorganized Debtors, including the New Organizational Documents, the
Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and any and all agreements, documents, securities, and instruments relating to the foregoing. 

(c) The authorizations and approvals contemplated by this Section 4.6 shall be effective notwithstanding any
requirements under non-bankruptcy Law. 

Section 4.7 Vesting of Assets. 

Except as otherwise provided in (a) this Plan, (b) the Confirmation Order, (c) with respect to the Liens securing the DIP
Facility, which Liens shall be retained by the DIP Agent to secure the Exit Facility and any remaining obligations under the DIP Facility, or (d) any agreement, instrument, or other document incorporated in, or entered into in connection with
or pursuant to the Plan or the Plan Supplement, on the Effective Date, all property of the Estates of the Debtors, including all Claims, Intercompany Interests, rights, and Causes of Action, and any property acquired by the Debtors under or in
connection with this Plan, shall vest in the Reorganized Debtors free and clear of all Claims, Liens, charges, other encumbrances, and interests. Subject to the terms of this Plan, on and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may operate
their businesses and may use, acquire, and dispose of property and prosecute, compromise, or settle any Claims (including any Administrative Claims), Intercompany Interests, and Causes of Action without supervision of or approval by the Bankruptcy
Court and free and clear of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules. 

Section 4.8 Indemnification
Provisions in Organizational Documents. 

Any D&O Liability Insurance Policies (including, without limitation, any tail
policy and all agreements, documents, or instruments related thereto) pursuant to which any of the Debtors current or former directors, officers, managers, or other employees are insured shall remain in force through the expiration of
any such Insurance Policy (or tail policy, as applicable). 

On or before the Effective Date, to the extent not already
obtained, the Debtors shall obtain a new D&O Liability Insurance Policy and a tail policy for the existing D&O Liability Insurance Policy for the benefit of the Debtors current and former directors, officers, managers, or
other employees on terms no less favorable than the Debtors existing director, officer, manager, and employee coverage and with an available aggregate limit of liability upon the Effective Date of no less than the aggregate limit of liability
under the existing director, officer, manager, and employee coverage upon placement, and at an expense reasonably acceptable to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. Alternatively, if the D&O Liability Insurance Policy has
not expired, the Debtors shall assume (and assign to the Reorganized Debtors if necessary), pursuant to section 365(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, pursuant to the terms of the Plan and Confirmation Order, the D&O Liability Insurance Policy. 

31 

All Indemnification Obligations (and provisions) currently in place (whether in the by-laws, certificates of incorporation, articles of limited partnership, limited liability company agreements, board resolutions, management agreements or employment or indemnification contracts, or otherwise) for
the current and former directors, officers, employees, attorneys, other professionals, and agents of the Debtors and such current and former directors and officers respective affiliates shall be assumed by the Debtors pursuant to the
provisions in Article V herein, to the extent assumable, and shall remain obligations of the Reorganized Debtors, irrespective of when such obligation arose. 

No Reorganized Debtor shall amend or restate its certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or similar organizational document after the Effective
Date to terminate or materially adversely affect (a) any Reorganized Debtors obligations referred to in this Section 4.8 or (b) the rights of such managers, directors, officers, employees, or agents referred
to in this Section 4.8. 

Section 4.9 Cancellation of Existing Securities and Agreements. 

(a) On the Effective Date, except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Plan or the Confirmation Order, including, for the avoidance
of doubt, with respect to the Exit Facility Documents and the Liens securing the DIP Facility, which Liens shall be retained by the DIP Agent to secure the Exit Facility and any remaining obligations under the DIP Facility: (i) the obligations
of the Debtors under any certificate, share, note, bond, agreement, indenture, purchase right, option, warrant, or other instrument or document directly or indirectly evidencing or creating any indebtedness or obligation of or ownership interest in
the Debtors giving rise to any Claim or Interest (except such certificates, notes, or other instruments or documents evidencing indebtedness or obligations of the Debtors that are specifically Reinstated pursuant to this Plan, if any) shall be
cancelled, terminated and of no further force or effect, without further act or action, and the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors shall not have any continuing obligations thereunder, except, with respect to the Senior Notes Documents, as
necessary to (a) enforce the rights, claims and interests of the applicable Trustee and any predecessor thereof vis-a-vis parties other than the Released Parties;
(b) allow the receipt of and to make distributions under the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Senior Notes Documents, as applicable; (c) to permit the applicable Trustee to preserve any rights of the applicable Trustee and any
predecessor thereof as against any money or property distributable to Holders of Senior Notes Claims; and (d) allow the applicable Trustee to appear and participate in the Chapter 11 Cases or any other proceeding with respect to clauses
(a) through (c) above, as applicable, and any other proceedings or appeals related to the Plan; and (ii) the obligations of the Debtors pursuant, relating, or pertaining to any agreements, certificates of designation, bylaws or certificate
or articles of incorporation or similar documents governing the shares, certificates, notes, bonds, purchase rights, options, warrants, or other instruments or documents evidencing or creating any indebtedness or obligation of or ownership interest
in the Debtors (except such agreements, certificates, notes, or other instruments evidencing indebtedness or obligations of the Debtors that are specifically Reinstated or assumed pursuant to this Plan, if any) shall be released and discharged;
provided, that notwithstanding Confirmation or the occurrence of the Effective Date, any agreement that governs the rights of a Holder of a Senior Notes Claim shall also continue in effect to allow the applicable Trustee to appear and be
heard in the Chapter 11 Cases or in any proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court or any other court to enforce 

32 

the respective obligations owed to such parties under the Plan. Holders of or parties to such cancelled or terminated certificates, shares, notes, bonds, agreements, indentures, purchase rights,
options, warrants, or other instruments or documents directly or indirectly evidencing or creating any indebtedness or obligation of or ownership interest in the Debtors giving rise to any Claim or Interest shall have no rights arising from or
related thereto, or the cancellation thereof, except the rights, distributions, and treatment provided for pursuant to this Plan or the Confirmation Order. 

(b) Notwithstanding such cancellation and discharge, subject to the applicable provisions of this Plan and the Confirmation Order: 

(i) 

The interests of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, in their direct and indirect subsidiaries
shall remain unaffected by this Plan. 

(ii) 

The DIP Facility Documents shall continue in effect solely for purposes of allowing the DIP Agent to
(A) receive distributions from the Debtors under this Plan and to make further distributions to the Holders of the DIP Claims on account of such DIP Claims, as set forth in Article VI hereof; (B) enforce its interests with respect
to the DIP Lenders; (C) enforce its rights to payment of fees, expenses, and indemnification obligations as against any money or property distributable to Holders of DIP Claims, including any rights to priority of payment with respect to the
DIP Lenders; and (D) appear and be heard in the Bankruptcy Court or in any other court of competent jurisdiction to enforce any obligation owed to the DIP Agent or Holders of DIP Claims under this Plan. 

Except for the foregoing, subject to the performance by the applicable Trustee and the DIP Agent of their obligations under the Plan, such Trustee and DIP
Agent and their agents shall be relieved of all further duties and responsibilities related to the Senior Notes Documents upon the occurrence of the Effective Date (provided, that the Surviving Senior Notes Provisions shall survive in
accordance with the terms of the Senior Notes Documents). 

Section 4.10Cancellation of Certain
Existing Security Interests. 

(a) Upon the full payment or other satisfaction of an Allowed Other Secured Claim or Allowed DIP Claim
or promptly thereafter, the Holder of such Claims shall deliver to the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, any collateral or other property of the Debtors held by such Holder, together with any termination statements, instruments of
satisfaction, or releases of all security interests with respect to its Claims that may be reasonably required to terminate any related financing statements, guaranties, mortgages, mechanics or other Liens, or lis pendens, or similar
interests or documents. 

(b) Furthermore, upon full payment or other satisfaction of the foregoing Claims, on or after the Effective Date,
the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, at their expense, may, in their sole discretion, take any action necessary to terminate, cancel, extinguish, or evidence the release of any and all guaranties, mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, and
other security interests with respect to such Claims, including, without limitation, the preparation and filing of any and all documents necessary to terminate, satisfy, or release any guaranties, mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, and other
security interests, including, without limitation, UCC-3 termination statements. 

33 

Section 4.11Approval of the Exit Facility and the Exit
Facility Documents. 

(a) On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors funded debt shall consist of the Exit Facility. The
Reorganized Debtors may use the Exit Facility for any purpose permitted by the Exit Facility Documents, including the funding of obligations under this Plan and satisfaction of ongoing working capital needs. 

(b) Confirmation of this Plan shall be deemed to constitute approval of the Exit Facility, the Exit Facility Documents (including all
transactions contemplated thereby, such as any supplementation or additional syndication of the Exit Facility, and all actions to be taken, undertakings to be made and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection therewith,
including the payment of all fees, indemnities, and expenses provided for therein), and, subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, authorization for the Reorganized Debtors to enter into and perform their obligations under the Exit Facility
Documents, and such other documents as may be reasonably required or appropriate, in each case, in accordance therewith. 

(c) The Exit
Facility Documents shall constitute legal, valid, binding, and authorized obligations of the Reorganized Debtors, enforceable in accordance with their terms. The financial accommodations to be extended pursuant to the Exit Facility Documents are
being extended, and shall be deemed to have been extended, in good faith, for legitimate business purposes, are reasonable, shall not be subject to avoidance, recharacterization, or subordination (including equitable subordination) for any purposes
whatsoever, and shall not constitute preferential transfers, fraudulent conveyances, or other voidable transfers under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable non-bankruptcy Law. 

(d) On the Effective Date, all of the Liens and security interests granted or to be granted in accordance with the Exit Facility Documents
shall: (i) be legal, binding, and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, the collateral granted thereunder in accordance with the terms of the Exit Facility Documents; (ii) be deemed automatically, without any further action
being required by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or any of the lenders under the Exit Facility, perfected on the Effective Date on a first-priority basis, subject only to (solely with respect to the first-priority nature of such Liens and
security interests) such Liens and security interests as may be permitted to be senior thereto under the Exit Facility Documents; and (iii) not be subject to avoidance, recharacterization, or subordination (including equitable subordination)
for any purposes whatsoever and shall not constitute preferential transfers, fraudulent conveyances, or other voidable transfers under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable non-bankruptcy Law. The Reorganized
Debtors and the Entities granting such Liens and security interests are authorized to make all filings and recordings, and to obtain all governmental approvals and consents necessary to establish and perfect such Liens and security interests under
the provisions of the applicable state, provincial, federal, or other Law (whether domestic or foreign) that would be applicable in the absence of this Plan and the Confirmation Order (it being understood that perfection shall occur automatically by
virtue of the entry of the Confirmation Order, and any such filings, recordings, approvals, and consents shall not be required), and will thereafter cooperate to make all other filings and recordings that otherwise would be necessary under
applicable Law to give notice of such Liens and security interests to third parties. 

34 

Section 4.12 Issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity. 

(a) Units of the Reorganized Common Equity (including the Direct Investment Shares and the Reorganized Common Equity issuable as Senior Notes
Claim Equity Recovery or (i) upon the exercise of the Subscription Rights in the Equity Rights Offering, (ii) on account of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium, and the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout Premium, or (iii) in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, as applicable) shall be authorized under the New Organizational Documents. Units of the Reorganized Common Equity shall be issued on the Effective Date and
distributed as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with this Plan. All such Reorganized Common Equity issuable in accordance with this Plan, when so issued, shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. The issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity is authorized without the need for any further corporate action and without any further action by any Holder of a Claim or Interest. All Holders of
Reorganized Common Equity, however issued, shall be deemed to be a party to, and bound by, the New Shareholders Agreement and the other applicable New Organizational Documents, in accordance with their terms, without the requirement to execute a
signature page thereto. 

(b) All Existing Common Interests outstanding prior to Consummation (including all rights exchangeable or
exercisable for shares of Existing Common Interests) shall be extinguished upon Consummation, and Holders thereof shall not receive any payment or property on account of any such shares of capital stock. 

Section 4.13 Rights Offering. 

(a) The Equity Rights Offering shall be conducted by the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors and consummated in accordance with this Plan and on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and the related subscription form and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. The Equity Rights Offering shall be fully backstopped by the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

(b) In accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Procedures, the Debtors shall distribute the Subscription Rights to holders of Senior Notes
Claims to purchase Reorganized Common Equity in an amount equal to the Equity Rights Offering Amount. In accordance with this Plan, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, and the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and the related
subscription form, (i) each Holder of a Senior Notes Claim shall be offered Subscription Rights entitling it to subscribe for and purchase its Pro-Rata Share of shares of Reorganized Common Equity in an
aggregate amount equal to 55% of the Equity Rights Offering Amount (exclusive of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium) (such amount, the Non-Holdback Rights Offering Amount), and
(ii) the Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties will agree to purchase (based on the respective amounts and percentages applicable thereto as set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) their respective portion of

35 

shares of Reorganized Common Equity in the Equity Rights Offering in an aggregate amount equal to 45% of the Equity Rights Offering Amount (exclusive of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Premium) (such amount, the Holdback Rights Offering Amount and such aggregate number of Equity Rights Offering Shares to be purchased on account of the Holdback Rights Offering Amount, the Direct Investment
Shares). The Equity Rights Offering Shares will be offered in the Equity Rights Offering for Cash at the Equity Rights Offering Share Price, which reflects the plan equity value per share after discounting by 35% the pre-rights offering proceeds valuation portion thereof. 

(c) The Subscription Rights are not detachable
from the Senior Notes Claims and may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated, participated, donated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of, directly or indirectly (including through derivatives, options, swaps, forward sales or
other transactions in which any person receives the right to own or acquire any current or future interest in the Subscription Rights) (such acts, collectively, transfer or transferred), except, in the case of the Equity
Rights Offering Backstop Parties, as set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. Any transfer following the subscription record date of the corresponding Senior Note Claim (except as provided in the Equity Rights Offering
Procedures) shall void the Subscription Right, and neither the transferring party nor the purported transferee will receive any Equity Rights Offering Sharesotherwise purchasable on account of such transferred Subscription Rights. 

(d) To facilitate the Equity Rights Offering and in exchange for the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium, the Equity Rights Offering
Backstop Parties, all of whom are QIBs, and/or Accredited Investors, have entered into the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. In accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement and subject to the terms and
conditions thereof, (i) each of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties and the Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties shall fully exercise all of its Subscription Rights, (ii) each of the Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties shall
purchase its portion of the Direct Investment Shares in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement; and (iii) each of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties shall purchase its respective share (in accordance
with the amounts and percentages applicable thereto as set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) of any Equity Rights Offering Shares that are not subscribed and purchased by the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims in
the Equity Rights Offering. In exchange for providing the above commitments under the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties will receive their respective allocations of the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Premium. The Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment shall be treated as a put option and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium shall be treated as remuneration for agreeing to enter into such put option. The Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Premium shall be paid in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order. 

(e) The proceeds of the
Equity Rights Offering shall be used to (1) fund Plan distributions, (2) provide the Reorganized Debtors with additional liquidity for working capital and general corporate purposes, and (3) pay all reasonable and documented
Professional Fee Claims, Restructuring Expenses, and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel. 

36 

(f) Distribution of Reorganized Common Equity pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering, the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement (including as payment of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium), or the Plan may be made by means of book-entry registration on the books of the Reorganized Debtors or a transfer agent for
the Reorganized Common Equity, or by means of book-entry exchange through the facilities of a depositary or transfer agent reasonably satisfactory to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, in accordance with the customary
practices of such agent, as and to the extent practicable. Any Entitys acceptance of Reorganized Common Equity in connection with the Equity Rights Offering (including as payment of Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium) shall be deemed as
its agreement to the New Organizational Documents, including theNew Shareholders Agreement, if any. The New Organizational Documentsmay be amended or modified from time to time following the Effective Date in accordance with their
respective terms. 

(g) In order to subscribe to the Equity Rights Offering pursuant to this Section 4.13 with
respect its Allowed Senior Notes Claims, a Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim will be required to tender all of the underlying Senior Notes into a contra-CUSIP pursuant to DTCs ATOP procedures by the deadline specified in the Equity
Rights Offering Documents, and the Senior Notes that are tendered into the contra-CUSIP will no longer be transferable. 

(h) Entry of the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall constitute Bankruptcy Court approval of the Equity Rights Offering and the Equity Rights Offering Documents, and all transactions contemplated thereby, and all actions to be taken, undertakings
to be made, and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection therewith, including the issuance of Reorganized Common Equity pursuant thereto and the payment of all fees, indemnities, expenses, and other payments provided for
in connection therewith, and authorization of the Reorganized Debtors to enter into and execute any other documents necessary to effectuate the transactions in this Section 4.13. 

Section 4.14 Common Equity Convenience Buyout. 

(a) The Common Equity Convenience Buyout shall be conducted by the Debtors and consummated in accordance with this Plan and on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. The Common Equity Convenience Buyout shall be fully backstopped by the Equity Rights Offering
Backstop Parties in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

(b) In accordance with the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and this Plan, any Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim may (solely
at the option of such Holder) elect the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option in lieu of the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery such Holder would otherwise be entitled to receive under this Plan; provided, that only Holders which vote to accept the
Plan are eligible to elect the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option, absent the consent of the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

37 

(c) Pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Parties, all of whom are QIBs, and/or Accredited Investors, have agreed to (i) refrain from electing the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option, and (ii) fund on or prior to the Effective Date, severally but not jointly, their
respective shares (as set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) of the incremental capital necessary to fund the aggregate Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount, up to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap, in exchange for
(x) shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued by the Reorganized Company that would have otherwise been issued to Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims that elected the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option pursuant to clause (A) of the Senior
Notes Claim Equity Recovery minus the number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued to Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims that elected the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option on account of the
Cash-Out Reduction (the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Shares) and (y) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium. The Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment shall be treated as
a put option and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium shall be treated as remuneration for agreeing to enter into such put option. The Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium shall be paid in accordance the Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Commitment Order. 

(d) To the extent any Senior Notes Claim Cash Option is elected, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Shares will
instead be issued and sold by Reorganized Debtors to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties funding the Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount, for Cash equal to the aggregate Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the Equity
Rights Offering Backstop Parties shall not be required or authorized to fund more than an amount equal to the aggregate Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap. 

(e) In order to elect to receive the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option pursuant to this Section 4.14 with respect all
of its Allowed Senior Notes Claim, a Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim will be required to tender all of the underlying Senior Notes into a contra-CUSIP pursuant to DTCs ATOP procedures by the deadline specified in the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout Documents, and the Senior Notes that are tendered into the contra-CUSIP will no longer be transferable. 

(f) Entry of
the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall constitute Bankruptcy Court approval of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and all transactions contemplated thereby, and all actions to
be taken, undertakings to be made, and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection therewith, including the issuance of Reorganized Common Equity pursuant thereto and the payment of all fees, indemnities, expenses, and other
payments provided for in connection therewith, and authorization of the Reorganized Debtors to enter into and execute any other documents necessary to effectuate the transactions in this Section 4.14. 

Section 4.15 Exemption from Registration Requirements.

The issuance, and distribution of the Subscription Rights and the Reorganized Common Equity under the Plan, including in connection with the
Equity Rights Offering, shall be exempt from registration requirements under Securities Act, or any state or local law requiring registration for offer and sale of a security, in reliance upon the exemption provided in section 1145(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code to the maximum extent permitted by law, or, if section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code is not available, then the Reorganized Common Equity will be offered, issued, and distributed under the Plan pursuant to other applicable
exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. 

38 

Any Reorganized Common Equity issued on account of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Shares, any Reorganized Common Equity that is unsubscribed in the Equity Rights Offering and issued to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement on account of the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Commitment, any Direct Investment Shares, and any Reorganized Common Equity issued to an entity that is an underwriter with respect to such securities, as that term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Code
(collectively, the Placement Securities) shall be issued in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder and on equivalent state law registration exemptions or, solely to the
extent such exemptions are not available, other available exemptions from registration under the Securities Act. The Subscription Rights and all of the Reorganized Common Equity issuable under the Plan other than the Placement Securities
(collectively, the 1145 Securities) shall be exempt, without further act or actions by any Entity, from registration under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws pursuant to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy
Code. 

Subject to the transfer provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions of the New Organizational Documents, the Reorganized
Common Equity comprising 1145 Securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act or other federal securities Laws pursuant to the exemption provided by section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act, unless the holder (i) is an
underwriter with respect to such securities, as that term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy code, (ii) is an affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors (as defined in rule 144(a)(1) in the Securities Act), or
(iii) has been such an affiliate within ninety (90) days of such transfer. In addition, subject to the transfer provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions of the New Organizational Documents, such 1145 Securities may
generally be resold without registration under state securities laws pursuant to various exemptions provided by the respective Laws of the several states. 

The Placement Securities will be considered restricted securities and may not be transferred except pursuant to an effective
registration statement or under an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as, under certain conditions, the resale provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, subject to, in each case, the transfer
provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions set forth in the New Shareholders Agreement, if any, and the New Organizational Documents. 

Neither the Debtors, the Reorganized Company, or any other Person shall be required to provide any further evidence other than the Plan or the
Confirmation Order with respect to the treatment of the Reorganized Common Equity under applicable securities laws. DTC and any transfer agent (as applicable) shall be required to accept and conclusively rely upon the Plan or Confirmation Order in
lieu of a legal opinion regarding whether the Reorganized Common Equity are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services (to the extent applicable). 

39 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, no Person (including DTC and any
transfer agent) shall be entitled to require a legal opinion regarding the validity of any transaction contemplated by the Plan, including whether the Reorganized Common Equity are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry
delivery, settlement, and depository services. 

Section 4.16 Organizational Documents.

On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall enter into such agreements and amend their corporate governance documents to the extent
necessary to implement the terms and provisions of this Plan. The New Organizational Documents shall comply with section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Section 4.17 Exemption from Certain Transfer Taxes and Recording Fees.

To the fullest extent permitted by section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, any transfer from the Debtors to the Reorganized Debtors or to any
Entity pursuant to, in contemplation of, or in connection with this Plan, the Restructuring Transactions, or pursuant to: (a) the issuance, distribution, transfer, or exchange of any debt, securities, or other interest in the Debtors or the
Reorganized Debtors, including the Reorganized Common Equity, (b) the creation, modification, consolidation, or recording of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security interest, or the securing of additional indebtedness by such or other
means, including the grant of collateral as security for any or all of the Exit Facility; (c) the making, assignment, or recording of any lease or sublease; or (d) the making, delivery, or recording of any deed or other instrument of
transfer under, in furtherance of, or in connection with, this Plan, including any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, or other instrument of transfer executed in connection with any transaction arising out of, contemplated by, or in any way related
to this Plan, shall not be subject to any Stamp or Similar Tax or governmental assessment, and the appropriate state or local governmental officials or agents shall forego the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment and shall accept
for filing and recordation any of the foregoing instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax or governmental assessment. Unless the Bankruptcy Court orders otherwise, all sales, transfers, and assignments of owned and leased
property approved by the Bankruptcy Court on or before the Effective Date shall be deemed to have been in furtherance of, or in connection with, this Plan. 

Section 4.18 Managers, Directors and Officers of the Reorganized Debtor.

Except to the extent that a member of the board of directors or board of managers, or the sole manager, as applicable, of any Debtor is
designated in the Plan Supplement to serve as a director, manager, or sole manager of the Reorganized Debtors on the Effective Date, the members of the board of directors or board of managers, or the sole manager, as applicable, of any Debtor prior
to the Effective Date, in their capacities as such, shall have no continuing obligations to the Reorganized Debtors on or after the Effective Date, and each such director, manager, or sole manager shall be deemed to have resigned or shall otherwise
cease to be a director, manager, or sole manager of the Reorganized Debtors on the Effective Date. 

40 

Each of the directors, managers, sole managers and officers of the Reorganized Debtors shall
serve pursuant to the terms of the applicable New Organizational Documents of the Reorganized Debtors and may be designated, replaced, or removed in accordance with such New Organizational Documents. The members of the Reorganized Board, if known,
shall be disclosed prior to the Combined Hearing in accordance with section 1129(a)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Section 4.19 Incentive
Plans. 

(a) All existing equity incentive plans of the Debtors shall be terminated, or deemed terminated, as of the Effective Date.

(b) The Reorganized Company shall reserve for senior management a pool of 10% of the fully diluted Reorganized Common Equity that is
issued and outstanding on the Effective Date for a post-Effective Date Management Incentive Plan. 

(c) It is also expected that the
Reorganized Company will provide a long-term incentive program with employee participation in continuation of historical practice and the Reorganized Board shall determine the performance criteria, structure, and form of compensation, in
consultation with compensation consultant(s) and key holders of Reorganized Common Equity as appropriate. 

Section 4.20
Effectuating Documents; Further Transactions.

(a) Prior to, on, and after the Effective Date, the Debtors and Reorganized
Debtors and the directors, managers, officers, authorized persons, and members of the board of directors or managers and directors thereof, are authorized to and may issue, execute, deliver, file, or record such contracts, securities, instruments,
releases, and other agreements or documents and take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement, and further evidence the terms and provisions of this Plan, the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Exit Facility
Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, the New Organizational Documents, and any other securities issued pursuant to this Plan in the name of and on behalf of the Reorganized Debtors, without
the need for any approvals, authorizations, actions, or consents except for those expressly required pursuant to this Plan. 

(b) The
Confirmation Order shall, and shall be deemed to, pursuant to both section 1123 and section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, authorize, among other things, all actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate any transaction described in,
approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate this Plan. 

Section 4.21 Restructuring Expenses and DIP Facility
Expenses. 

The Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees
and expenses of counsel, shall be paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date (to the extent not previously paid during the course of the Chapter 11 Cases) without any requirement to file a fee application with the Bankruptcy Court, without any
requirement for Bankruptcy Court review or approval. All Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel to be paid on the Effective Date shall be
estimated prior to and as of the Effective Date and such estimates shall be delivered to the Debtors at least three (3) Business Days before the anticipated Effective Date (or such other period as the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior
Noteholders may reasonably agree); provided, that such estimate shall not limit any partys entitlement to be paid or repaid its Restructuring Expenses or fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents,
including fees and expenses of counsel. On or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date (but no later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date), final invoices for all Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable
to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel incurred prior to and as of the Effective Date, shall be submitted to the Debtors. 

41 

Section 4.22 Retained Causes of Action.

(a) Unless any Causes of Action or Claims against an Entity are expressly waived, relinquished, exculpated, released, compromised, or settled
in this Plan, the DIP Orders, or by a Final Order, in accordance with section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Reorganized Debtors shall retain and may enforce all rights to commence and pursue any and all Causes of Action or Claims in the
ordinary course, whether arising before or after the Petition Date, including any actions specifically enumerated in the Plan Supplement, and the Reorganized Debtors rights to commence, prosecute, or settle such Causes of Action and Claims
shall be preserved notwithstanding the occurrence of the Effective Date. The Reorganized Debtors may pursue such retained Causes of Action or Claims and may exercise any and all rights in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, in no
instance will any Cause of Action preserved pursuant to this Section 4.22 include any Claim or Cause of Action with respect to, or against, a Released Party that is released under the Plan. 

(b) No Entity may rely on the absence of a specific reference in this Plan, the Plan Supplement, or the Disclosure Statement to any Cause
of Action against it as any indication that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors will not pursue any and all available Causes of Action against it. Unless any such Causes of Action against an Entity are expressly
waived, relinquished, exculpated, released, compromised, assigned, or settled in the Plan, Confirmation Order, or a Final Order, all such Causes of Action shall be expressly reserved by the Reorganized Debtors for later adjudication,
and, therefore, no preclusion doctrine, including the doctrines of res judicata, collateral estoppel, issue preclusion, claim preclusion, estoppel (judicial, equitable, or otherwise), or laches shall apply to such Causes of Action upon, after, or as
a consequence of the Confirmation or Consummation of this Plan. The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve all rights to prosecute any and all Causes of Action against any Entity, except as otherwise
expressly provided herein.

ARTICLE V. 

TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES 

Section 5.1 Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 

(a) All Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases of the Debtors shall be assumed absent an objection as set forth in
Section 5.2 hereof or an order requiring rejection, without the need for any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code as of the Effective Date,
except for those Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that, in each case, (i) have been assumed or rejected by the Debtors by prior order of the Bankruptcy Court, (ii) are the subject of a motion to reject filed by the Debtors pending
on the Effective Date, (iii) are identified as rejected Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases by the Debtors on the Schedule of Rejected Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be filed in the Plan Supplement, which may be amended by the
Debtors up to and through the Effective Date to add or remove Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases by filing with the Bankruptcy Court a subsequent Plan Supplement and serving it on the affected non-Debtor
contract parties; or (iv) are rejected or terminated pursuant to the terms of this Plan. Each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease shall be fully enforceable by the Reorganized Debtors in accordance with the terms thereof, except as otherwise
modified by the provisions of this Plan, or by any order of the Bankruptcy Court. 

42 

(b) The Confirmation Order shall constitute an order of the Bankruptcy Court:
(i) approving the assumption of all Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, as described in this Plan, pursuant to Bankruptcy Code sections 365(a) and 1123(b)(2); (ii) providing that each assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection, as
the case may be, is in the best interests of the Reorganized Debtors, their Estates, and all parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases; and (iii) providing that the requirements for assumption or assumption and assignment of any Executory
Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed have been satisfied. Unless otherwise indicated, all assumptions or rejections of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases pursuant to this Plan are effective as of the Effective Date. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein or agreed to by the Debtors and the applicable counterparty, each assumed Executory Contract or
Unexpired Lease shall include all modifications, amendments, supplements, restatements, or other agreements related thereto, and all rights related thereto, if any, including all easements, licenses, permits, rights, privileges, immunities, options,
rights of first refusal, and any other interests. To the maximum extent permitted by law, to the extent any provision in any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to this Plan restricts or prevents, or purports to restrict or
prevent, or is breached or deemed breached by, the assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease (including any change of control provision), then such provision shall be deemed modified such that the transactions contemplated
by this Plan shall not entitle the non-Debtor party thereto to terminate such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or to exercise any other default-related rights with respect thereto. Modifications,
amendments, supplements, and restatements to prepetition Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that have been executed by the Debtors during the Chapter 11 Cases shall not be deemed to alter the prepetition nature of the Executory Contract or
Unexpired Lease or the validity, priority, or amount of any Claims that may arise in connection therewith. 

Section 5.2 Cure
of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 

(a) Unless otherwise agreed in writing by such counterparty, any
monetary defaults that are required to be cured to assume an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease shall be satisfied pursuant to section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code in the ordinary course of business. Any counterparty to an Executory Contract
or Unexpired Lease that fails to timely raise any objection that could have been raised under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be deemed to have consented to the Debtors assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, to
the extent any such consent is required, and all such counterparties shall be forever enjoined and barred from objecting to the Debtors assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease for any reason. 

43 

(b) If there is a dispute regarding (i) the amount of any Cure Cost, (ii) the
ability of the Reorganized Debtors to provide adequate assurance of future performance (within the meaning of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) under the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed or (iii) any other
matter pertaining to assumption, then the Bankruptcy Court shall retain jurisdiction in all respects to hear such disputes; provided that the occurrence of any such dispute shall not prevent or delay Confirmation or Consummation of this Plan;
provided further that the Debtors may settle any such dispute without any further notice to any party or any action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court; provided further that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
Debtors reserve the right to either reject or nullify the assumption of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease within forty-five (45) days after the entry of a Final Order resolving an objection to assumption, determining the Cure Cost under
an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that was subject to a dispute, or resolving any request for adequate assurance of future performance required to assume such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. 

(c) Assumption of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to this Plan or otherwise, and the continued performance thereunder (or
the payment of a Cure Cost, if any), shall result in the full release, satisfaction, and cure of any defaults thereunder, whether monetary or nonmonetary, including defaults of provisions restricting the change in control or ownership interest
composition or other bankruptcy-related defaults, arising under any assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease at any time prior to the effective date of such assumption or assumption and assignment. Any and all Proofs of Claim filed with respect
to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that has been assumed or assumed and assigned in the Chapter 11 Cases, including pursuant to the Confirmation Order, and for which any Cure Cost has been fully paid pursuant to this
Section 5.2, shall be deemed Disallowed and expunged as of the Effective Date, without the need for any objection thereto or any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 

Section 5.3Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases. 

If the rejection by the Debtors, pursuant to this Plan or otherwise, of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease gives rise to a Claim, a
Proof of Claim must be served upon the Debtors and their counsel within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) notice of entry of the Confirmation Order or (ii) other notice that the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease has been
rejected. Any Claims not served within the applicable time period will be forever barred from assertion against the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, their Estates, and their property. 

Section 5.4 Indemnification Obligations. 

Any and all Indemnification Obligations of the Debtors, including pursuant to its corporate charter, agreements, bylaws, memorandum, or other
organizational documents, or board resolutions, employment contracts, or other agreements for the directors, officers, managers, employees, attorneys, other professionals, and agents employed by the Debtors to indemnify current and former officers,
directors, agents, or employees with respect to all present and future actions, suits, and proceedings against the Debtors based upon any act or omission for or on behalf of the Debtors shall remain in full force and effect to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable Law and shall not be discharged, impaired, or otherwise affected by this Plan. All such obligations shall be deemed and treated as Executory Contracts that are assumed by the Debtors under this Plan and shall continue as
obligations of the Reorganized Debtors. Any Claim based on the Debtors obligations in this Section 5.4 herein shall not be a Disputed Claim or subject to any objection, in either case, by reason of section
502(e)(1)(B) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. 

44 

Section 5.5Contracts and Leases Entered
Into After the Petition Date.

Contracts and leases entered into after the Petition Date by the Debtors,
including any Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases assumed by the Debtors, shall be performed by the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors liable thereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Accordingly, such contracts and leases (including any
assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases) will survive and remain unaffected by entry of the Confirmation Order. 

Section 5.6 Insurance Policies. 

All Insurance Policies pursuant to which the Debtors have any obligations in effect as of the Effective Date shall be deemed and treated as
Executory Contracts pursuant to this Plan and shall be assumed by the Reorganized Debtors and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter in accordance with such policys respective terms. 

Section 5.7 Reservation of Rights. 

Nothing contained in this Plan shall constitute an admission by the Debtors that any contract or lease is in fact an Executory Contract or
Unexpired Lease or that the Reorganized Debtors have any liability thereunder. 

ARTICLE VI. 

PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 6.1 Distribution on Account of Claims and Interests Allowed as of the Effective Date. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Plan or a Final Order, or as agreed to by the relevant parties receiving such distributions,
distributions under this Plan on account of Claims Allowed on or before the Effective Date shall be made on the Distribution Date; provided that (a) Allowed Administrative Claims with respect to liabilities incurred by the Debtors in the
ordinary course of business during the Chapter 11 Cases or arising under Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases assumed by the Debtors prior to the Effective Date shall be paid or performed in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the
terms and conditions of any controlling agreements, orders, course of dealing, course of business, or industry practice and (b) in accordance with Article II of this Plan, Allowed Priority Tax Claims, unless otherwise agreed, shall be
treated in accordance with the terms set forth in section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code. To the extent any Allowed Priority Tax Claim is not due and owing on the Effective Date, such Claim shall be paid in accordance with the terms of any
agreement between a Debtor and the Holder of such Claim, or as may be due and payable under applicable non-bankruptcy Law, or in the ordinary course of business. 

45 

Section 6.2 Distribution on Account of Claims and Interests Allowed After the
Effective Date. 

(a) Payments and Distributions on Disputed Claims. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, a Final Order,
or as agreed to by the relevant parties, distributions under this Plan on account of Disputed Claims that become Allowed after the Effective Date shall be made on the first day that is thirty (30) Business Days after the Disputed Claims become
Allowed Claims; provided that (i) Disputed Administrative Claims with respect to liabilities incurred by the Debtors in the ordinary course of business during the Chapter 11 Cases or assumed by the Debtors on or before the Effective Date
that become Allowed after the Effective Date shall be paid or performed in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the terms and conditions of any controlling agreements, course of dealing, course of business, or industry practice and
(ii) Disputed Priority Tax Claims that become Allowed Priority Tax Claims after the Effective Date shall be treated as Allowed Priority Tax Claims and paid in the ordinary course of business. 

(b) Special Rules for Distributions to Holders of Disputed Claims. Notwithstanding any provision otherwise in this Plan and except as
otherwise agreed to by the relevant parties, no payments or distributions shall be made with respect to a Disputed Claim until all such disputes in connection with such Disputed Claim have been resolved by settlement or agreement among the relevant
parties, or by Final Order. 

(c) Timing and Calculation of Amounts to Be Distributed. Except as otherwise provided herein, on the
Distribution Date (or if a Claim is not an Allowed Claim on the Distribution Date, on the date that such Claim becomes an Allowed Claim, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), each Holder of an Allowed Claim shall receive the full amount
of the distributions that this Plan provides for such Allowed Claims in the applicable Class. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, or any order of the Bankruptcy Court, Holders of Claims shall not be entitled to interest, dividends, or
accruals on the distributions provided for in this Plan, regardless of whether such distributions are delivered on or at any time after the Effective Date. 

Section 6.3 Delivery of Distributions. 

(a) Record Date for Distributions. On the Distribution Date, the Claims Register shall be closed and any party responsible for making
distributions shall be authorized and entitled to recognize only those Holders of Claims listed on the Claims Register as of the close of business on the Distribution Date, provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to any publicly held securities
held in the name of, or by a nominee of, DTC (including, without limitation, the Senior Notes Claims), as to which distributions may be made on or promptly after the Distribution Date in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC. 

(b) Delivery of Distributions in General. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, including with respect to any publicly held
securities held in the name of, or by a nominee of, DTC (including, without limitation, the Senior Notes Claims), as to which distributions may be made on or promptly after the Distribution Date in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC,
distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims shall be made to Holders of record as of the Distribution Date by the Reorganized Debtors at the address for each such Holder as indicated on the Debtors records as of the date of any such
distribution; provided that the manner of such 

46 

distributions shall be determined at the discretion of the Reorganized Debtors; provided further that the address for each Holder of an Allowed Claim shall be deemed to be the address set
forth in any Proof of Claim filed by that Holder. All securities to be distributed under the Plan shall be issued in the names of such holders or their nominees in accordance with DTCs book-entry exchange procedures or on the books and records
of a transfer agent or the Reorganized Debtors in accordance with the New Organizational Documents. 

(c) Delivery of Distributions on
Account of Senior Notes Claims. The applicable Trustee shall be deemed to be the Holders of the related Senior Notes Claims solely for purposes of Cash distributions to be made hereunder, and all Cash distributions on account of the Senior Notes
Claims in Class 3 may be made to the applicable Trustee. As soon as practicable following compliance with the requirements set forth in Article VI hereof (as applicable), the applicable Trustee shall arrange to deliver or
direct the delivery of such Cash distributions to or on behalf of the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims in Class 3 in accordance with the terms of the Senior Notes Indentures and this Plan. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the
contrary, and without limiting the exculpation and release provisions of this Plan, no Trustee shall have any liability to any Entity with respect to distributions made or directed to be made by such Trustee pursuant to this Plan. 

(d) Delivery of Distributions on Account of DIP Claims. The DIP Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of all DIP Claims for purposes
of distributions to be made hereunder, and all distributions on account of such DIP Claims shall be made to the DIP Agent. As soon as practicable following compliance with the requirements set forth in Article VI hereof (as applicable), the
DIP Agent shall arrange to deliver or direct the delivery of such distributions to or on behalf of the Holders of DIP Claims in accordance with the terms of the DIP Facility, subject to any modifications to such distributions in accordance with the
terms of this Plan. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, and without limiting the exculpation and release provisions of this Plan, the DIP Agent shall not have any liability to any Entity with respect to distributions made or
directed to be made by the DIP Agent. 

Section 6.4 Minimum Distributions. 

No fractional units of Reorganized Common Equity shall be distributed, and no Cash shall be distributed in lieu of such fractional amounts.
When any distribution pursuant to this Plan on account of an Allowed Claim would otherwise result in the issuance of a number of units of Reorganized Common Equity that is not a whole number, the actual distribution of units of Reorganized Common
Equity shall be rounded as follows: (a) fractions of one-half (12) or greater shall be rounded to the next higher
whole number and (b) fractions of less than one-half (12) shall be rounded to the next lower whole number with no
further payment therefore. The total number of authorized units of Reorganized Common Equity to be distributed to Holders of Allowed Claims shall be adjusted as necessary to account for the foregoing rounding. 

47 

Section 6.5Foreign Currency Exchange Rate. 

Except as otherwise provided in a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court, as of the Effective Date, any Claim asserted in currency other than
U.S. dollars shall be automatically deemed converted to the equivalent U.S. dollar value using the exchange rate for the applicable currency as published in The Wall Street Journal, National Edition, on the Effective Date. 

Section 6.6 Delivery of Distributions; Undeliverable Distributions. 

(a) Pursuant to Section 3.3(d) hereof, Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims may receive payment in full in
Cash paid in the ordinary course of business if (i) not otherwise Reinstated, (ii) not given other less favorable treatment as reasonably agreed to by the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, or (iii) not given such
other treatment in rendering its Allowed General Unsecured Claim Unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. Distributions to Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims shall be made by the Reorganized Debtors at the address
set forth in the Reorganized Debtors books and records. Distributions to Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims shall be made in accordance with Section 6.3 hereof. If any Holders distribution is returned as
undeliverable, no further distributions to such Holder shall be made unless and until the Reorganized Debtors or applicable Trustee is notified of such Holders then current address, at which time all missed distributions shall be made to such
Holder without interest. The applicable Trustee shall deliver any non-deliverable Cash to the Reorganized Debtors no later than ten (10) Business Days following the first anniversary of the Effective
Date. All Claims for undeliverable distributions must be made within one (1) year after the Effective Date, after which date the Claim of any Holder or successor to such Holder with respect to such property will be discharged and forever
barred. After such date, any unclaimed or undeliverable distribution of Cash to Holders of Allowed Claims shall become property of the Reorganized Debtors free of any restrictions thereon and notwithstanding any federal or state escheat laws to the
contrary. Any Reorganized Common Equity or amounts available pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering, Common Equity Convenience Buyout, or Exit Facility held for distribution shall be cancelled and of no further force or effect. Nothing contained in
this Plan shall require the Reorganized Debtors or the Trustees to attempt to locate any Holder of an Allowed Claim. 

(b) Failure to
Present Checks. Checks issued by the Reorganized Debtors on account of Allowed Claims shall be null and void if not negotiated within ninety (90) days after the issuance of such check. Any Holder of an Allowed Claim holding an un-negotiated check that does not request reissuance of such un-negotiated check within ninety (90) days after the date of mailing or other delivery of such check shall
have its Claim for such un-negotiated check discharged and be discharged and forever barred, estopped, and enjoined from asserting any such Claim against the Reorganized Debtors or their property. Within
ninety (90) days after the mailing or other delivery of any such distribution checks, notwithstanding applicable escheatment Laws, all such distributions shall revert to the Reorganized Debtors. Nothing contained herein shall require the
Reorganized Debtors to attempt to locate any Holder of an Allowed Claim. 

48 

Section 6.7 Compliance with Tax Requirements/Allocations. 

In connection with this Plan, to the extent applicable, the Reorganized Debtors shall comply with all tax withholding and reporting
requirements imposed on it by any Governmental Unit, and all distributions pursuant hereto shall be subject to such withholding and reporting requirements. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, the Reorganized Debtors shall be
authorized to take all actions reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with such withholding and reporting requirements, including liquidating a portion of the distribution to be made under this Plan to generate sufficient funds to pay
applicable withholding taxes, withholding distributions pending receipt of information necessary to facilitate such distributions or establishing any other mechanisms they believe are reasonable and appropriate. The Reorganized Debtors reserve the
right to allocate all distributions made under this Plan in compliance with all applicable wage garnishments, alimony, child support, and other spousal awards, liens, and encumbrances, and such distributions shall be treated as if distributed to the
applicable Holder of the Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest. 

Section 6.8 Surrender of Cancelled Instruments or Securities.

On the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, each Holder of a certificate or instrument evidencing a Claim
or Interest that is discharged by this Plan shall be deemed to have surrendered such certificate or instrument to the Reorganized Debtor. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan, such surrendered certificate or instrument shall be
cancelled solely with respect to the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors, and such cancellation shall not alter the obligations or rights of any non-Debtor third parties vis--vis one another with respect to such certificate or instrument, including with respect to any indenture or agreement that governs the rights of the Holder of a Claim or Interest, which shall
continue in effect (as modified pursuant to this Plan, to the extent applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this paragraph shall not apply to certificates or instruments evidencing Claims that are Unimpaired under this Plan.

Section 6.9 Claims Paid or Payable by Third Parties. 

(a) Claims Paid by Third Parties. The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall reduce in full a Claim, and such Claim
shall be Disallowed without a Claim objection having to be filed and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, to the extent that the Holder of such Claim receives payment in full on account of such Claim
from a party that is not a Debtor or a Reorganized Debtor. Subject to the last sentence of this paragraph, to the extent a Holder of a Claim receives a distribution on account of such Claim and receives payment from a party that is not a Debtor or a
Reorganized Debtor on account of such Claim, such Holder shall, within fourteen (14) days of receipt thereof, repay or return the distribution to the Reorganized Debtors, to the extent the Holders total recovery on account of such Claim
from the third party and under this Plan exceeds the amount of such Claim as of the date of any such distribution under this Plan. The failure of such Holder to timely repay or return such distribution shall result in the Holder owing the applicable
Reorganized Debtor annualized interest at the Federal Judgment Rate on such amount owed for each Business Day after the fourteen (14)-day grace period specified above until the amount is repaid. 

(b) Claims Payable by Insurance. No distributions under this Plan shall be made on account of an Allowed Claim that is payable pursuant
to any of the Debtors Insurance Policies, if any, until the Holder of such Allowed Claim has exhausted all remedies with respect to such Insurance Policies. To the extent that one or more of the Debtors insurers satisfies or agrees to
satisfy in full or in part a Claim, if any, then immediately upon such insurers agreement, the applicable portion of such Claim may be expunged without a Claim objection having to be filed and without any further notice to or action, order, or
approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 

49 

(c) Applicability of Insurance Policies. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan,
distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims shall be in accordance with the provisions of any applicable Insurance Policy. Nothing contained in this Plan shall constitute or be deemed a waiver of any Cause of Action that the Debtors or any Entity may
hold against any other Entity, including insurers under any Insurance Policies, nor shall anything contained herein constitute or be deemed a waiver by such insurers of any defenses, including coverage defenses, held by such insurers. 

ARTICLE VII. 

PROCEDURES
FOR RESOLVING DISPUTED CLAIMS OR INTERESTS 

Section 7.1 No Filings of Proofs of Claim

(a) Notwithstanding section 502(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and in light of the Unimpaired status of all Allowed General Unsecured Claims under
the Plan, except as provided otherwise in Section 2.1 and Section 5.3 of this Plan or by order of the Bankruptcy Court, Holders of Claims should not, and shall not be required to file Proofs of
Claim with the Bankruptcy Court. The amount and validity of any disputed, contingent or unliquidated Claim shall be determined, resolved or adjudicated, as the case may be, in the manner in which such Claim would have been determined, resolved or
adjudicated if the Chapter 11 Cases had not been commenced and all of the Debtors legal and equitable rights in respect of any such Claim may be asserted after the Confirmation Date and Effective Date to the same extent as if the Chapter 11
Cases had not been commenced; provided, however, that the Debtors reserve the right to file with the Bankruptcy Court an objection to any Claim as to which the Holder of such Claim has filed a Proof of Claim in the Chapter 11 Cases;
provided further that this Section 7.1(a) shall not apply to any objections or disputes, including any objection or dispute that could have been raised under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to the
Debtors assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases under this Plan, and any such objections or disputes shall be subject in all respects to Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 of this
Plan. The Debtors shall be authorized to, and shall, resolve all Disputed Claims by withdrawing or settling such objections thereto, or by litigating to judgment in the Bankruptcy Court or such other court having jurisdiction over the validity,
nature, or amount thereof. 

(b) The Debtors or the Holder of a contingent or unliquidated Claim may, at any time, request that the
Bankruptcy Court estimate any contingent or unliquidated Claim pursuant to section 502(c) of the Bankruptcy Code regardless of whether the Debtors have previously objected to such Claim or whether the Bankruptcy Court has ruled on any such
objection, and the Bankruptcy Court will retain jurisdiction to estimate any Claim at any time during litigation concerning any objection to any Claim, including during the pendency of any appeal relating to any such objection. In the event the
Bankruptcy Court estimates any contingent or unliquidated Claim, that estimated amount will constitute either the Allowed amount of such Claim or a maximum limitation on such Claim, as determined by the Bankruptcy Court. If the estimated amount
constitutes a maximum limitation on such Claim, the Debtors may elect to pursue any supplemental proceedings to object to any ultimate payment on such Claim. All of the aforementioned Claim objection, estimation, and resolution procedures are
cumulative and are not necessarily exclusive of one another. Claims may be estimated and thereafter resolved by any permitted mechanism. 

50 

Section 7.2 Allowance of Claims and Interests. 

(a) Except as provided in Article IX hereof, the Reorganized Debtors after the Effective Date shall have and retain any and all rights
and defenses the Debtors had with respect to any Claim or Interest immediately prior to the Effective Date, except with respect to any Claim deemed Allowed under this Plan. 

(b) Except as expressly provided in this Plan or in any order entered in the Chapter 11 Cases prior to the Effective Date (including the
Confirmation Order), no Claim shall become an Allowed Claim unless and until such Claim is deemed Allowed under this Plan or the Bankruptcy Court has entered a Final Order (including the Confirmation Order) in the Chapter 11 Cases allowing such
Claim. All settled Claims approved prior to the Effective Date pursuant to a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 or otherwise, shall be binding on all parties. 

Section 7.3 Prosecution of Objections to Claims.

Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan or order of the Bankruptcy Court, and notwithstanding any requirements that may be
imposed pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, on and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall have the sole authority: (1) to file, withdraw, or litigate to judgment objections to Claims or Interests; (2) to settle or compromise
any Disputed Claim without any further notice to or action, order, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court; and (3) to administer and adjust the Claims Register to reflect any such settlements or compromises without any further notice to or action,
order, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 

Section 7.4 Adjustment of Claims and Interests Without Objection.

Any duplicate Claim or Interest or any Claim or Interest that has been paid, satisfied, amended, superseded, cancelled, or otherwise expunged
(including pursuant to the Plan), may be adjusted or expunged (including on the Claims Register, to the extent applicable) by the Reorganized Debtors without a Claim objection having to be filed and without any further notice to or action, order, or
approval of the Bankruptcy Court. Additionally, any Claim or Interest that is duplicative or redundant with another Claim against or Interest in the Debtors may be adjusted or expunged on the Claims Register by the Reorganized Debtors without the
Reorganized Debtors having to file an application, motion, complaint, objection, or any other legal proceeding seeking to object to such Claim or Interest and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 

51 

Section 7.5 Disallowance of Certain Claims. 

Any Claims held by Entities from which property is recoverable under sections 542, 543, 550, or 553 of the Bankruptcy Code or that is a
transferee of a transfer avoidable under sections 522(f), 522(h), 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, or 724(a) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be deemed Disallowed pursuant to section 502(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and Holders of such Claims may not receive any
distributions on account of such Claims until such time as such Causes of Action against that Entity have been settled or an order of the Bankruptcy Court with respect thereto has been entered and all sums due have been turned over or paid to the
Reorganized Debtor. All Proofs of Claim filed on account of an Indemnification Obligation to a director, officer, or employee shall be deemed satisfied and expunged from the Claims Register as of the Effective Date to the extent such Indemnification
Obligation is assumed (or honored or reaffirmed, as the case may be) pursuant to this Plan, without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 

Section 7.6 Offer of Judgment. 

The Reorganized Debtors are authorized to serve upon a Holder of a Claim an offer to allow judgment to be taken on account of such Claim, and,
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 7068 and 9014, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 shall apply to such offer of judgment. To the extent the Holder of a Claim or Interest must pay the costs incurred by the Reorganized Debtors after the making of such
offer, the Reorganized Debtors are entitled to setoff such amounts against the amount of any distribution to be paid to such Holder without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 

Section 7.7 Amendments to Claims or Interests. 

On or after the Effective Date, except as provided herein, a Claim or Interest may not be filed or amended without the prior authorization of
the Bankruptcy Court or the Reorganized Debtors, and, to the extent such prior authorization is not received, any such new or amended Claim or Interest filed shall be deemed Disallowed in full and expunged without any further action. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE 

Section 8.1 Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date. 

The following are conditions precedent to the Effective Date that must be satisfied, waived pursuant to Section 8.2
hereof, or are conditions that must be satisfied substantially contemporaneous with consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, as applicable: 

(a) 

the following documents shall be in full force and effect substantially contemporaneous with the consummation
of the Restructuring Transactions, and shall not be stayed, modified, revised, or vacated, or subject to any pending appeal, and shall not have been terminated prior to the Effective Date: (a) the New Organizational Documents; (b) the Exit
Facility Documents; (c) the Equity Rights Offering Documents; (d) the Management Incentive Plan; (e) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents; (f) such other motions, orders, agreements, and documentation necessary or
desirable to consummate and document the transactions contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement and this Plan; (g) to the extent not included in the foregoing, all financing documents needed to effectuate the Restructuring
Transactions, and (h) all other material customary documents delivered in connection with transactions of this type (including, without limitation, any and all other documents implementing, achieving, contemplated by or relating to the
Restructuring Transactions); 

52 

(b) 

(i) the Restructuring Support Agreement shall not have been terminated by any party thereto in accordance with
the provisions thereof; (ii) the Restructuring Support Agreement shall not have been invalidated or deemed unenforceable by the Bankruptcy Court or any other Governmental Unit; and (iii) to the extent not otherwise waived, there shall not
be continuing any properly noticed cure period with respect to any event, occurrence, or condition that would permit the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders to terminate the Restructuring Support Agreement in accordance with its terms following
the end of such cure period; 

(c) 

each of the conditions precedent for consummation of the transactions contemplated in Section 7.1 of the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms thereof; 

(d) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order, and the Confirmation Order shall be a Final
Order; 

(e) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, and the Equity
Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall be a Final Order; 

(f) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Disclosure Statement Order, and the Disclosure Statement Order
shall be a Final Order; 

(g) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the DIP Orders, and the Final DIP Order shall be a Final Order;

(h) 

no Default or Event of Default (each as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement or DIP Orders, as applicable) shall
have occurred and be continuing under the DIP Credit Agreement or the DIP Order, as applicable, that has not been waived by the DIP Agent or cured by the Debtors in a manner consistent with the DIP Facility Documents; 

(i) 

each of (a) the Exit Facility, (b) the Equity Rights Offering, (c) the Common Equity Convenience
Buyout, and (d) the Reorganized Common Equity shall have been issued or completed, as applicable, and any funding required thereunder shall have occurred substantially contemporaneously with consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, in
each case, in accordance with the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and the documents and agreements governing the same; 

53 

(j) 

all documents, certificates, and agreements necessary to implement this Plan shall have been executed and
tendered for delivery to the required parties and, to the extent required, filed with the applicable Governmental Units in accordance with applicable Laws, and all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of such documents and agreements shall have
been satisfied or waived pursuant to the terms thereof (or will be satisfied and waived substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Effective Date); 

(k) 

all actions necessary to implement this Plan shall have been effected; 

(l) 

all requisite governmental, regulatory, and material third-party approvals, KYC requirements, and any other
authorizations, consents, rulings, or documents required to implement and effectuate the Restructuring Transactions shall have been obtained; 

(m) 

there shall be no ruling, judgment, or order issued by any Governmental Unit making illegal, enjoining ,
otherwise preventing or prohibiting the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; 

(n) 

the Professional Fee Escrow Account shall have been established and the Professional Fee Reserve Amount shall
have been funded in accordance with this Plan; 

(o) 

the Debtors shall have paid in full in Cash (or the Debtors shall pay in full in Cash substantially
contemporaneously with consummation of the Restructuring Transactions) all Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel incurred or estimated to be
incurred, through the Effective Date; 

(p) 

the guarantees, mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests held by any Holders of
Other Secured Claims shall be fully released and discharged (or will be fully released and discharged substantially contemporaneously with the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions); 

(q) 

the conditions to the effectiveness of the Exit Facility set forth in the Exit Facility Documents (other than
the occurrence of the Effective Date) shall have been or contemporaneously will be satisfied or waived; 

(r) 

the conditions of the effectiveness of the Equity Rights Offering set forth in the Equity Rights Offering
Documents (other than the occurrence of the Effective Date) shall have been satisfied or waived; 

(s) 

the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement shall not have terminated as to all parties thereto
and shall continue to be in full force and effect; 

54 

(t) 

the final version of the Plan Supplement and all of the schedules, documents, and exhibits contained therein
(and any amendment thereto) shall have been filed in a manner consistent with the consent rights contained herein; and 

(u) 

each Definitive Document shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Debtors and the Required
Consenting Senior Noteholders (unless otherwise provided for herein). 

For the avoidance of doubt, any condition that requires any
agreement, order or document to be in full force and effect, or entered by the Bankruptcy Court, as applicable, shall include a requirement that such agreement, order or document is consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement and otherwise
in form and substance as set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

Section 8.2 Waiver of Conditions Precedent. 

The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, with the consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, may waive any of the
conditions to the Effective Date set forth above at any time, without any notice to parties in interest and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, and without any formal action other than a proceeding to
confirm this Plan. The failure of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights or any other rights, and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right, which
may be asserted at any time. 

Section 8.3 Effect of Failure of Conditions Precedent. 

If the Effective Date does not occur, then: (a) this Plan shall be null and void in all respects; (b) any settlement or compromise
embodied in this Plan, assumption or rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases effected under this Plan, and any document or agreement executed pursuant to this Plan, shall be deemed null and void; and (c) nothing contained in this
Plan, the Confirmation Order, or the Disclosure Statement shall: (i) constitute a waiver or release of any Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action; (ii) prejudice in any manner the rights of the Debtors or any other Entity; or
(iii) constitute an admission, acknowledgement, offer, or undertaking of any sort by the Debtors or any other Entity. 

Section 8.4 Substantial Consummation of Plan. 

Substantial consummation of this Plan under section 1101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be deemed to occur on the Effective Date. 

55 

ARTICLE IX. 

EFFECT OF PLAN CONFIRMATION 

Section 9.1 Binding Effect. 

Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, on and after the entry of the Confirmation Order, the provisions of this Plan shall bind and
inure to the benefit of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Consenting Senior Noteholders, and each Holder of a Claim against or Interest in the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors and inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Debtors,
Reorganized Debtors, the Consenting Senior Noteholders, and each Holders respective successors and assigns, regardless of whether the Claim or Interest of such Holder is Impaired under this Plan and whether such Holder has accepted
or rejected this Plan or is deemed to have accepted or rejected this Plan. 

Section 9.2 Discharge of Claims and Termination of
Interests; Compromise and Settlement of Claims, Interests, and Controversies. 

Pursuant to and to the fullest extent permitted by
section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, the distributions, rights, and treatment that are provided in this Plan shall be in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge,
effective as of the Effective Date, of all Interests and Claims of any nature whatsoever, including any interest accrued on Claims from and after the Petition Date, whether known or unknown, against, liabilities of, Liens on, obligations of, rights
against the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors or any of their properties, including property of the Estates, and regardless of whether any property shall have been distributed or retained pursuant to this Plan on account of such Claims, including
demands, liabilities, and Causes of Action that arose before the Effective Date, any contingent or non-contingent liability on account of representations or warranties issued on or before the Effective Date,
and all debts of the kind specified in sections 502(g), 502(h), or 502(i) of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case whether or not: (i) a Proof of Claim is filed or deemed filed pursuant to section 501 of the Bankruptcy Code; (ii) a Claim or
Interest is Allowed; or (iii) the Holder of such Claim or Interest has accepted or rejected, or been deemed to accept or reject, this Plan. Except as otherwise provided herein, any default by the Debtors or their Affiliates with respect to any
Claim or Interest that existed immediately prior to or on account of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases shall be deemed cured on the Effective Date. The Confirmation Order shall be a judicial determination of the discharge of all Claims and
Interests subject to the Effective Date occurring, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan. 

Section 9.3 Releases.

(a) RELEASES BY THE DEBTORS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS PLAN TO THE
CONTRARY, AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES THAT REMAIN IN EFFECT TO ENFORCE THE PLAN, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1123(B) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE ADEQUACY OF WHICH IS HEREBY CONFIRMED,
INCLUDING THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE DEBTORS UNDER THE PLAN AND THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE RELEASED PARTIES TO FACILITATE AND IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, ON AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THE RELEASED PARTIES ARE DEEMED CONCLUSIVELY, ABSOLUTELY,
UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY, AND FOREVER, RELEASED AND DISCHARGED BY AND ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, AND THEIR ESTATES, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND
ANY AND ALL OTHER PERSONS THAT MAY PURPORT TO ASSERT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION DERIVATIVELY, BY OR THROUGH THE FOREGOING PERSONS,

56 

FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS, ASSERTED OR ASSERTABLE ON BEHALF OF THE
DEBTORS, WHETHER LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, MATURE OR UNMATURED, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, EXISTING OR HEREINAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, BY STATUTE, VIOLATIONS OF FEDERAL OR STATE
SECURITIES LAWS OR OTHERWISE THAT THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THEIR ESTATES, OR THEIR AFFILIATES WOULD HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ENTITLED TO ASSERT IN THEIR OWN RIGHT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM
OR INTEREST OR OTHER PERSON, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE DEBTORS, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, THE GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT, TRANSACTIONS, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION OF THE
DEBTORS, THE PURCHASE, SALE OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF OR CLAIM AGAINST THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE
BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN THE DEBTORS AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE RESTRUCTURING OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE NEGOTIATION, FORMULATION, PREPARATION, EXECUTION, FILING, SOLICITATION, ENTRY INTO,
AND/OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DIP FACILITY, DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT, EXIT FACILITY, THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING AND EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE COMMON
EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT DOCUMENTS, OR ANY RELATED CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY ENTITY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT,
INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, THE PURSUIT OF
CONFIRMATION AND CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE REORGANIZED COMMON
EQUITY), OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN, OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE
RELEASES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9.3 SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS (I) RELEASING ANY RELEASED PARTY FROM CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM AN ACT OR OMISSION

57 

JUDICIALLY DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER TO HAVE CONSTITUTED INTENTIONAL FRAUD (PROVIDED THAT FRAUD SHALL NOT EXEMPT FROM THE SCOPE OF THESE DEBTORS RELEASES ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION
ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 544 OR 548 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR STATE LAWS GOVERNING FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE AVOIDABLE TRANSFERS OR CONVEYANCES), GROSS NEGLIGENCE, RECKLESSNESS OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (II) RELEASING ANY CONTRACTUAL, POST-EFFECTIVE
DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY OR ENTITY UNDER THE PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, OR
(III) TO THE EXTENT THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF CUTERA, INC. DETERMINES TO RECOMMEND THAT ANY DEBTOR SHOULD NOT GRANT RELEASES IN FAVOR OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND
LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THOSE THAT ARE PROPOSED TO BE RELEASED HEREIN BY THE DEBTORS, ANY SUCH RELEASES GIVEN BY THE DEBTORS WILL BE NULL AND VOID AGAINST SUCH PARTY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES; PROVIDED HOWEVER, THAT
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS SECTION 9.3, UPON THE RECOMMENDATION OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF CUTERA, INC., THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9.3 MAY INCLUDE RELEASES IN
FAVOR OF ANY RELEASED PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THOSE THAT ARE PROPOSED TO BE RELEASED HEREIN BY THE DEBTORS, INCLUDING THOSE IN THE
ACTION STYLED NIQUETTE V. HARRIS ET AL., CASE NO. 1:23-CV-01371 (DE).

(b) RELEASES BY HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS.NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS PLAN
TO THE CONTRARY, AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES THAT REMAIN IN EFFECT TO ENFORCE THE PLAN, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1123(B) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE ADEQUACY OF WHICH IS HEREBY
CONFIRMED, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE PLAN OR IN THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AS SUCH LAW MAY BE EXTENDED OR INTEGRATED AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EACH RELEASING PARTY SHALL BE DEEMED
TO HAVE CONCLUSIVELY, ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY, AND FOREVER, RELEASED, AND DISCHARGED THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THEIR ESTATES, AND THE RELEASED PARTIES, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS
AND ASSIGNS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND ANY AND ALL OTHER PERSONS THAT MAY PURPORT TO ASSERT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION DERIVATIVELY, BY OR THROUGH THE FOREGOING PERSONS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES,
AND LIABILITIES

58 

WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ASSERTED OR THAT MAY BE ASSERTED ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS OR THEIR ESTATES, THAT SUCH ENTITY WOULD HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ENTITLED TO
ASSERT IN THEIR OWN RIGHT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST, WHETHER LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, MATURE OR UNMATURED, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN,
EXISTING OR HEREINAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, ANY ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR
BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE DEBTORS, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, THE GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT,
TRANSACTIONS, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION OF THE DEBTORS, THE PURCHASE, SALE OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF OR CLAIM AGAINST THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR
INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN THE DEBTORS AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE RESTRUCTURING OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE NEGOTIATION, FORMULATION, PREPARATION,
EXECUTION, FILING, SOLICITATION, ENTRY INTO, AND/OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DIP FACILITY, DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT, EXIT FACILITY, THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING AND
EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT DOCUMENTS, OR ANY RELATED CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY ENTITY
REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH
THE FOREGOING, THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION AND CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE REORGANIZED COMMON EQUITY), OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN, OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE
CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9.3 SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS (I) RELEASING ANY RELEASED PARTY FROM CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION

59 

ARISING FROM AN ACT OR OMISSION JUDICIALLY DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER TO HAVE CONSTITUTED INTENTIONAL FRAUD (PROVIDED THAT FRAUD SHALL NOT EXEMPT FROM THE SCOPE OF THESE RELEASES ANY CLAIMS
OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 544 OR 548 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR STATE LAWS GOVERNING FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE AVOIDABLE TRANSFERS OR CONVEYANCES), GROSS NEGLIGENCE, RECKLESSNESS OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (II) RELEASING ANY
CONTRACTUAL, POST-EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY OR ENTITY UNDER THE PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE SET FORTH
IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, OR (III) TO THE EXTENT THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF CUTERA, INC. DETERMINES TO RECOMMEND THAT ANY DEBTOR SHOULD NOT GRANT RELEASES IN FAVOR OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS,
OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, ANY SUCH RELEASES GIVEN BY THE CONSENTING SENIOR NOTEHOLDERS WILL BE NULL AND VOID AND THE CONSENTING SENIOR NOTEHOLDERS WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATIONS TO OFFER
OR CONSENT TO SUCH RELEASES OF SUCH PARTY OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES.

Section 9.4 Exculpation and Limitation of Liability.

WITHOUT AFFECTING OR LIMITING THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.3 OF THIS PLAN, AND NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, NO EXCULPATED PARTY SHALL HAVE OR INCUR LIABILITY FOR, AND EACH EXCULPATED PARTY IS HEREBY RELEASED AND EXCULPATED FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES,
AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, EXISTING OR HEREINAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE DEBTORS, THE CHAPTER 11
CASES, THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DIP FACILITY, DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT, EXIT FACILITY, THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING AND EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE COMMON EQUITY
CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT DOCUMENTS, THE FORMULATION, PREPARATION, DISSEMINATION, NEGOTIATION OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR ANY CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING, THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE PLAN, OR PARTICIPATION IN THE COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING, THE PURSUIT OF CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN,
THE ADMINISTRATION AND 

60 

IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, OR UPON ANY
OTHER ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE RELATED OR RELATING TO THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM AN ACT OR OMISSION THAT IS JUDICIALLY
DETERMINED IN A FINAL ORDER TO HAVE CONSTITUTED INTENTIONAL FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BUT IN ALL RESPECTS, SUCH EXCULPATED PARTIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REASONABLY RELY UPON THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THEIR DUTIES AND
RESPONSIBILITIES. THE EXCULPATED PARTIES HAVE, AND UPON COMPLETION OF THE PLAN, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE, PARTICIPATED IN GOOD FAITH AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS WITH REGARD TO THE SOLICITATION OF, VOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF
CONSIDERATION PURSUANT TO, THE PLAN AND, THEREFORE, ARE NOT, AND ON ACCOUNT OF SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS SHALL NOT BE, LIABLE AT ANY TIME FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW, RULE, OR REGULATION GOVERNING THE SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OR REJECTIONS
OF THE PLAN OR SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. THIS EXCULPATION SHALL BE IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIMITATION OF, ALL OTHER RELEASES, INDEMNITIES, EXCULPATIONS, AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, OR REGULATIONS PROTECTING SUCH
EXCULPATED PARTIES FROM LIABILITY. 

Section 9.5 Injunction. 

UPON ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS AND OTHER PARTIES IN INTEREST, ALONG WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE
PRESENT OR FORMER EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS, AFFILIATES, AND RELATED PARTIES SHALL BE ENJOINED FROM TAKING ANY ACTIONS TO INTERFERE WITH THE IMPLEMENTATION OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN IN RELATION TO ANY CLAIM EXTINGUISHED,
DISCHARGED, OR RELEASED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL ENTITIES THAT HAVE HELD, HOLD, OR MAY HOLD CLAIMS AGAINST OR INTERESTS IN THE DEBTORS AND OTHER PARTIES IN INTEREST
(OTHER THAN CLAIMS THAT ARE REINSTATED UNDER THE PLAN), ALONG WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE PRESENT OR FORMER EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS, AFFILIATES, AND RELATED PARTIES, ARE PERMANENTLY ENJOINED, FROM AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE,
FROM TAKING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS AGAINST, AS APPLICABLE, THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE RELEASED PARTIES, OR THE EXCULPATED PARTIES (TO THE EXTENT OF THE EXCULPATION PROVIDED PURSUANT TO SECTION 9.4 OF
THE PLAN WITH RESPECT TO THE EXCULPATED PARTIES): (I) 

61 

COMMENCING, CONDUCTING, OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS,
INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION; (II) ENFORCING, LEVYING, ATTACHING, COLLECTING, OR RECOVERING BY ANY MANNER OR MEANS, WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY JUDGMENT, AWARD, DECREE, OR ORDER AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION; (III) CREATING, PERFECTING, OR ENFORCING ANY LIEN OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ANY KIND, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES OR THE PROPERTY OR THE ESTATES OF SUCH ENTITIES
ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION; (IV) ASSERTING ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, SUBROGATION, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY KIND AGAINST ANY OBLIGATION DUE FROM SUCH ENTITIES OR AGAINST THE
PROPERTY OF SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION UNLESS SUCH ENTITY HAS TIMELY ASSERTED SUCH SETOFF RIGHT IN A DOCUMENT FILED WITH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT ON OR BEFORE THE
EFFECTIVE DATE EXPLICITLY PRESERVING SUCH SETOFF, AND NOTWITHSTANDING AN INDICATION OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST OR OTHERWISE THAT SUCH ENTITY ASSERTS, HAS, OR INTENDS TO PRESERVE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW OR OTHERWISE; AND
(V) COMMENCING, CONDUCTING, OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION RELEASED OR SETTLED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.
NO PERSON OR ENTITY MAY COMMENCE OR PURSUE A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION OF ANY KIND AGAINST THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, OR THE RELEASED PARTIES THAT RELATES TO OR IS REASONABLY LIKELY TO RELATE TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH,
RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUT OF A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION RELATED TO THE CHAPTER 11 CASES PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY IS A RELEASING PARTY, WITHOUT THE BANKRUPTCY COURT (1) FIRST DETERMINING,
AFTER NOTICE AND A HEARING, THAT SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION REPRESENTS A COLORABLE CLAIM AND (2) SPECIFICALLY AUTHORIZING SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY TO BRING SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST THE DEBTORS, REORGANIZED DEBTORS, OR RELEASED
PARTY. AT THE HEARING FOR THE BANKRUPTCY COURT TO DETERMINE WHETHER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION REPRESENTS A COLORABLE CLAIM OF ANY KIND, THE BANKRUPTCY COURT MAY, OR SHALL IF ANY DEBTOR, REORGANIZED DEBTOR, EXCULPATED PARTY, RELEASED PARTY, OR
OTHER PARTY IN INTEREST REQUESTS BY MOTION (ORAL MOTION BEING SUFFICIENT), DIRECT THAT SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY SEEKING TO COMMENCE OR PURSUE SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION FILE A PROPOSED COMPLAINT WITH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT EMBODYING SUCH CLAIM OR
CAUSE OF ACTION, SUCH COMPLAINT 

62 

SATISFYING THE APPLICABLE RULES OF FEDERAL PROCEDURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RULE 8 AND RULE 9 (AS APPLICABLE), WHICH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT SHALL ASSESS BEFORE MAKING A DETERMINATION. FOR
THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PARTY THAT OBTAINS SUCH DETERMINATION AND AUTHORIZATION AND SUBSEQUENTLY WISHES TO AMEND THE AUTHORIZED COMPLAINT OR PETITION TO ADD ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION NOT EXPLICITLY INCLUDED IN THE AUTHORIZED COMPLAINT OR
PETITION MUST OBTAIN AUTHORIZATION FROM THE BANKRUPTCY COURT BEFORE FILING ANY SUCH AMENDMENT IN THE COURT WHERE SUCH COMPLAINT OR PETITION IS PENDING. THE BANKRUPTCY COURT WILL HAVE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO ADJUDICATE THE UNDERLYING
COLORABLE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION. 

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE INJUNCTION DOES NOT ENJOIN ANY
PARTY UNDER THIS PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, OR UNDER ANY OTHER DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THIS PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, FROM BRINGING AN
ACTION TO ENFORCE THE TERMS OF THIS PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, OR SUCH DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THIS PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER. 

THE INJUNCTIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.5 SHALL EXTEND TO ANY SUCCESSORS OF THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE
RELEASED PARTIES, AND THE EXCULPATED PARTIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY AND INTERESTS IN PROPERTY. 

Section 9.6 Setoffs and
Recoupment. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein or in the DIP Orders, the Reorganized Debtors pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code
(including section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code), applicable bankruptcy or non-bankruptcy Law, or as may be agreed to by the Holder of an Allowed Claim, may set off or recoup against any Allowed Claim and the
distributions to be made pursuant to this Plan on account of such Allowed Claim, any Claims, rights, and Causes of Action of any nature that the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may hold against the Holder of such Allowed Claim, to the extent such
Claims, rights, or Causes of Action have not been otherwise compromised or settled on or prior to the Effective Date (whether pursuant to this Plan, a Final Order or otherwise); provided that neither the failure to effect such a setoff or
recoupment nor the allowance of any Claim pursuant to this Plan shall constitute a waiver or release by such Reorganized Debtors of any such Claims, rights, and Causes of Action. 

(b) In no event shall any Holder of Claims be entitled to set off or recoup any Claim against any Claim, right, or Cause of Action of a Debtor
or a Reorganized Debtor, as applicable, unless such Holder actually has performed such recoupment and provided notice thereof in writing to the Debtors in accordance with Section 11.12 hereof on or before the Effective
Date, notwithstanding any indication in any Proof of Claim or otherwise that such Holder asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of recoupment. 

63 

Section 9.7 Release of Liens. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein or in any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document created pursuant to this Plan,
on the Effective Date and concurrently with the applicable distributions made pursuant to this Plan, all mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests against any property of the Estates (other than Liens securing the DIP
Facility, which Liens shall be retained by the DIP Agent to secure the Exit Facility and any remaining obligations under the DIP Facility) shall be fully released and discharged, and all of the right, title, and interest of any Holder of such
mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests shall revert to the Reorganized Debtors and their successors and assigns. 

(b) To the extent that any Holder of a Secured Claim that has been satisfied or discharged in full pursuant to this Plan, or any agent for
such Holder, has filed or recorded publicly any Liens or security interests to secure such Holders Secured Claim, then as soon as practicable on or after the Effective Date, such Holder (or the agent for such Holder) shall take any and all
steps requested by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors that are necessary or desirable to record or effectuate the cancellation or extinguishment of such Liens or security interests, including the making of any applicable filings or recordings,
and the Reorganized Debtors shall be entitled to make any such filings or recordings on such Holders behalf. 

ARTICLE X.

RETENTION OF JURISDICTION 

Notwithstanding the entry of the Confirmation Order and the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall retain exclusive
jurisdiction over all matters arising out of, or related to, the Chapter 11 Cases and this Plan pursuant to sections 105(a) and 1142 of the Bankruptcy Code, including jurisdiction to: 

(a) Allow, Disallow, determine, liquidate, classify, estimate, or establish the priority, nature, validity, amount, or secured or unsecured
status of any Claim or Interest, including the resolution of any request for payment of any Administrative Claim and the resolution of any and all objections to the allowance, priority or amount of Claims or Interests; 

(b) Decide and resolve all matters related to the granting and denying, in whole or in part, any applications for allowance of compensation or
reimbursement of expenses to Retained Professionals authorized pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or this Plan; 

(c) Resolve any matters
related to: (i) the assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to which any Debtor is party or with respect to which any Debtor may be liable and to hear, determine, and, if necessary,
liquidate, any Cure Costs arising therefrom, including Cure Costs pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; (ii) any potential contractual obligation under any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that is assumed; and (iii) any
dispute regarding whether a contract or lease is or was executory or expired; 

64 

(d) Ensure that distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims are accomplished pursuant to the
provisions of this Plan; 

(e) Adjudicate, decide, or resolve any motions, adversary proceedings, contested, or litigated matters, and any
other matters, and grant or deny any applications involving the Debtors that may be pending on the Effective Date; 

(f) Adjudicate,
decide, or resolve any and all matters related to Causes of Action; 

(g) Adjudicate, decide, or resolve any and all matters related to
section 1141 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

(h) Resolve any and all avoidance or recovery actions under sections 105, 502(d), 542 through 551,
and 553 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

(i) Resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action that may arise in connection
with the interpretation or enforcement of this Plan or any Entitys obligations incurred in connection with this Plan; 

(j) Enter and
implement such orders as may be necessary or appropriate to execute, implement, or consummate the provisions of this Plan and all contracts, instruments, releases, indentures, and other agreements or documents created in connection with this Plan or
the Disclosure Statement; 

(k) Enter and enforce any order for the sale of property pursuant to sections 363, 1123, or 1146(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code; 

(l) Issue injunctions, enter and implement other orders, or take such other actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to restrain interference by any Entity with Consummation or enforcement of this Plan; 

(m) Resolve any cases, controversies, suits,
disputes, or Causes of Action with respect to the releases, injunctions, and other provisions contained in this Plan and enter such orders as may be necessary or appropriate to implement such releases, injunctions, and other provisions; 

(n) Resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action with respect to the repayment or return of distributions and the
recovery of additional amounts owed by the Holder of a Claim or Interest for amounts not timely repaid; 

(o) Enter and implement such
orders as are necessary or appropriate if the Confirmation Order is for any reason modified, stayed, reversed, revoked, or vacated; 

(p)
Determine any other matters that may arise in connection with or relating to this Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Confirmation Order, the Restructuring Support Agreement, or any contract, instrument, release, indenture, or other agreement or
document created in connection with this Plan or the Disclosure Statement; 

65 

(q) Enter an order or final decree concluding or closing the Chapter 11 Cases; 

(r) Adjudicate any and all disputes arising from or relating to distributions under this Plan; 

(s) Consider any modifications of this Plan, to cure any defect or omission, or to reconcile any inconsistency in any Bankruptcy Court order,
including the Confirmation Order; 

(t) Hear and determine disputes arising in connection with the interpretation, implementation, or
enforcement of this Plan or the Confirmation Order, including disputes arising under agreements, documents, or instruments executed in connection with this Plan (other than any dispute arising after the Effective Date under, or directly with respect
to, the Exit Facility Documents, Equity Rights Offering Documents, Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, the New Organizational Documents, and the Management Incentive Plan, which such disputes shall be adjudicated in accordance with the terms
of the Exit Facility Documents, Equity Rights Offering Documents, Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, the New Organizational Documents, and the respective documents evidencing the Management Incentive Plan, respectively). 

(u) Hear and determine matters concerning state, local, and federal taxes in accordance with sections 346, 505, and 1146 of the Bankruptcy
Code; 

(v) Hear and determine all disputes involving the existence, nature, or scope of the Debtors discharge, including any dispute
relating to any liability arising out of the termination of employment or the termination of any employee or retiree benefit program, regardless of whether such termination occurred prior to or after the Effective Date; 

(w) Enforce all orders previously entered by the Bankruptcy Court; and 

(x) Hear any other matter not inconsistent with the Bankruptcy Code, this Plan, or the Confirmation Order. 

ARTICLE XI. 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 11.1 Immediate Binding Effect. 

Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 3020(e), 6004(g), or 7062 or otherwise, upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, the terms of this Plan and
the final versions of the documents contained in the Plan Supplement shall be immediately effective and enforceable and deemed binding upon the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and any and all Holders of Claims and Interests (irrespective of
whether Holders of such Claims or Interests have or are deemed to have accepted this Plan), all Entities that are parties to or are subject to the settlements, compromises, releases, discharges, and injunctions described in this Plan, each Entity
acquiring property under this Plan and any and all non-Debtor parties to Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. The Confirmation Order shall contain a waiver of any stay of enforcement otherwise applicable,
including pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 3020(e) and 7062. 

66 

Section 11.2 Payment of Statutory Fees. 

All Bankruptcy Fees as determined by the Bankruptcy Court or as agreed to by the U.S. Trustee and Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as
applicable, shall be paid when due and payable for each quarter (including any fraction thereof) until the Chapter 11 Cases are converted, dismissed, or closed, whichever occurs first. 

Section 11.3 No Substantive Consolidation. 

The Plan is being proposed as a joint plan of reorganization of the Debtors for administrative purposes only and constitutes a separate
chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each Debtor. The Plan is not premised upon the substantive consolidation of the Debtors with respect to the Classes of Claims or Interests set forth in the Plan. 

Section 11.4 Amendments. 

(a) Plan Modifications. Subject to the limitations contained in this Plan, the Debtors reserve the right, in accordance with the
Bankruptcy Code and the Bankruptcy Rules: (a) to amend or modify this Plan prior to the entry of the Confirmation Order, including amendments or modifications to satisfy section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (b) after the entry of
the Confirmation Order, the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as the case may be, may, upon order of the Bankruptcy Court, amend or modify this Plan, in accordance with section 1127(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, or remedy any defect or omission or
reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan in such manner as may be necessary to carry out the purpose and intent of this Plan; provided that such amendment in (a) or (b) above shall be reasonably acceptable to the Required Consenting
Senior Noteholders. 

(b) Effect of Confirmation on Modifications. Entry of the Confirmation Order shall mean that all modifications
or amendments to this Plan since the solicitation thereof are approved pursuant to section 1127(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and do not require additional disclosure or re-solicitation under Bankruptcy Rule 3019.

(c) Certain Technical Amendments. Prior to the Effective Date, with the reasonable consent of the Required Consenting Senior
Noteholders, the Debtors may make appropriate technical adjustments and modifications to this Plan without further order or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 

Section 11.5 Revocation or Withdrawal of Plan. 

Subject to the conditions to the Effective Date and subject to the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Debtors reserve the right
to revoke or withdraw this Plan prior to the entry of the Confirmation Order and to file subsequent plans of reorganization. If the Debtors revoke or withdraw this Plan, or if entry of the Confirmation Order or the Effective Date does not occur,
then: (a) this Plan with respect to the Debtors shall be null and void in all respects; (b) any settlement or compromise embodied in this Plan, assumption or rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases effected by this Plan and
any document or agreement executed pursuant 

67 

hereto shall be deemed null and void with respect to the Debtors; and (c) nothing contained in this Plan with respect to the Debtors shall: (i) constitute a waiver or release of any
Claims by or against, or any Interests in, the Debtors or any other Entity; (ii) prejudice in any manner the rights of the Debtors or any other Entity; or (iii) constitute an admission of any sort by the Debtors or any other Entity. 

Section 11.6 Governing Law. 

Except to the extent that the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, or other federal Law, rule, or regulation is applicable, or to the extent
that an exhibit, supplement, or other document related to this Plan (including, without limitation, the DIP Facility Documents, the Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, the
New Organizational Documents, and the Management Incentive Plan), provides otherwise, this Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of Laws
thereof that would require application of the Law of another jurisdiction. 

Section 11.7 Successors and Assigns. 

The rights, benefits, and obligations of any Entity named or referred to in this Plan shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of
any heir, executor, administrator, successor, Affiliate, assign, officer, director, agent, representative, attorney, beneficiary, or guardian, if any, of each such Entity. 

Section 11.8 No Successor Liability. 

Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan and the Confirmation Order, the Reorganized Debtors (a) are not, and shall not be
deemed to assume, agree to perform, pay or otherwise have any responsibilities for any liabilities or obligations of the Debtors or any other Person relating to or arising out of the operations or the assets of the Debtors on or prior to the
Effective Date, (b) are not, and shall not be, successors to the Debtors by reason of any theory of law or equity or responsible for the knowledge or conduct of the Debtors prior to the Effective Date and (c) shall not have any successor
or transferee liability of any kind or character. 

Section 11.9 Severability.

If, prior to the entry of the Confirmation Order, any term or provision of this Plan is determined by the Bankruptcy Court to be invalid,
void, or unenforceable, the Bankruptcy Court, at the request of the Debtors, shall have the power to alter and interpret such term or provision to render it valid or enforceable to the maximum extent practicable, consistent with the original purpose
of the term or provision held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, and such term or provision shall then be applicable as so altered or interpreted. Notwithstanding any such holding, alteration, or interpretation, the remaining terms and
provisions of this Plan shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated by such holding, alteration, or interpretation. The Confirmation Order shall constitute a judicial determination and shall
provide that each term and provision of this Plan, as it may have been altered or interpreted in accordance with the foregoing, is valid and enforceable pursuant to its terms. 

68 

Section 11.10 Filing of Additional Documents.

On or before the Effective Date, the Debtors may file with the Bankruptcy Court such agreements and other documents as may be necessary or
appropriate to effectuate and further evidence the terms and conditions of this Plan, subject to the terms of this Plan and the Restructuring Support Agreement. The Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, and all Holders of Claims or
Interests receiving distributions pursuant to this Plan and all other parties in interest shall, from time to time, prepare, execute, and deliver any agreements or documents and take any other actions as may be necessary or advisable to effectuate
the provisions and intent of this Plan or the Confirmation Order. 

Section 11.11 Reservation of Rights. 

This Plan shall have no force or effect unless and until the Bankruptcy Court enters the Confirmation Order. None of the filing of this Plan,
any statement or provision contained in this Plan, or the taking of any action by the Debtors with respect to this Plan or the Disclosure Statement, shall be or shall be deemed to be an admission or waiver of any rights of the Debtors with respect
to the Holders of Claims or Interests or any other matter prior to the Effective Date. 

Section 11.12 Service of
Documents.

Any pleading, notice, or other document required by this Plan to be served on or delivered to the Debtors or
Reorganized Debtors shall be served on: 

Cutera, Inc. 

3240 Bayshore Boulevard 

Brisbane, CA 94005-1021 

Attn: 

Stephana Patton 

Email: 

spatton@cutera.com 

with copies to: 

Ropes &
Gray LLP 

191 North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor 

Chicago, IL 60606 

Attn: 

Ryan Preston Dahl 

Conor P. McNamara 

Email: 

Ryan.Dahl@ropesgray.com 

Conor.McNamara@ropesgray.com 

-and-

Ropes & Gray LLP 

1211
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10036 

Attn: 

Natasha S. Hwangpo 

Email: 

Natasha.Hwangpo@ropesgray.com 

69 

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors

and 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP

600 Travis Street, Suite 4200 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attn: 

Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II 

Philip M. Guffy 

Catherine A. Rankin 

E-mail: 

taddavidson@hunton.com 

philipguffy@hunton.com 

catherinerankin@hunton.com 

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors

and 

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,
Wharton & Garrison LLP 

1285 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10019-6064 

Attn: 

Jacob A. Adlerstein 

Sean A. Mitchell 

Email: 

jadlerstein@paulweiss.com 

smitchell@paulweiss.com 

Counsel to the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders

and 

Porter Hedges LLP 

1000 Main St., 36th Floor 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attn: 

John F. Higgins 

E-mail: 

jhiggins@porterhedges.com 

Co-Counsel to Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders

and 

Office of the United States
Trustee 

Southern District of Texas 

515 Rusk Street, Suite 3516 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attn: 

Ha Nguyen 

Vianey Garza 

Email: 

ha.nguyen@usdoj.gov 

vianey.garza@usdoj.gov 

70 

After the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors are authorized to send a notice to
Entities informing them that in order to continue to receive documents pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002, they must file a renewed request to receive documents pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002. After the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors are
authorized to limit the list of Entities receiving documents pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002 to those Entities who have filed such renewed requests. 

Section 11.13 Section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code.

As of the Confirmation Date, (a) the Debtors shall be deemed to have solicited acceptances of this Plan in good faith and in compliance
with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, and any applicable non-bankruptcy Law, rule, or regulation governing the adequacy of disclosure in
connection with such solicitation and (b) the Debtors and the Consenting Senior Noteholders and each of their respective Affiliates, agents, directors, officers, employees, advisors, and attorneys shall be deemed to have participated in good
faith, and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, in the offer and issuance of any securities under this Plan, and, therefore, are not, and on account of such offer, issuance and solicitation shall not be, liable at any
time for any violation of any applicable Law, rule or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of this Plan or the offer and issuance of any securities under this Plan. 

Section 11.14 Tax Reporting and Compliance.

The Reorganized Debtors shall be authorized to request an expedited determination under section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code for all tax
returns filed for, or on behalf of, the Debtors for any and all taxable periods ending after the Petition Date through, and including, the Effective Date. 

Section 11.15 Exhibits, Schedules, and Supplements.

All exhibits, schedules, and supplements to this Plan are incorporated into and are a part of this Plan as if fully set forth herein. 

Section 11.16 Entire Agreement.

Except as otherwise indicated, on the Effective Date, this Plan shall supersede all previous and contemporaneous negotiations, promises,
covenants, agreements, understandings, and representations on such subjects, all of which have become merged and integrated into this Plan. 

71 

Section 11.17 Allocation of Payments.

To the extent that any Allowed Claim entitled to distribution hereunder is comprised of indebtedness and accrued but unpaid interest thereon,
such distribution shall, for all U.S. federal income tax purposes, be allocated to the principal amount of such Claim first, and then, to the extent that the consideration exceeds such principal amount, to the portion of such Claim representing
accrued but unpaid interest (but solely to the extent that interest is an allowable portion of such Allowed Claim). 

Section 11.18
Prepayment. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or the Confirmation Order, the Debtors shall have the right to prepay,
without penalty, all or any portion of an Allowed Claim at any time; provided, however, that any such prepayment shall not be violative of, or otherwise prejudice, the relative priorities and parities among the Classes of Claims. 

Section 11.19 Conflicts.

In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this Plan and the Disclosure Statement, the terms of this Plan shall control in all
respects. In the event of a conflict between this Plan and the Plan Supplement, the terms of the relevant document in the Plan Supplement shall control (unless stated otherwise in such Plan Supplement document or in the Confirmation Order). The
provisions of this Plan and of the Confirmation Order shall be construed in a manner consistent with each other so as to effect the purposes of each; provided that if there is determined to be any inconsistency between any Plan provision and
any provision of the Confirmation Order that cannot be so reconciled, then, solely to the extent of such inconsistency, the provisions of the Confirmation Order shall govern and any such provision of the Confirmation Order shall be deemed a
modification of this Plan and shall control and take precedence. 

Section 11.20 Closing of Chapter 11 Cases.

After an Estate has been fully administered, the Reorganized Debtors shall seek authority from the Bankruptcy Court to close the
applicable Chapter 11 Case(s) in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules; provided that, as of the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may submit orders to the Bankruptcy Court under certification of counsel closing one
of the Chapter 11 Cases and changing the caption of the Chapter 11 Cases accordingly; provided further that, matters concerning Claims may be heard and adjudicated in any Debtors Chapter 11 Case that remains open regardless of whether
the applicable Claim is against a Debtor in a Chapter 11 Case that is closed. 

Section 11.21 Term of Injunctions or Stays.

Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or in the Confirmation Order, all injunctions or stays in effect in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant
to sections 105 or 362 of the Bankruptcy Code or any order of the Bankruptcy Court, and extant on the Confirmation Date (excluding any injunctions or stays contained in the Plan or the Confirmation Order) shall remain in full force and effect until
the Effective Date. All injunctions or stays contained in the Plan or the Confirmation Order shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. 

72 

Section 11.22 Dissolution of Committee.

On the Effective Date, any official committees appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases, shall dissolve; providedthat following the
Effective Date, any such committees shall continue in existence solely for the purpose of filing and prosecuting applications for allowance of Professional Fee Claims. Upon the dissolution of any official committees appointed in the Chapter 11 Case
such committee members and their respective Professionals shall cease to have any duty, obligation, or role arising from or related to the Chapter 11 Cases and shall be released and discharged from all rights and duties from or related to the
Chapter 11 Cases. 

Respectfully submitted, 

Cutera, Inc.

(on behalf of itself and its affiliated Debtors)

By: 

/s/ Taylor Harris

Name: Taylor Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

73 

EXHIBIT B 

Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement 

EXHIBIT C 

Interim DIP Order 

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 

HOUSTON DIVISION 

x 

: 

In re : Chapter 11

: 

Cutera, Inc, et al., : Case No. 25[] ([])

: 

Debtors.1 : (Joint Administration Requested)

: Docket No. []

x 

INTERIM ORDER (I) AUTHORIZING 

THE DEBTORS TO OBTAIN POSTPETITION SENIOR SECURED 

SUPERPRIORITY FINANCING, (II) GRANTING LIENS AND PROVIDING 

CLAIMS WITH SUPERPRIORITY ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES STATUS, 

(III) SCHEDULING A FINAL HEARING, AND (IV) GRANTING RELATED RELIEF 

Upon the motion (the Motion) of the above referenced debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the
Debtors) in the above-referenced chapter 11 cases (the Chapter 11 Cases), for entry of an interim order (this Interim Order) and a final order (Final
Order), pursuant to sections 105, 361, 362, 363, 364, 503, and 507 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101, et seq. (as amended, the Bankruptcy Code), Rules 2002, 4001, 6003, 6004
and 9014 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (as amended, the Bankruptcy Rules), Rules 2002-1,4001-1(b),4002-1(i), and 9013-1 of the Bankruptcy Local Rules of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the Bankruptcy Local
Rules), and the Procedures for Complex Cases in the Southern District of Texas (the (Complex Case Procedures), seeking, inter alia: 

(i) 

authority for (a) the Debtors, including Cutera, Inc. (the Borrower), to obtain up to
$25,000,000.00 in principal amount of senior secured postpetition financing on a superpriority basis in respect of a new money delayed draw 

1 

The Debtors in these Chapter 11 cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtors federal tax
identification number, are as follows: Cutera, Inc. (2262) and Crystal Sub, LLC (6339). The Debtors service address is 3240 Bayshore Boulevard, Brisbane, CA 94005-1021. 

term loan facility (the DIP Facility, and loans made pursuant to the DIP Facility, the DIP Loans, and the commitments to make DIP Loans thereunder, the
DIP Commitments), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Interim Order and that certain Superpriority Senior Secured Debtor-in-Possession
Credit Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, waived, or supplemented from time to time, the DIP Credit Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex 1 and together with this
Interim Order, and all appendices, exhibits or schedules hereto and to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, the Approved Budget (as defined below), and all other agreements, instruments, pledge agreements, guarantees, fee
letters, control agreements, and other ancillary documents related thereto (including any security agreements, intellectual property security agreements, mortgages, or notes) as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, waived or modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, collectively, the DIP Loan Documents),2 among the Borrower, the guarantor identified on the signature pages to
the DIP Loan Documents (the Guarantor), the other lenders identified on the DIP Credit Agreement (the DIP Lenders) and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as the DIP Agent (the DIP Agent
and, together with the DIP Lenders, the DIP Secured Parties), and (b) the Guarantor to guaranty the Borrowers obligations in respect of the DIP Loans and all other obligations and indebtedness of the Borrower under or
arising in connection with the DIP Loan Documents; 

(ii) 

authority for the Debtors to execute and deliver the DIP Loan Documents and to perform such other acts as may
be necessary or desirable in connection with the DIP Loan Documents; 

(iii) 

authority for the Debtors to borrow up to $[15] million of DIP Loans (the Interim Amount) to
be available and funded following the entry of the Interim Order to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and their estates, with the remaining $[10] million of DIP Commitments to be available and funded following entry of the Final
Order (in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Final Order and the other DIP Loan Documents); 

2 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to those terms in the Motion and
DIP Loan Documents, as applicable. 

2 

(iv) 

authority for the Debtors to, subject to the Carve-Out (defined below)
and Permitted Prior Senior Liens,3 grant security interests, liens, and superpriority claims (including a superpriority administrative claim pursuant to sections 364(c)(1), 503(b) and 507(b)
of the Bankruptcy Code, and liens pursuant to sections 364(c)(2) and 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code) to the DIP Agent, on behalf of itself and the other DIP Secured Parties, to secure all obligations of the Debtors under and with respect to the
DIP Facility (collectively, the DIP Obligations), including, subject to entry of the Final Order, on the proceeds and property recovered in respect of the Debtors claims and causes of action (but not on the actual claims and
causes of action) arising under Chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 544, 545, 547, 548, and 550 or any other similar state or federal law (collectively, the Avoidance Action Proceeds); 

(v) 

authority for the Debtors to pay the principal, interest, premiums, fees, expenses, and other amounts payable
under the DIP Loan Documents as such become earned, due and payable, including the Upfront Payment, the Repayment Premium, audit fees, appraisal fees, valuation fees, liquidator fees, structuring fees, administrative agents and collateral
agents fees, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of the DIP Agents and the other DIP Secured Parties attorneys, advisors, accountants, and other professionals, consultants, and other representatives, all to the
extent provided in, and in accordance with, this Interim Order and the other DIP Loan Documents; 

(vi) 

authority for the Debtors to waive any right to surcharge any DIP Collateral pursuant to sections 105(a) and
506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise (subject to the payment in full in cash of the Carve-Out), and the equitable doctrine of marshaling and other similar doctrines; 

(vii) 

modification of the automatic stay imposed under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code to the extent necessary to
implement and effectuate the terms and provisions of this Interim Order and the Final Order; 

(viii) 

that this Court hold an interim hearing (the Interim Hearing) to consider the relief sought
in the Motion and entry of the proposed Interim Order; 

(ix) 

that this Court schedule a final hearing (the Final Hearing) to consider entry of the Final
Order granting the relief requested in the Motion on a final basis; 

(x) 

waiver of any applicable stay with respect to the effectiveness and enforceability of the Interim Order or the
Final Order (including a waiver pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 6004(h)); and 

(xi) 

granting related relief; 

3 

Permitted Prior Senior Liens means liens on property of the Debtors (including the proceeds
of such property) that are in existence on the Petition Date but only, if applicable, (A) to the extent such liens on any property is valid, perfected, and not avoidable, or (B) to the extent such liens constitute valid, non-avoidable liens that are perfected subsequent to the Petition Date as permitted by section 546(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. Moreover, nothing shall prejudice the rights of any party-in-interest, including, but not limited to the Debtors, the DIP Secured Parties, or the Committee, if any, to challenge the validity, priority, enforceability, seniority, avoidability, perfection, or
extent of any alleged Permitted Prior Senior Liens. 

3 

and the Interim Hearing having been held by this Court on March [], 2025; and due and sufficient
notice of the Motion and the relief sought at the Interim Hearing having been given under the particular circumstances by the Debtors pursuant to the Bankruptcy Rules and Bankruptcy Local Rules; this Court having considered the Motion, the exhibits
attached thereto, the Milne Declaration, the Braun Declaration, the First Day Declaration (collectively, the Declarations) and all other pleadings related thereto, including the record made by the Debtors at the Interim Hearing;
and all objections, if any, to the interim relief requested in the Motion having been withdrawn, resolved, or overruled by the Court; and it appearing that approval of the interim relief requested in the Motion is necessary to avoid immediate and
irreparable harm to the Debtors and their estates pending the Final Hearing, and otherwise is fair and reasonable and in the best interests of the Debtors, their estates, and all
parties-in-interest, and is essential for the continued operation of the Debtors businesses and the preservation of the value of the Debtors assets; and it
appearing that the Debtors entry into the DIP Loan Documents is a sound and prudent exercise of the Debtors business judgment; and after due deliberation and consideration, and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor: 

THE COURT HEREBY FINDS AS FOLLOWS: 

A. Petition Date. On March [], 2025 (the Petition Date), each Debtor filed with this Court a voluntary petition
for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the Court). 

B. Debtors in Possession. The Debtors are continuing to operate their respective businesses and manage their respective properties as
debtors in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code. No trustee, examiner, or statutory committee has been appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases. 

4 

C. Committee Formation. No official committee of unsecured creditors
(the Committee), as provided for under section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code, has been appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases. 

D. Notice. Proper, timely, sufficient and appropriate notice of the Motion and the Interim Hearing has been provided in accordance with
the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the Bankruptcy Local Rules, and no other or further notice of the Motion with respect to the relief requested at the Interim Hearing or the entry of this Interim Order shall be required. 

E. Cash Collateral. As of the date of entry of this Interim Order, all of the Debtors cash, including any cash in their deposit
accounts, wherever located, whether as proceeds of the DIP Facility or DIP Collateral (defined below), constitutes cash collateral, as such term is defined in section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (Cash Collateral), of the DIP
Secured Parties. 

F. Findings Regarding Postpetition Financing. 

(a) The Debtors have an immediate and critical need to obtain postpetition financing under the DIP Facility to, among other things, fund
working capital requirements, costs, and expenses of administration of the Chapter 11 Cases (including for funding the Carve Out), and fees and expenses relating to the DIP Facility during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases. Without access to the
DIP Facility to the extent authorized pursuant to this Interim Order, the Debtors and their estates would suffer immediate and irreparable harm. The Debtors do not have sufficient available sources of working capital and financing to operate their
businesses, maintain their properties in the ordinary course of business, and preserve the going-concern value of their estates, without access to the DIP Facility. 

5 

(b) The DIP Facility is the best source of debtor-in-possession financing available to the Debtors at this time. Given their current financial condition, the Debtors have been and continue to be unable to obtain financing from sources other than the
DIP Lenders on terms more favorable than the DIP Facility. The Debtors would be unable to obtain (i) adequate unsecured credit allowable either (a) under sections 364(b) and 503(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, or (b) under section
364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case, from sources other than the DIP Secured Parties on terms more favorable than the terms of the DIP Facility. The only viable source of credit available to the Debtors is the DIP Facility together with
its related fees and expenses. The Debtors require additional financing under the DIP Facility under the terms of this Interim Order to satisfy their postpetition liquidity needs. 

(c) The DIP Lenders have indicated a willingness to provide the Debtors with the DIP Facility, but solely on the terms and conditions set
forth in this Interim Order and in the DIP Loan Documents. Accordingly, after considering all of their practical alternatives, the Debtors have concluded, in an exercise of their sound business judgment, that the financing to be provided by the DIP
Lenders pursuant to the terms of this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents represents the best financing currently available to the Debtors. 

(d) The security interests and liens granted pursuant to this Interim Order to the DIP Lenders are appropriate under section 364(c) of the
Bankruptcy Code because, among other things, such security interests and liens do not impair the interests of any holder of a valid, perfected, prepetition security interest or lien in the property of the Debtors estates. 

6 

(e) Good cause has been shown for immediate entry of this Interim Order pursuant to
Bankruptcy Rules 4001(c)(2) and Bankruptcy Local Rule 4001-2(b). In particular, the authorization granted herein for the Debtors to execute the DIP Loan Documents and to obtain interim financing is necessary
to avoid immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors and their estates. Entry of this Interim Order is in the best interests of the Debtors and their estates and creditors. The terms of the DIP Loan Documents are fair and reasonable under the
circumstances, reflect the Debtors exercise of prudent business judgment consistent with their fiduciary duties, and provide the Debtors reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration. 

G. Sections 506(c) and Marshaling. In light of, among other things (i) the DIP Agents and the DIP Secured Parties
agreement that their liens and superpriority claims shall be subject to the Carve-Out; and (ii) the DIP Agents and the other DIP Secured Parties agreement to the payment (in a manner
consistent with the Approved Budget and subject to the terms and conditions of this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents) of certain expenses of administration of these Chapter 11 Cases, the DIP Agent and the other DIP Secured Parties seek a
waiver of the provisions of section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code and the equitable doctrine of marshaling and other similar doctrines. 

H. Good Faith. Based upon the pleadings and proceedings of record in the Chapter 11 Cases, (a) the terms and conditions of the DIP
Facility have been negotiated in good faith and at arms length among the Debtors and the DIP Secured Parties with the assistance and counsel of their respective advisors; (b) any credit to be extended, loans to be made, and other
financial accommodations to be extended to the Debtors by the DIP Secured Parties, including, without limitation, pursuant to this Interim Order, have been allowed, advanced, extended, issued, or made, as the case may be, in good faith
within the meaning of section 364(e) of the 

7 

Bankruptcy Code by the DIP Secured Parties in express reliance upon the protections offered by section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (c) the DIP Facility, the DIP Liens (as defined
below), and the DIP Superpriority Claims (as defined below), shall be entitled to the full protection of section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code in the event that this Interim Order or any provision hereof is reversed or modified on appeal. 

I. Immediate Entry. Sufficient cause exists for immediate entry of this Interim Order pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 4001(c)(2) and
Bankruptcy Local Rule 4001-1(b). The Motion and this Interim Order comply with the requirements of Bankruptcy Local Rule 4001-1(b).

J. Consents. The Debtors acknowledge, represent, stipulate, and agree that subject to the entry of this Interim Order, no consent or
authorization of, filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained or made by any Loan Party for the extensions of credit hereunder or such Loan Partys execution and delivery of, or performance of its
obligations under, or validity or enforceability of, the DIP Credit Agreement or any of the other DIP Loan Documents to which it is party, as against or with respect to such Loan Party, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices
which have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) consents, authorizations, filings and notices the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) the filings
referred to in the DIP Credit Agreement. 

K. Based on the foregoing, and upon the record made before this Court at the Interim Hearing,
and good and sufficient cause appearing therefor, 

8 

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED THAT:4

1. Jurisdiction and Venue. Consideration of the Motion constitutes a
core proceeding as defined in 28 U.S.C. 157(b)(2). This Court has jurisdiction over this proceeding and the parties and property affected hereby pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1334. The Court may enter a final order approving the
relief sought in the Motion consistent with Article III of the United States Constitution. Venue for the Chapter 11 Cases and the proceedings on the Motion is proper in this district pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1408. The predicates for
the relief sought herein are sections 105, 361, 362, 363, 364, 503 and 507 of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules 2002, 4001, 6003, 6004 and 9014, and Bankruptcy Local Rules 2002-1,4001-1(b), and 9013-1.

2. Notice. The Interim Hearing
was held pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 4001(c)(2). Notice of the Motion and the relief requested thereby and granted in this Interim Order has been provided in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules, Bankruptcy Local Rules, and Complex
Case Procedures, and no further notice was required under the circumstances. This Court concludes that the form, scope, and timing of the foregoing notice complies with the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, the Bankruptcy Local Rules, and any
other applicable law, and, under the circumstances, no further notice relating to the Interim Hearing or Motion is necessary or required. 

3. Approved Budget. 

(a)
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement and the other DIP Loan Documents, the Borrower shall from time to time prepare and provide to the DIP Agent a rolling 13-week
consolidated weekly operating budget of the Debtors setting 

4 

Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7052, findings of fact shall be construed as conclusions of law and conclusions of
law shall be construed as findings of fact. 

9 

forth projected operating receipts, vendor disbursements, net operating cash flow and liquidity on a weekly basis, substantially in the form of the initial budget annexed hereto as Annex 2 (the
initial budget and each subsequent budget delivered and approved in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement, an Approved Budget). For the avoidance of doubt, until an updated Approved Budget is approved by the Required Lenders as
provided in the DIP Credit Agreement, the existing Approved Budget shall remain in effect. The Borrower may use the proceeds of the DIP Facility and DIP Collateral for the purposes set forth in and up to (but not in excess of) the amounts set forth
in the Approved Budget, together with the Permitted Variance (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order. 

(b) The Approved Budget may be updated, amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, or otherwise modified from time to
time in any manner as to which Debtors and the Required Lenders mutually agree in writing (email being sufficient) without further order of this Court, including through the procedures set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement. 

4. Borrowing Authorization. 

(a) The DIP Facility. The DIP Facility is hereby approved on an interim basis as set forth herein. The Debtors are expressly and
immediately authorized to execute and deliver the DIP Loan Documents, enter into and perform the transactions contemplated in this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents and such additional documents, instruments, and agreements as may be
reasonably required by the DIP Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) to implement the terms or effectuate the purposes of this Interim Order, and to receive financial accommodations and borrow under the DIP Facility subject to the
terms set forth herein and in 

10 

the DIP Credit Agreement. The Debtors shall pay, in accordance with this Interim Order, the principal, interest, premiums, fees, payments, expenses, and other amounts described in the DIP Credit
Agreement and the other DIP Loan Documents as such amounts become due and payable, without the need to obtain further Court approval, and to take any other actions that may be necessary or appropriate, all as provided in this Interim Order or the
DIP Loan Documents. The DIP Credit Agreement and the other DIP Loan Documents shall constitute and evidence the validity and binding effect of the DIP Obligations, which are hereby deemed to be the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the
Debtors and each of their respective estates, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof and the DIP Loan Documents against each such Debtor, its respective estate, and any successor of each such Debtor or any representative of the estates
(including a trustee, responsible person, or examiner with expanded powers appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases or any case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code upon the conversion of any of the Chapter 11 Cases, or in any other proceedings
superseding or related to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Successor Cases)). Upon entry of this Interim Order, the DIP Obligations will include all loans and any other indebtedness or obligations, contingent or absolute,
which may now or from time to time be owing by any of the Debtors to the DIP Agent or any of the DIP Secured Parties, in each case, under the DIP Loan Documents or this Interim Order or secured by the DIP Liens (as defined below), including, without
limitation, all principal, accrued and unpaid interest, costs, fees, expenses, and other amounts owing under the DIP Loan Documents. The Debtors shall be jointly and severally liable for the DIP Obligations. No obligation, payment, transfer, or
grant of collateral security hereunder or under the DIP Loan Documents (including any DIP Obligation or DIP Liens) shall be stayed, restrained, voidable, avoidable, or recoverable under the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable law (including,

11 

without limitation, under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code, section 724(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, or any other provision with respect to avoidance actions under the Bankruptcy Code or applicable
state or foreign law equivalents) or subject to any avoidance, reduction, setoff, recoupment, offset, recharacterization, subordination (whether equitable, contractual, or otherwise, but other than to the
Carve-Out), counterclaim, cross-claim, defense, or any other challenge under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable law or regulation by any person or entity. 

(b) Authorization to Borrow. To prevent immediate and irreparable harm to the Debtors estates, from the entry of this Interim
Order through and including the earliest to occur of (i) entry of the Final Order and (ii) the DIP Termination Date (as defined below), subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations on availability set forth in the DIP Loan Documents
and this Interim Order, the Debtors are hereby authorized to (x) borrow under the DIP Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to the Interim Amount and (y) use Cash Collateral (including any proceeds of the DIP
Facility) of the DIP Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Interim Order. 

(c) Use of Proceeds. Subject to and in
accordance with the Approved Budget, the Debtors are authorized to utilize the proceeds of the DIP Facility to, among other things, (i) pay general corporate or working capital requirements, (ii) pay the costs and expenses of
administration of the Chapter 11 Cases, including the fees and expenses of professionals associated with the Chapter 11 Cases, and (iii) pay fees and expenses relating to the DIP Facility during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, including
the Upfront Payment and Repayment Premium; provided that the Approved Budget shall not permit or be deemed to limit the Carve-Out (defined below) or the estate professional fees and expenses. 

12 

5. Due Authorization. The Debtors acknowledge, represent, stipulate, and agree, and
this Court hereby finds and orders, that: 

(a) in entering into the DIP Loan Documents, and as consideration therefor and for the other
accommodations and agreements of the DIP Secured Parties reflected herein and in the DIP Loan Documents, until such time as all of the DIP Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full in cash (excluding contingent indemnification obligations for which
no claim has been asserted) or as otherwise provided in the DIP Credit Agreement5 and the termination of the DIP Loan Documents in accordance with their terms and all DIP Commitments, with such
payment being without prejudice to any terms or provisions contained in the DIP Facility which survive such discharge by their terms (the DIP Repayment), it shall be an Event of Default if the Debtors in any way prime or seek to
prime the DIP Obligations, the DIP Liens, or the DIP Superpriority Claims provided to the DIP Secured Parties under this Interim Order by offering a subsequent lender or a party in interest a superior or pari passu lien or administrative
expense pursuant to sections 105(a), 326, 328, 330, 331, 364(c), 364(d), 503, 506, 507, 546(c), 552(b), 726 (other than expenses of a trustee under section 726(b)) or 1114 of the Bankruptcy Code) or otherwise or acquiesce thereto except as expressly
authorized in the DIP Credit Agreement; provided, that the DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims shall be subordinate and subject to the Carve-Out (defined below) in all respects; 

5 

For the avoidance of doubt, the DIP Credit Agreement provides that, upon the satisfaction of certain
conditions, the DIP Obligations shall be repaid through the issuance of term loans under the Exit Facility (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement) on a
dollar-for-dollar basis, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in, and otherwise in accordance with, the Restructuring Support Agreement and an Acceptable Plan
of Reorganization; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding amount of interest on the Plan Effective Date shall be paid in full in cash on such date. 

13 

(b) the Guarantor is liable for, and hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to the
DIP Secured Parties the full and prompt payment when due (whether at maturity or earlier, by reason of acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter) and performance of, all DIP Obligations owed or hereafter owing to the DIP Secured Parties
by the Borrower. The Guarantor agrees that its guarantee obligation hereunder shall be, and is, absolute and unconditional for all purposes in these Chapter 11 Cases and any Successor Cases and is a present and continuing guaranty of payment and
performance and not of collection. It shall constitute an Event of Default if the Guarantors obligations under this Interim Order and any DIP Loan Document are discharged prior to the DIP Repayment.

6. DIP Interest and Payment of Expenses. 

(a) The DIP Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable rate (including any applicable default rate upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default) as and to the extent set forth in the DIP Loan Documents, and be due and payable in accordance with this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, in each case without further notice, motion or application to,
order of, or hearing before this Court. 

(b) The Debtors shall pay the reasonable and documented prepetition and postpetition fees and
expenses of the attorneys and advisors as provided for herein or in the DIP Credit Agreement or the other DIP Loan Documents limited to (i)(A) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, as
co-counsel to the DIP Lenders, (B) Porter Hedges LLP, as co-counsel to the DIP Lenders, (C) Centerview Partners, LLC, as financial advisor to the DIP Lenders,
and (D) any other advisors as shall be deemed necessary by the DIP Lenders (the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors) and (ii)(A) McDermott Will & Emery LLP, as counsel for the DIP Agent, and (B) any other advisors as
shall be deemed necessary by the DIP Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders. None of the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors or any legal or financial advisors for the DIP Agent (including any successor agent) shall be required to file an

14 

application seeking compensation for services or reimbursement of expenses incurred following entry of this Interim Order with this Court. Each Ad Hoc Committee Advisor and legal or financial
advisor for the DIP Agent seeking compensation for services or reimbursement of expenses under the DIP Credit Agreement or the other DIP Loan Documents, this Interim Order, or a Final Order shall transmit a summary invoice of its reasonable fees and
out-of-pocket expenses (which shall include a description of the nature of the matters for which services were performed but shall not be required to contain time
entries, and which may be reasonably redacted or modified to protect from disclosure any confidential information or information otherwise subject to a protective privilege such as attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product privilege (and
the provision of such invoices shall not constitute any waiver of the attorney-client privilege or of any benefits of the attorney work-product doctrine)) by e-mail to counsel to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee,
and counsel to the Committee, if any (together, the Review Parties); provided that, the Review Parties may reasonably request additional detail regarding the services rendered and expenses incurred by such professionals.
The Review Parties, shall have seven (7) business days from receipt of a statement or invoice (the Review Period) in which to raise an objection to the payment of any fees and expenses of such attorneys and advisors (the
Disputed Fees), setting forth the specific objections to the Disputed Fees. Upon the expiration of the Review Period, the Debtors shall promptly pay in full in cash all such fees and expenses other than the Disputed Fees. To the
extent any objection has been interposed within the Review Period and cannot be consensually resolved, the dispute will be scheduled for adjudication at the next regularly-scheduled omnibus hearing in the Chapter 11 Cases, and the Debtors shall pay
any and all portion of the Disputed Fees whose payment has been approved by the Court at such hearing within three (3) business days of such approval. Notwithstanding the 

15 

foregoing, the Debtors shall pay on or about the Closing Date all reasonable and documented fees, costs, and
out-of-pocket expenses of the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors and any legal or financial advisors for the DIP Agent (including any successor agent), in accordance with, and
subject to the DIP Credit Agreement, incurred on or prior to such date without the need for any professional to first deliver a copy of its invoice as provided for herein (other than to the Debtors). For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors shall not
have an obligation to pay such reasonable and documented fees, costs, and out-of-pocket expenses of the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors and any legal or financial advisors for
the DIP Agent until invoices are provided to the Debtors. 

7. Amendments. The DIP Loan Documents and the Approved Budget may from
time to time be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, waived, or supplemented by the parties thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, and each of the Debtors is expressly authorized and empowered to enter into and implement such
amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, modifications, waivers, or supplements from time to time in accordance with the terms of the DIP Loan Documents, without further order of this Court if the amendment, restatement, amendment and
restatement, modification, waiver or supplement is not material or is necessary to conform the terms of the DIP Loan Documents or the Approved Budget to this Interim Order. Any material amendment, restatement, amendment and restatement,
modification, waiver, or supplement to the DIP Loan Documents (a Material Amendment) shall be filed with the Court no later than three (3) business days prior to the anticipated date of effectiveness of any such Material
Amendment, and if no objection is made by the U.S. Trustee and Committee, if any, within such three (3) business day period, then, without further application to or order of the Court, the Material Amendment shall automatically

16 

be deemed approved and effective; provided that if an objection is made within such three (3) business day period, then such Material Amendment shall be subject to a hearing and approval of
the Court; provided, further that, the foregoing shall be without prejudice to the Debtors right to immediately seek approval from the Court of a Material Amendment on an expedited basis. For the avoidance of doubt, the extension
of a Milestone shall not constitute a material amendment, restatement, amendment and restatement, modification, waiver, or supplement to the DIP Loan Documents. 

8. DIP Collateral. As security for the DIP Obligations, effective immediately upon entry of this Interim Order pursuant to sections
361, 362, 364(c)(2), and 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, and subject in all respects to the Carve Out, the DIP Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other DIP Secured Parties, is hereby granted valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, non-avoidable and automatically perfected liens upon and security interests in all real and personal property, whether now existing or hereafter arising and wherever located, tangible or intangible, of each of the
Debtors, including, inter alia, (i) all of those items and types of collateral in which security interests may be created under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code and, to the extent not expressly prohibited by law or contract, all of
those items and types of collateral not governed by Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, including any and all cash and cash equivalents, deposit accounts, securities accounts, other receivables and rights to the payment of money (including,
without limitation, tax refunds and other extraordinary payments), chattel paper, contract rights, inventory (wherever located), instruments (including, without limitation, promissory notes), documents, securities (whether marketable or not) and
investment property (including, without limitation, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each of the Debtors subsidiaries, including foreign subsidiaries), all 

17 

securities accounts and security entitlements related thereto, and financial assets carried therein, hedge agreements, furniture, fixtures, equipment (including documents of title), goods,
vehicles, franchise rights, trade names, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, pending patents, license rights, intellectual property, general intangibles (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment intangibles and hedging agreements),
supporting obligations, guarantees, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, causes of action, and all substitutions, indemnification rights, all present and future intercompany debt, books, records, ledger cards, files, correspondence,
customer lists, blueprints, technical specifications, manuals, computer software, computer printouts, tapes, disks, and other electronic storage media and related data processing software related to the foregoing, licenses issued by any federal or
state regulatory authority, any leasehold or other real property interests (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all owned real property interests and all proceeds of leased real property; provided that liens shall not attach to or encumber
the Debtors non-residential real property leases (or leasehold interest created thereby) that restrict or prohibit the grant of such liens or security deposits held pursuant to such leases, but such
liens shall attach solely to the proceeds of such leases, as applicable), and proceeds, accessions, products, rents, and profits of the foregoing, wherever located, including insurance proceeds and other proceeds; (ii) actions brought under
section 549 of the Bankruptcy Code to recover any postpetition transfer of DIP Collateral; (iii) subject to and upon entry of the Final Order, the Avoidance Action Proceeds (but not the Avoidance Actions); (iv) subject to and upon entry of
the Final Order, the proceeds of any exercise of the Debtors rights under sections 506(c) or 550 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Recovery Actions), provided that no liens shall attach to the Recovery Actions; (v) all
assets of the Debtors that are not otherwise subject to the Permitted Prior Senior Liens; (vi) any assets of the Debtors that are subject to Permitted Prior Senior Liens (the Encumbered Collateral); (vii) any and all other
collateral of any nature or form; and (viii) the products, rents, offspring, profits, and proceeds of any of the foregoing (collectively, (i)-(viii), the DIP Collateral). 

18 

9. Superpriority Claims and DIP Liens. In respect of the DIP Obligations under the
DIP Credit Agreement, the other DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order, the DIP Agent, for its own behalf and on behalf of the other DIP Secured Parties, is granted the following with respect to the Debtors, their estates and all DIP Collateral:

(a) a superpriority administrative expense claim pursuant to section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code with priority over all other
administrative expenses pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code (including the kinds specified in or arising or ordered pursuant to sections 105(a), 326, 328, 330, 331, 361, 362, 363, 364, 503(a), 503(b), 506(c), 507, 546, 552(b), 726, 1113, and 1114 of the
Bankruptcy Code or otherwise), which superpriority expenses of the DIP Agent (on behalf of itself and the other DIP Secured Parties) shall be subordinate in all respects to the Carve-Out (the DIP
Superpriority Claims); provided that pursuant to applicable bankruptcy law, the granting of such DIP Superpriority Claims does not affect the status and superior priority of any liens, including the liens of the DIP Agent (for
itself and on behalf of the other DIP Secured Parties) and the holder of any of the Permitted Prior Senior Liens. Subject to entry of the Final Order, the DIP Superpriority Claims shall be payable from the Avoidance Action Proceeds; 

(b) a first priority security interest and lien pursuant to section 364(c)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code on all DIP Collateral of the Debtors
other than Encumbered Collateral (the Section 364(c)(2) Liens), including, subject to entry of the Final Order, Avoidance Action Proceeds and proceeds of Recovery Actions, which Section 364(c)(2) Liens shall be
subject only to the Carve-Out; and 

19 

(c) a junior security interest and lien pursuant to section 364(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code
on all DIP Collateral constituting Encumbered Collateral (collectively, the Section 364(c)(3) Liens and, together with the Section 364(c)(2) Liens, the DIP Liens), which Section 364(c)(3) Liens
shall be subject to the Permitted Prior Senior Liens and the Carve-Out.

(d) Except for the Carve-Out and the Permitted Prior Senior Liens, and as otherwise provided in this Paragraph 9, none of the DIP Obligations, DIP Liens, or DIP Superpriority Claims shall be (i) made pari passu with or
subject or subordinate to, (A) any lien or security interest that is avoided and preserved for the benefit of the Debtors and their estates under section 551 of the Bankruptcy Code, (B) unless otherwise provided for in the DIP Loan
Documents or in this Interim Order, any liens or security interests arising after the Petition Date, including any liens or security interests granted in favor of any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental unit (including any regulatory
body), commission, board, or court for any liability of the Debtors, (C) any intercompany or affiliate claims, whether secured or unsecured, or liens of the Debtors or any domestic or foreign subsidiary or affiliate of any Debtor, (D) any
orders of attachment or judicial liens, or (E) any other lien or security interest that is heretofore or hereinafter granted in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, including under sections 361, 363 or 364 of the Bankruptcy Code,
(ii) avoided and preserved for the benefit of the Debtors estates under section 551 of the Bankruptcy Code, or (iii) be subject to sections 510, 549, or 550 of the Bankruptcy Code. The DIP Liens shall be valid and enforceable
against any trustee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, upon the conversion of any of the Chapter 11 Cases to Successor Cases, and/or upon the dismissal or conversion of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or Successor Cases. 

20 

(e) Nothing herein waives or modifies any right or remedy of the DIP Lenders to challenge
the validity, priority, extent, enforceability, or amount of any Permitted Prior Senior Lien. 

10.
Carve-Out. 

(a) Generally. The Carve Out shall be senior to all claims and liens
over all assets of the Debtors, including for the avoidance of doubt DIP Collateral. The DIP Liens and the DIP Superpriority Claims, shall in all respects be subject to the payment of, without duplication, and subordinate to, the following fees and
expenses (the Carve-Out) from, at the Debtors discretion, any Cash Collateral, loan proceeds of the DIP Facility or proceeds resulting from the liquidation of DIP Collateral: 

(i) whether allowed by the Court at any time and without regard to whether such fees and expenses are provided for in the Budget, including
any interim approval as set forth in any procedures approved by the Court, the unpaid fee and expense claims (Professional Fees) of the respective professionals retained by the Debtors and the Committee, if any, pursuant to sections 327,
328, 363, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Retained Professionals), including any restructuring fee, sale fee, transaction fee or other success fee payable to the Debtors investment banker (Success
Fees), which were incurred (A) before the Carve-Out Trigger Date (defined below), and (B) on and after the Carve-Out Trigger Date in an aggregate
amount not exceeding $500,000 (the foregoing clause (B) being the Post Carve-Out Cap); 

21 

(ii) the unpaid fees payable to the U.S. Trustee pursuant to section 1930 of Title 28 of
the United States Code plus statutory interest, if any, imposed under 31 U.S.C. 3717 and the Clerk of the Court. There is no limitation on the obligations of the Debtors and their estates with respect to unpaid fees payable to the U.S.
Trustee and Clerk of the Court pursuant to section 1930 of Title 28 of the United States Code; and 

(iii) all reasonable and documented
fees and expenses incurred by a trustee under section 726(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and allowed by the Court in an amount not to exceed $[50,000]. 

(b) Carve-Out Trigger Date. As used herein, the term
Carve-Out Trigger Date means the business day following the date upon which the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) provides written notice by email (or other electronic
means) (the Carve-Out Trigger Notice) to the Debtors lead restructuring counsel (Ropes & Gray LLP and Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP), counsel to the DIP Lenders (Paul, Weiss,
Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP and Porter Hedges LLP), the U.S. Trustee, and counsel to the Committee, if any (the Carve Out Notice Parties), which notice may be delivered following the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default and acceleration of the DIP Obligations under the DIP Facility, that the Carve-Out is invoked and the Post-Carve-Out Cap is imposed.

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d)
Professional Fees Account. On Tuesday of each week starting with the first full calendar week following the Petition Date, each Retained Professional shall deliver to the Debtors and the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors a statement (each, a
Weekly Statement) setting forth a good-faith estimate (the Estimated Fees and Expenses) of the amount of fees and expenses incurred during the preceding week by such professional (through Saturday of such week,
the Calculation Date); provided, that within two (2) business days after the Carve-Out

22 

Trigger Date, each Retained Professional shall deliver one additional final statement setting forth a good-faith estimate of the amount of fees and expenses incurred during the period commencing
on the calendar day after the most recent Calculation Date for which a Weekly Statement has been delivered and concluding on the Carve-Out Trigger Date. The Debtors shall, on a weekly basis, transfer cash
proceeds from cash on hand in an amount equal to the Estimated Fees and Expenses of each Retained Professional (or if a Retained Professional has not delivered a Weekly Statement, the fees for such Retained Professional in the Approved Budget) into
a segregated account not subject to the control of the DIP Agent, any DIP Secured Party, or any other secured party and shall not be subject to any cash sweep and/or foreclosure provisions in the DIP Loan Documents (the Professional Fees
Account). At any time, if the Debtors in good faith believe a restructuring, sale, financing, or other success fee has been earned by a Retained Professional, the Debtors shall deposit in the Professional Fees Account an amount equal to
such fee. The Debtors shall cause funds held in the Professional Fees Account to be used to pay Professional Fees solely as they become allowed and payable pursuant to any interim or final orders of the Court or otherwise; provided that when all
allowed Professional Fees have been paid in full (regardless of when such Professional Fees are allowed by the Court), any funds remaining in the Professional Fees Account shall revert to the Debtors for use in accordance with the DIP Orders;
provided, further that the Debtors obligations to pay allowed Professional Fees shall not be limited or be deemed limited to funds held in the Professional Fees Account. The Professional Fees Account, and all funds held in the
Professional Fees Account, shall be held in trust exclusively for the benefit of the Retained Professionals, including with respect to obligations arising out of the Carve-Out. Funds transferred to the
Professional Fees Account shall not be subject to any liens or claims granted to the DIP Secured Parties, or to any other 

23 

party pursuant to this Interim Order, shall not constitute DIP Collateral, and shall not be or be deemed to be property of any Debtors estate; provided that the DIP Collateral shall
include the Debtors reversionary interest in funds held in the Professional Fees Account, if any, after all Professional Fees have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash (regardless of when such Professional Fees are allowed by the Court). The
Debtors shall not be permitted to draw upon the Professional Fees Account other than (i) to pay Professional Fees as they become allowed and payable pursuant to any interim, final or procedural orders of the Court or (ii) to fund the Carve-Out (including for the avoidance of doubt the Post Carve-Out Cap). The Debtors obligations to pay Professional Fees shall not be limited or be deemed limited to
funds held in the Professional Fees Account. The Professional Fees Account, and all funds held in the Professional Fees Account, shall be held in trust exclusively for the benefit of the Retained Professionals and, after the Carve-Out Trigger Date, the parties benefiting from the Carve-Out.

(e) The occurrence of the Carve-Out Trigger Date shall (1) constitute a demand to the Debtors to
transfer cash from cash on hand in an amount equal to the Carve-Out into a segregated account outside the control of any DIP Secured Party exclusively to pay such obligations (the Carve-Out Reserve Account), provided that the Carve-Out Reserve Account may be the Professional Fees Account and (2) be deemed a draw request and notice of
borrowing by the Debtors for DIP Loans in an amount equal to (x) the then unpaid amounts of the Professional Fees plus (y) reasonably estimated fees not yet allowed for the period through and including the
Carve-Out Trigger Date and (z) the Post Carve-Out Cap. Any funding of the Carve Out shall be added to and made a part of the DIP Obligations secured by the DIP
Collateral and shall be otherwise entitled to the protections granted under this Interim Order, the DIP Loan Documents, the Bankruptcy Code, and applicable law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

24 

herein, (i) disbursements by the Debtors from the Carve-Out Reserve Account shall not constitute DIP Loans, (ii) the failure of the Carve-Out Reserve Account to satisfy in full the Professional Fees shall not affect the priority of the Carve-Out, and (iii) in no way shall the Carve-Out, the Professional Fees Account, the Carve-Out Reserve Account or the Budget (or Approved Budget), or any of the foregoing be construed as a cap or limitation on the
amount of the Professional Fees that may be allowed by the Court and payable by the Debtors and their estates at any time (whether by interim order, final order, or otherwise). 

(f) Reduction of Amounts. The Post Carve-Out Cap shall be reduced, dollar-for-dollar, by the aggregate amount of payments made after the Carve-Out Trigger Date on account of fees and expenses incurred
after the Carve-Out Trigger Date to Retained Professionals. 

(g) Reservation of Rights. The
DIP Secured Parties reserve their rights to object to the allowance of any fees and expenses and any fees incurred before, on or after the Carve-Out Trigger Date. The payment of any fees or expenses of the
Retained Professionals pursuant to the Carve-Out shall not, and shall not be deemed to, (i) reduce any Debtors obligations owed to any of the DIP Secured Parties or to any holder of any Permitted
Prior Senior Liens, or (ii) modify, alter, or otherwise affect any of the liens and security interests of such parties in the DIP Collateral (or their respective claims against the Debtors). The DIP Secured Parties shall not be responsible for
the direct payment or reimbursement of any fees or disbursements of any Retained Professional, the U.S. Trustee or Clerk of the Court (or of any other entity) incurred in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, and nothing in
this Interim Order or otherwise shall be construed to obligate such parties in any way to pay such compensation to or to reimburse such expenses. 

25 

11. Waiver of Right to Surcharge. In light of (a) the consent of the DIP Secured
Parties to the current payment of administrative expenses of the Debtors estates in accordance with the Approved Budget, (b) the agreement of the DIP Secured Parties to subordinate the DIP Superpriority Claims to the Carve-Out, and (c) the agreement of the DIP Secured Parties to subordinate the DIP Liens to the Carve-Out and Permitted Prior Senior Liens, the DIP Secured Parties with
respect to the DIP Collateral are entitled to a waiver of the any surcharge pursuant to the provisions of sections 105(a) or 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. No costs or expenses of administration or other charge, lien, assessment, or claim incurred
at any time (including, without limitation, any expenses set forth in the Approved Budget) by any Debtor or any other person or entity shall be imposed or charged against any or all of the DIP Collateral and the DIP Secured Parties, or their
respective claims or recoveries under the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 105(a) and 506(c) thereof or otherwise, and the Debtors, on behalf of their estates, waive any such rights. It is expressly understood by all parties that in making all
such undertakings and proceeding in compliance with the Approved Budget, this Interim Order, and the DIP Loan Documents, the DIP Secured Parties have each relied on the foregoing provisions of this Paragraph. Notwithstanding any approval of or
consent to the Approved Budget, nothing in this Interim Order shall constitute or be deemed to constitute the consent by any of the DIP Secured Parties to the imposition of any costs or expense of administration or other charge, lien, assessment, or
claim (including, without limitation, any amounts set forth in the Approved Budget) against such party, its claims, or its collateral under sections 105(a) or 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise and no such consent shall be implied from any
other action or inaction by such parties. 

26 

12. No Marshaling. None of the DIP Secured Parties or DIP Collateral shall be subject
to the doctrine of marshaling or any similar doctrine or law of any jurisdiction requiring the recovery upon or application to any indebtedness of any collateral or proceeds in any particular order or action. 

13. Automatic Perfection. 

(a) The DIP Liens granted to the DIP Agent (on behalf of itself and the other DIP Secured Parties) pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP
Loan Documents shall be valid, enforceable, and perfected by operation of law upon entry of this Interim Order by this Court without any further action by any party, including any filing or recording that may otherwise be required under the law or
regulation of any jurisdiction or the taking of any other action, and this Interim Order shall be sufficient and conclusive evidence of the creation, validity, perfection and priority of all liens granted herein, including the DIP Liens. Neither the
DIP Agent or the other DIP Secured Parties in respect of the DIP Liens shall be required to enter into or to obtain any control agreements, landlord waivers (unless required by law or contract), mortgagee waivers, bailee waivers, or warehouseman
waivers or to give, file, or record any UCC-1 financing statements, mortgages, deeds of trust, leasehold mortgages, notices to account debtors or other third parties, notices of lien, or similar instruments in
any jurisdiction (including filings (unless required by law or contract) with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, or any similar agency in respect of trademarks, copyrights, trade names, or patents with
respect to intellectual property) (collectively, the Perfection Documents), or obtain consents from any licensor or similarly situated party in interest, or take any other action to validate, record, or perfect the DIP Liens
granted under the DIP Loan Documents and this Interim Order and approved hereby, all of which are automatically and immediately perfected by 

27 

the entry of this Interim Order. If the DIP Agent or any other DIP Secured Party, independently or collectively, in each case in their respective sole discretion, choose to obtain, enter into,
give, record, or file any Perfection Documents, (x) all such Perfection Documents shall be deemed to have been obtained, entered into, given, recorded, or filed, as the case may be, as of the Closing Date, (y) no defect in any such act
shall affect or impair the validity, perfection, priority, or enforceability of the DIP Liens, and (z) such liens shall have the relative priority set forth herein notwithstanding the timing of filing of any such Perfection Documents. In lieu
of the optional recording or filing any Perfection Documents, the DIP Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) may, in its sole discretion, choose to record or file a true and complete copy of this Interim Order in any place that any
Perfection Document would or could be recorded or filed (which may include a description of the collateral appropriate to be indicated in a recording or filing at such place of recording or filing), and such recording or filing by the DIP Agent or
any other DIP Secured Party shall have the same effect as if such Perfection Document had been filed or recorded as of the Petition Date. The Debtors are authorized to execute and deliver promptly upon request to the DIP Agent all Perfection
Documents as the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) may reasonably request to ensure the DIP Agent and the DIP Lenders have valid and perfected liens as contemplated by the DIP Credit Agreement and this Interim Order. 

(b) The authorization, grant, perfection, scope, and vesting of the DIP Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claims, and the DIP Obligations
are fully effectuated by this Interim Order and any security agreements, collateral agreements, or other Perfection Documents executed as part of the DIP Loan Documents shall supplement the authorization, grant, perfection, scope, and vesting set
forth herein as well as the powers and protections accorded to the DIP Agent and the other DIP Secured Parties, but in no event shall any such security agreement, collateral agreement, or other Perfection Document be interpreted as a
limitation of such provisions of this Interim Order. 

28 

14. Limitation on Use of Proceeds. Notwithstanding anything in this Interim Order to
the contrary, no portion or proceeds of the DIP Facility, the DIP Collateral, including Cash Collateral, or the Carve-Out, and no disbursements set forth in the Approved Budget may be used by the Debtors or
any other party in interest, or their representatives, to (or support any other party to) pay professional fees, disbursements, costs, or expenses incurred in connection with: (a) investigating, analyzing, commencing, prosecuting, threatening,
litigating, objecting to, contesting, challenging in any manner or raising any defense to the validity, perfection, priority, or enforceability of, or any amount due under, the DIP Loan Documents or any security interests, liens, or claims granted
under this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents to secure such amounts; (b) asserting any challenges, claims, actions, or causes of action, including Avoidance Actions, against any of the DIP Secured Parties or any of their respective
agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, representatives, attorneys, or advisors; (c) preventing, hindering or otherwise delaying the DIP Agents or the DIP Lenders assertion, enforcement or realization on the DIP
Collateral or the exercise of rights by the DIP Agent or the DIP Lenders once an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; provided, however, the Debtors may challenge the existence of an Event of Default pursuant to Paragraph 18, (d)
seeking to modify the rights granted to the DIP Agent or the DIP Lenders under the DIP Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, or (e) paying any amount on account of any claims arising prior to the Petition
Date unless such payments are approved by an order of the Court (which order may be this Interim Order or the Final Order) and permitted by the DIP Loan Documents. 

29 

15. Milestones. As a condition to the DIP Facility and the use of Cash Collateral,
the Debtors have agreed to the milestones set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement (the Milestones). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure of the Debtors to comply with any of the Milestones (a) shall constitute an Event of
Default under the DIP Facility and this Interim Order, (b) subject to Paragraph 18, result in the automatic termination of the Debtors authority to use Cash Collateral under this Interim Order, and (c) permit the DIP Agent (acting at
the direction of the Required Lenders) or the Required Lenders, in each case subject to Paragraph 18, to exercise the rights and remedies provided for in this Interim Order and the DIP Facility. The Milestones may only be extended by agreement of
the Debtors and the DIP Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders (in their sole discretion)). 

16. Indemnification.
The Debtors shall pay, indemnify and reimburse the DIP Agent, each DIP Lender and each of their affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents, sub-agents, attorneys,
advisors, controlling persons, successors, and assigns and partners and members of each of the foregoing (each, an Indemnified Person), solely to the extent any such Indemnified Person was performing services on behalf of the DIP
Agent and/or DIP Lender, for, and hold each of them harmless from and against, any and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, expenses (including reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements, and other charges of counsel), obligations, losses, damages, penalties, disbursements and liabilities of such
Indemnified Person arising out of or relating to any claim or any actions, judgments, suits, litigation or other proceeding of any nature whatsoever (regardless of whether such Indemnified Person is a party thereto and regardless of whether such
matter is initiated by a third party or by the Debtors or any of their affiliates or 

30 

shareholders) that relates to or arises out of the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of the DIP Loan Documents, the DIP Facility or this Interim Order, including
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any actual or proposed use of the proceeds of any loans made under the DIP Facility in accordance with the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement; provided that no Indemnified Person will be
indemnified for any cost, expense, or liability to the extent determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Persons gross negligence,
willful misconduct, fraud, breach of their obligations under the DIP Facility or violations of this Order. Other than with respect to the proviso at the end of the immediately preceding sentence, nothing herein is meant to limit the scope of any
indemnity provided for the benefit of the DIP Agent or the DIP Lenders or any of their representatives in the DIP Loan Documents; provided that in no event shall any Indemnified Person be liable on any theory of liability for any special,
indirect, consequential, or punitive damages. 

17. Released Parties. Effective as of the date of entry of this Interim Order, the
Debtors absolutely and unconditionally release and forever discharge and acquit the DIP Agent, the DIP Lenders, and their respective successors, assigns, affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, partners, controlling persons, representatives, agents,
attorneys, advisors, financial advisors, consultants, professionals, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, and employees, past, present and future, and their respective heirs, predecessors, successors, and assigns, each solely in
such capacity (collectively, the DIP Released Parties), from any and all obligations and liabilities to the Debtors (and their successors and assigns) and indemnify and hold harmless from and for any and all claims, demands,
liabilities, responsibilities, disputes, remedies, causes of action, indebtedness and obligations, rights, assertions, allegations, actions, suits, 

31 

controversies, proceedings, losses, damages, injuries, attorneys fees, costs, expenses, or judgments of every type (in each case, arising on or prior to the date of this Interim Order),
whether known, unknown, asserted, unasserted, suspected, unsuspected, accrued, unaccrued, fixed, contingent, pending, or threatened including, without limitation, all legal and equitable theories of recovery, arising under common law, statute or
regulation or by contract, of every nature and description, in each case, arising in connection with or relating to the DIP Facility, the DIP Liens, and security interests or any of the DIP Loan Documents; but excluding obligations of the DIP Lender
under the DIP Loan Documents arising after the date of this Interim Order, and provided that nothing herein shall relieve the DIP Released Parties from fulfilling their obligations under the DIP Loan Documents and/or this Interim Order. For the
avoidance of doubt, the releases set forth in this Paragraph 17 do not include the release of the holders of the Prepetition Notes (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement) that are party to the DIP Credit Agreement (the Prepetition DIP
Notes Parties) in their capacity as such. 

18. Remedies. 

(a) The automatic stay is hereby modified to the extent necessary to permit the DIP Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) or
the Required Lenders to take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times, in each case without further order or application to the Court, immediately upon the date of delivery of a written notice (a Default
Notice and the date of delivery of such Default Notice, the DIP Termination Date) by the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) to the Debtors, counsel for the Committee, if any, and the U.S.
Trustee: immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under the DIP Loan Documents or upon the Maturity Date, (A) declare the termination, reduction or restriction of any applicable further DIP
Commitment 

32 

to the extent any further DIP Commitment remains, (B) cease making financial accommodations to the Debtors, (C) declare all applicable DIP Obligations to be immediately due, owing and
payable in full in cash, without presentment, demand, protest, or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Debtors, notwithstanding anything herein or in any DIP Loan Document to the contrary, (D) terminate the DIP
Loan Documents as to any future liability or obligation of the DIP Agent or the DIP Lenders with respect to the DIP Commitments thereunder (but, for the avoidance of doubt, without affecting any of the DIP Liens, DIP Superpriority Claims, or DIP
Obligations), and (E) fund and apply the Carve-Out through the delivery of a Carve-Out Trigger Notice; provided that upon the occurrence and continuation of an
Event of Default or upon the Maturity Date, but prior to the exercise or enforcement of any rights against the DIP Collateral, the DIP Lenders shall provide seven (7) business days prior written notice to this Court (the Remedies
Notice Period) (which period shall run concurrently with any notice required to be provided under the DIP Loan Documents) and notice via email to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and counsel to the Committee, if any. After the lapse of the
Remedies Notice Period, subject to any Court order provided pursuant to Paragraph 18(b) hereof, the DIP Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall be entitled to (A) exercise all of its rights and remedies under this Interim
Order, the DIP Loan Documents and otherwise available under applicable law, including, without limitation, to foreclose upon the DIP Collateral or otherwise enforce the DIP Obligations, the DIP Liens, and the DIP Superpriority Claims on any or all
of the DIP Collateral and to exercise any other default-related remedies under the DIP Loan Documents, this Interim Order, or applicable law in seeking to recover payment of the DIP Obligations, and (B) withdraw consent to the Debtors
continued use of Cash Collateral. 

33 

(b) During the Remedies Notice Period, (i) the Debtors shall be permitted to cure any
Event of Default and to use Cash Collateral solely to (A) pay payroll and other critical administrative expenses to keep the business of the Debtors operating, strictly in accordance with the Approved Budget (and Permitted Variance) or as
necessary to maintain and maximize the value of the DIP Collateral, or as otherwise agreed by the DIP Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders, (B) fund the Carve-Out Account, and
(C) seek a hearing before the Court, and (ii) any party in interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors) may seek an emergency hearing with the Court within the Remedies Notice Period. In the event the Debtors file a motion
or other pleading with the Court contesting whether an Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, the Remedies Notice Period shall be extended until the Court rules on such motion or pleading or such motion or pleading is withdrawn or
consensually resolved. 

(c) No rights, protections or remedies of the DIP Agent or the DIP Lenders granted by the provisions of this
Interim Order or the other DIP Loan Documents shall be limited, modified or impaired in any way by: (i) any actual or purported withdrawal of the consent of any party to the Debtors authority to continue to use Cash Collateral;
(ii) any actual or purported termination by any party of the Debtors authority to continue to use Cash Collateral; or (iii) the terms of any other order or stipulation related to the Debtors continued use of Cash Collateral.

19. Access to DIP Collateral. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary and without limiting any other rights or
remedies of the DIP Secured Parties contained in this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents, or otherwise available at law or in equity, and subject to the terms of the DIP Loan Documents and the terms of Paragraph 18 hereof, upon written notice
to the landlord of any leased premises that an Event of Default or the Maturity 

34 

Date has occurred and is continuing under the DIP Loan Documents, the DIP Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) may, subject to the applicable notice provisions in this Interim
Order and any separate agreement by and between such landlord and the DIP Agent or any DIP Secured Party (or consent of the landlord), enter upon any leased premises of the Debtors or any other party for the purpose of exercising any remedy with
respect to DIP Collateral located thereon and shall be entitled to all of the Debtors rights and privileges as lessee under such lease without interference from the landlords thereunder. Nothing herein shall require any DIP Secured Party to
assume any lease as a condition to the rights afforded to the DIP Secured Parties in this paragraph. 

20. Insurance Policies.
Effective as of entry of this Interim Order, the Debtors consent to, and, to the fullest extent provided by applicable law, the DIP Agent (on behalf of itself and the other DIP Secured Parties) shall be, and shall be deemed to be, without any
further action or notice, named as additional insureds and loss payees on each insurance policy maintained by the Debtors that in any way relates to DIP Collateral. 

21. Successors and Assigns. This Interim Order, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Loan Documents, including all findings
herein, shall be binding upon all parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases, including, without limitation, the Debtors, the DIP Agent, the DIP Lenders, the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties, the Committee, if any, all other creditors of any of the
Debtors and all other parties in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, any statutory or non-statutory committee, responsible individual, examiner with expanded powers, or other estate
representative or other fiduciary appointed as the legal representative of any of the Debtors and the respective successors and assigns of each of the foregoing, including any subsequently appointed or elected chapter 11 trustee or, in the event of
the conversion of any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases to a liquidation under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, any chapter 7 trustee, and shall inure to the benefit of the DIP Lenders and the Debtors and their successors and assigns.
Such binding effect is an integral part of this Interim Order. 

35 

22. Survival. The provisions of this Interim Order, the DIP Loan Documents and any
actions taken pursuant hereto and thereto, and all of the protections, rights, remedies, liens, priorities, privileges, and benefits granted to any or all of the DIP Secured Parties shall survive, and shall not be modified, impaired, or discharged
by, the entry of any subsequent order, including any order (i) confirming any plan of reorganization or liquidation in any of the Chapter 11 Cases (and, to the extent the DIP Repayment does not occur, each of the Debtors have hereby waived
the right to seek to discharge the DIP Obligations pursuant to section 1141(d)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code pursuant to such order), (ii) converting any of the Chapter 11 Cases to a Chapter 7 case, (iii) dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases
or any Successor Case, (iv) withdrawing of the reference of any of these Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, or providing for abstention from handling or retaining of jurisdiction of any of these Chapter 11 Cases in this Court, or
(v) terminating the joint administration of these Chapter 11 Cases, or by any other act or omission. The terms and provisions of this Interim Order as well as the DIP Obligations, the DIP Liens, the DIP Superpriority Claim, and the DIP Loan
Documents shall continue in full force and effect in the Chapter 11 Cases, any Successor Cases, and following the dismissal of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases, and such protections, rights, remedies, priorities, privileges, benefits,
claims, and liens shall maintain their priority as provided by this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents to the maximum extent permitted by law until the DIP Repayment has occurred.6

6 

For the avoidance of doubt, the DIP Credit Agreement provides that, upon the satisfaction of certain
conditions, the DIP Obligations shall be repaid through the issuance of term loans under the Exit Facility (as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement) on a
dollar-for-dollar basis, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in, and otherwise in accordance with, the Restructuring Support Agreement and an Acceptable Plan
of Reorganization; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding amount of interest on the Plan Effective Date shall be paid in full in cash on such date. 

36 

23. Discharge. Subject to the terms and conditions of the DIP Credit Agreement, the
DIP Obligations shall not be discharged by the entry of an order confirming any plan of reorganization in any of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Case, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, unless the
DIP Repayment has occurred on or before the effective date of such plan of reorganization or the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) has otherwise agreed in writing. 

24. Good Faith. Based on the findings set forth in this Interim Order and the record made during the Interim Hearing, and in accordance
with section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, (a) the DIP Facility, the use of Cash Collateral, and the other provisions of this Interim Order, the DIP Credit Agreement, and the other DIP Loan Documents have been negotiated in good faith and at
arms length among the Debtors and the DIP Secured Parties, and the extension of the financial accommodations to the Debtors by the DIP Secured Parties pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents have been and are deemed to be
extended in good faith, as that term is used in section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, and (b) in the event any or all of the provisions of this Interim Order are hereafter reversed or modified, on appeal, each of the DIP Agent and the DIP
Lenders is entitled to, and are hereby granted, the protections provided in section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code. To the fullest extent provided by section 364(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, any such reversal or modification shall not affect
(i) the validity and enforceability of any obligation, advances, indebtedness or liability under this Interim Order and 

37 

the DIP Loan Documents by the Debtors prior to the date of receipt of written notice to the DIP Agent of the effective date of such action, and (ii) the validity and enforceability of any
lien, administrative expense, right, or priority authorized or created hereby or pursuant to this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the DIP Obligations, the DIP Liens, and the DIP Superpriority Claims. 

25. No Waiver. This Interim Order shall not be construed in any way as a waiver or relinquishment of any rights that the DIP Secured
Parties or any Prepetition DIP Notes Party may have to bring or be heard on any matter brought before this Court. Any consent, modification, declaration of default, exercise of remedies, or non-exercise of
remedies under or in connection with this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents shall require the approval of the Required Lenders and shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any of the rights of any of the DIP Lenders. Except as
expressly set forth herein, nothing contained in this Interim Order shall impair, prejudice, or modify any rights, claims, or defenses available in law or equity to any DIP Secured Parties or Prepetition DIP Notes Party, including, without
limitation, the right (a) to request conversion of any of the Debtors Chapter 11 Cases to Chapter 7, (b) to seek to terminate the exclusive rights of the Debtors to file, and solicit acceptances of, a plan of reorganization under
section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code or propose, subject to the provisions of section 1121 of the Bankruptcy Code, a chapter 11 plan or plans, (c) to object to the fees and expenses of any Retained Professional, (d) to seek relief from the
automatic stay, and (e) seek any other relief, whether legal, equitable or otherwise. All such rights, claims, and defenses, and the rights, objections, and defenses of all parties in connection therewith, are hereby reserved. The failure of
the DIP Agent, the other DIP Lenders, or the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties to seek relief or otherwise exercise their rights and remedies under the Interim Order, the DIP Loan Documents, the Prepetition Notes Documents, or applicable law, as the
case may be, shall not constitute a waiver of the rights hereunder, thereunder or otherwise of the DIP Agent, the other DIP Lenders, or the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties. 

38 

26. Order Governs. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between or among, as
applicable, the provisions of this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents, the Motion, or any supporting documents, the provisions of this Interim Order shall control and govern to the extent of such conflicts. 

27. Right to Credit Bid. In connection with any sale process authorized by the Court, whether effectuated through sections 363, 725, or
1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall have the right to use the DIP Obligations, DIP Liens, and DIP Superpriority Claim to credit bid (directly or via one or more acquisition vehicles) with
respect to any bulk or piecemeal sale of all or any portion of the DIP Collateral, subject in all respects to section 363(k) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

28. Waiver of Requirement to File Proofs of Claim. None of the DIP Agent, the DIP Lenders, or the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties shall
be required to file proofs of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases for any claims allowed herein, including claims for the DIP Obligations under the DIP Loan Documents, the DIP Superpriority Claims, the DIP Liens, or the
Prepetition Notes Obligations under the Prepetition Notes Documents. The statements of claim in respect of the DIP Obligations set forth in this Interim Order, together with the evidence accompanying the Motion and presented at the Interim Hearing,
are deemed sufficient to and do constitute proofs of claim for the DIP Agent, the DIP Lenders, and the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties in respect of such obligations, and each of the DIP Agent, the DIP Lenders and the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties
shall be treated under section 502(a) of the Bankruptcy Code as if 

39 

they filed a proof of claim. Any order entered by the Court in relation to the establishment of a bar date for any claim (including without limitation administrative claims) in any of the
Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases shall not apply to (i) the DIP Agent or the other DIP Secured Parties, and (ii) the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties with respect to the Prepetition Notes or any claims under the Prepetition
Documents. 

29. Proceeds of Subsequent Financing. If the Debtors, any trustee, any examiner with expanded powers, or any
responsible officer subsequently appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases shall obtain credit or incur debt pursuant to sections 364(b), 364(c), 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code in violation of the DIP Loan Documents or this Interim
Order at any time prior to the DIP Repayment, including subsequent to the confirmation of any chapter 11 plan with respect to any or all of the Debtors (if applicable), then all the cash proceeds derived from such credit or debt shall immediately be
applied to repay the DIP Obligations in accordance with this Interim Order and the DIP Loan Documents until the DIP Repayment occurs. 

30.
Maintenance of DIP Collateral. Until the DIP Repayment has occurred, the Debtors shall (a) insure the DIP Collateral as required under the DIP Loan Documents; (b) maintain the cash management system in effect as of the Petition
Date, as modified by any order of the Court or otherwise agreed to by the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders); and (c)(i) maintain accurate records of all transfers (including intercompany transactions) within the cash management
system so that all postpetition transfers and transactions shall be adequately and promptly documented in, and readily ascertainable from, their books and records, to the same extent maintained by the Debtors before the Petition Date, and
(ii) provide access upon reasonable prior request to such records to the DIP Agent and the DIP Lenders. 

40 

31. Disposition of DIP Collateral. Except as otherwise provided for in the DIP Loan
Documents, the Debtors may not sell, transfer, lease, encumber, or otherwise dispose of any portion of the DIP Collateral other than in the ordinary course of business, or file a motion or application seeking, or otherwise seek or directly or
indirectly support any other person in seeking authority to take such action, without the prior written consent of the DIP Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) and no such consent shall be implied from any other action, inaction, or
acquiescence by the DIP Agent or any other DIP Secured Parties. 

32. Limits on Lender Liability. Nothing in this Interim Order, any
of the DIP Loan Documents, any of the Prepetition Documents, or any other documents related thereto, shall in any way be construed or interpreted to impose or allow the imposition upon the DIP Agent or the other DIP Secured Parties or the
Prepetition DIP Notes Parties of any liability for any claims arising from any activities by the Debtors in the operation of their businesses or in connection with the administration of these Chapter 11 Cases or any Successor Cases. The DIP Agent or
the other DIP Secured Parties shall not, solely by reason of having made loans under the DIP Facility or authorizing the use of Cash Collateral, be deemed in control of the operations of the Debtors or to be acting as a responsible
person or owner or operator with respect to the operation or management of the Debtors (as such terms, or any similar terms, are used in the United States Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42
U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended, or any similar federal or state statute). Nothing in this Interim Order or the DIP Loan Documents shall in any way be construed or interpreted to impose or allow the imposition upon the DIP Agent, any of
the DIP Secured Parties, or any of the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties of any liability for any claims arising from the prepetition or postpetition activities of any of the Debtors. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision applies to the DIP Agent,
the other DIP Secured Parties, and the Prepetition DIP Notes Parties solely in their capacity as such. 

41 

33. Replacement Agent. Notwithstanding the resignation or replacement of any
collateral agent or administrative agent, including the DIP Agent, the DIP Liens on the DIP Collateral shall remain continuously and properly perfected, notwithstanding the transfer of control, possession, or title of any DIP Collateral to a new
collateral or administrative agent. 

34. No Third-Party Rights. Except as explicitly provided for herein, this Interim Order does
not create any rights for the benefit of any third party, creditor, equity holder, or any direct, indirect, or incidental beneficiary. 

35. Joint and Several Liability. Nothing in this Interim Order shall be construed to constitute a substantive consolidation of any of
the Debtors estates, it being understood, however, that the Debtors shall be jointly and severally liable for the obligations hereunder and all DIP Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof and of the DIP Loan Documents. 

36. No Obligation to Extend Credit. The DIP Lenders shall have no obligation to make any loan under the DIP Loan Documents unless (and
subject to the occurrence of the Closing Date) all of the conditions precedent to the making of such extension of credit under the DIP Loan Documents, this Interim Order and/or the Final Order, as applicable, have been satisfied in full or waived by
the Required Lenders in accordance with the terms of the DIP Loan Documents. 

37. No Modification of Order. Until the DIP Repayment
occurs, the Debtors shall be prohibited from seeking or consenting to, directly or indirectly, any material modification, stay, vacatur, or amendment to this Interim Order (other than the Final Order) without the prior written consent of the DIP
Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) and no such consent shall be implied by any action or inaction of the DIP Agent. 

42 

38. Headings. The headings in this Interim Order are for reference purposes only and
will not in any way affect the meaning and interpretation of the terms of this Interim Order. 

39. Immediate Effect of Order. This
Interim Order shall take effect immediately upon execution hereof, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Bankruptcy Rules, including Bankruptcy Rule 4001(a)(3), 6004(h), 6006(d), 7062, or 9014, there shall be no stay of
execution of effectiveness of this Interim Order. All objections to the entry of this Interim Order have been withdrawn or overruled and the Motion is approved on an interim basis on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

40. Jurisdiction. The Court shall retain exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any and all disputes or matters under, or arising out
of or in connection with, either the DIP Facility or the DIP Loan Documents, including the interpretation and enforcement of this Interim Order. 

41. Final Hearing. The Final Hearing is scheduled for March [], 2025, at [].m. (prevailing Central Time) before this Court.
Any objections by creditors or other parties in interest to any provisions of this Interim Order shall be deemed waived unless timely filed and served in accordance with this Paragraph. The Debtors shall promptly serve a notice of entry of this
Interim Order and the Final Hearing, together with a copy of this Interim Order, by first class mail, postage prepaid, or overnight mail upon the Notice Parties. The notice of the entry of this Interim Order and the Final Hearing shall state that
objections to the entry of the Final Order shall be filed with this Court by no later than [].m. (prevailing Central Time) on March [], 2025, with copies to: (i) proposed attorneys for the Debtors: (A) Ropes & Gray
LLP, 1211 

43 

Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036 (Attn: Ryan Dahl (Ryan.Dahl@ropesgray.com), Natasha Hwangpo (Natasha.Hwangpo@ropesgray.com), and Conor McNamara (Conor.McNamara@ropesgray.com));
and (B) proposed co-counsel for the Debtors: Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, 600 Travis Street, Suite 4200, Houston, Texas 77002 (Attn: Timothy (Tad) A. Davidson (taddavidson@hunton.com), Phillip M.
Guffy (pguffy@hunton.com)); (ii) counsel for the DIP Lenders: (A) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019, (Attn: Jacob Adlerstein (jadlerstein@paulweiss.com), Sean
Mitchell (smitchell@paulweiss.com) and Douglas Keeton (dkeeton@paulweiss.com)), and (B) co-counsel for the DIP Lenders, Porter Hedges LLP, 1000 Main St., 36th Floor, Houston, TX 77002, (Attn: John F.
Higgins (jhiggins@porterhedges.com), [___] ([___]@porterhedges.com)), (iii) counsel for the DIP Agent: McDermott Will & Emery LLP, One Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, New York 10017, (Attn: Jonathan Levine (jlevine@mwe.com), Alexis D.
Soshnick (asoshnick@mwe.com), Lucas Barrett (lbarrett@mwe.com)), (iii) the Office of the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas, Attn: Ha Nguyen (Ha.Nguyen@usdoj.gov), Vianey Garza (Vianey.Garza@usdoj.gov); and
(iv) counsel to the Committee, if any. 

44 

Annex 1 

DIP Credit Agreement 

Annex 2 

Approved Budget 

EXHIBIT D 

New Corporate Governance Term Sheet 

CUTERA,
INC.1

and/or certain of its direct or indirect subsidiaries

(collectively, the Company) 

Corporate Governance and Liquidity Terms of Reorganized Common Equity 

Issued in Connection with the Restructuring of the Company 

Equity Interests: 

The equity securities to be issued pursuant to the plan of reorganization (the
Reorganized Common Equity) will consist of shares of common stock of the Company. All holders of Reorganized Common Equity will be entitled to one vote per share.

Board of Directors: 

As of the date of the consummation of the restructuring of the Company (the
Effective Date), the board of directors of the Company (the Board) will have five (5) members. The Board will be selected as follows:

CEO Director: The
Chief Executive Officer will be a member of the Board.

Ad Hoc Committee Directors: The members of the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior
Noteholders (the Ad Hoc Committee Members) will, so long as the Ad Hoc Committee Members continue to hold at least 75% of the Reorganized Common Equity held by the Ad Hoc Committee Members on the Effective Date, have the
right to designate the remaining four (4) members of the Board (the Ad Hoc Committee Directors). The Ad Hoc Committee Directors will be nominated by a Board Nominating Committee (Nominating
Committee), consisting of each Ad Hoc Committee Member holding at least 10% of the Reorganized Common Equity, and will be appointed by the affirmative approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Reorganized Common
Equity collectively held by all of the Ad Hoc Committee Members (the Ad Hoc Committee Member Majority). Following the Effective Date, any vacancy on the Board (other than with respect to the CEO Director) will be filled by
the Ad Hoc Committee Member Majority from candidate(s) selected by the Nominating Committee; provided, that, in the event that the Ad Hoc Committee Members cease to collectively hold at least 75% of the Reorganized Common Equity held by the
Ad Hoc Committee Members on the Effective Date, any such vacancy will be filled by the vote of the holders of a majority of all of the Reorganized Common Equity from candidate(s) selected by a Board Nominating Committee consisting of shareholders
holding at least 10% of the Reorganized Common Equity.

Each holder of shares of Reorganized Common Equity will enter into a New Shareholders Agreement
(the New Shareholders Agreement) agreeing to elect the Board as set forth above.

The initial directors will be appointed as of the Effective Date and will serve until their
successors are duly elected or appointed in accordance with the New Shareholders Agreement and applicable law.

1 

This term sheet presumes the restructured Company will be a Delaware corporation. 

1 

To the extent the Ad Hoc Committee Members are entitled to designate a Board
member but do not exercise their right to designate a director, such seat will remain vacant until the Ad Hoc Committee Members appoint such director.

On the Effective Date, at least two (2) Board members (not including the CEO) must be
individuals with experience related to the Companys business, unless otherwise determined by the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders (as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement).

The Chairperson will
initially be selected by the Ad Hoc Committee Members and, if the Ad Hoc Committee Members cease to collectively hold at least 75% of the Reorganized Common Equity held by the Ad Hoc Committee Members on the Effective Date, any successor Chairperson
will be selected by a majority vote of the Board.

The Board appointment rights will not be transferable by the Ad Hoc Committee Members.

Any Director that is an
employee of a member of the Ad Hoc Committee or such members Affiliates shall not receive compensation for serving on the Board; provided, that, all Directors will be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses and will have the benefit of customary indemnification, exculpation and D&O insurance coverage.

Board Observers: 

Each Ad Hoc Committee Member will be entitled to one (1) non-voting observer, who will be entitled to attend all meetings of the Board and to receive notice of all Board meetings and all written materials provided to the Board, subject to customary exceptions
(including the Boards ability to exclude such observers from meetings at the Boards reasonable discretion), and on the terms and conditions set forth in the New Shareholders Agreement. Each Ad Hoc Committee Member, for so long as it
holds any Reorganized Common Equity, will also be entitled to receive a package summarizing matters to be considered by the Board and Board meeting minutes, subject to customary exceptions, including confidentiality restrictions and privilege
limitations.

Board Committees: 

The Board will establish the following committees: an audit committee, a
compensation committee and a nominating and governance committee.

Board Voting: 

Each director will have one vote with respect to each matter to be decided
upon by the Board. The Board and its committees will act by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting or by unanimous written consent. Any quorum of the Board must include a majority of the Directors then-in-office; provided that quorum shall be subject to customary reduction for subsequent noticed meetings.

Board Process: 

The Board will meet at least quarterly and as often as necessary to conduct
the business and affairs of the Company, and will provide reasonable notice and information to all directors in advance of each meeting. Board meetings may be called by any of the Chairperson, the CEO or any two other Board members acting
together.

2 

Subsidiary Boards: 

Unless otherwise determined by the Board in accordance with applicable law,
any boards of directors (or equivalent governing body) of each wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and each committee thereof will be comprised of the then-serving directors on the Board, management representatives and/or other individuals as
required by local law, if applicable.

Shareholder Approvals: 

All matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Company will require
the affirmative approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Reorganized Common Equity.

The New Shareholders Agreement will provide that the Company will not take, or permit any of its
subsidiaries to take, any of the following actions without either (i) the approval of at least 2/3 of the directors of the Board (provided this clause (i) will only apply if the Ad Hoc Committee Members cease to collectively hold at
least 50% of the Reorganized Common Equity held by the Ad Hoc Committee Members on the Effective Date), or (ii) the prior written consent of the holders of Reorganized Common Equity who collectively hold more than a majority of all of the
Reorganized Common Equity, subject to customary exceptions:

Other than in connection with (i) an ABL facility or (ii) an emergency funding that is
approved by at least 2/3 of the directors on the Board (provided, that the Company shall exercise reasonable efforts to provide to all holders of Reorganized Common Equity prior written notice of such emergency funding), incurrence of any
indebtedness for borrowed money (x) in the first twelve (12) months following the Effective Date and (y) following the 12-month anniversary of the Effective Date, in excess of $10,000,000;

An initial public offering of
the Company or the taking of any action to cause the Company to become a public company;

Other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, entry into any merger,
acquisition, divestiture or other strategic transaction (including any joint venture) (x) in the first twelve (12) months following the Effective Date, having a value in excess of $5,000,000 and (y) following the 12-month anniversary of the Effective Date, having a value in excess of $10,000,000;

Any amendment to the New Shareholders Agreement or any organizational documents of the Company
(other than ministerial amendments); provided that any amendment that would have a disproportionate and materially adverse impact on any holder or group of holders of Reorganized Common Equity relative to the other holders of Reorganized
Common Equity (without regard to any effect resulting from (i) the specific tax or economic position or any other individual circumstances of any such holder, or (ii) the differences in the respective percentages of ownership of shares of
Reorganized Common Equity of the holders) will require the consent of the holder or group of holders so adversely affected; and

Entry into any agreement or commitment to any of the foregoing.

Related Party Transactions: 

Related Party Transactions (as defined below) involving aggregate payments or
other consideration in excess of $1,000,000 per annum will require the approval of a majority of the directors of the Board that are disinterested with respect to such Related Party
Transaction.

3 

A Related Party Transaction means any agreement
between the Company, on the one hand, and a Related Party, on the other hand, other than (i) any dividends or distributions made to the shareholders on a pro rata basis, (ii) any open market trading or investing activities with respect to
securities and financial instruments in the ordinary course of business, (iii) employment arrangements approved by a majority of the Board, (iv) payment of any fees incurred or reimbursements made in connection with service as a member of
the Board or any board of directors or similar governing body of any subsidiary of the Company, (v) repayment of indebtedness of the Company, (vi) any modifications to the exit facilities, (vii) refinancing transactions on
arms-length terms, and (viii) any acquisition of additional securities pursuant to pre-emptive rights set forth in the New Shareholders Agreement.

A Related
Party means (i) any holder of 5% or greater of the voting power of the Reorganized Common Equity (a Significant Holder), or (ii) an affiliate (including any portfolio company) of any Significant
Holder.

Information/Access Rights: 

The Company will deliver to each shareholder (who is an institutional holder and
is not a competitor of the Company) (i) quarterly unaudited financial statements, within a customary time period following the end of each fiscal quarter, and (ii) annual audited financial statements, within a customary time period
following the end of each fiscal year. The Company will also deliver to each Ad Hoc Committee Member for so long as they hold any of the Reorganized Common Equity and each Significant Holder a comprehensive operating budget forecasting the
Companys revenues, expenses and cash position on a quarter-to-quarter basis for such fiscal year, and will use reasonable best efforts to deliver such budget
within thirty (30) days after the beginning of each fiscal year. The Company will host a quarterly conference call between representatives of senior management of the Company and all shareholders to discuss the financial condition of the
Company. Following delivery of the financial information described above and at any other times not to exceed two times per fiscal year, in the event of a material development that was not addressed on the most recent Board call or the most recent
quarterly shareholder call, the Company will host a conference call between representatives of senior management of the Company and the Ad Hoc Committee Members at their request upon reasonable advance notice and such that it will not disrupt or
otherwise unreasonably burden Company operations.

The Company will grant to each Ad Hoc
Committee Member for so long as they hold any of the Reorganized Common Equity and any Significant Holder access to Company facilities and personnel during normal business hours, with reasonable advance notice and such that it will not disrupt or
otherwise unreasonably burden Company operations; provided, that such access will be at the applicable requesting holders expense.

Pre-Emptive Rights: 

Pursuant to the New Shareholders Agreement, subject to customary exceptions
(including, but not limited to, the issuance of incentive equity to employees), each holder of Reorganized Common Equity will be entitled to participate in future equity financings (including issuances of any convertible securities), on a pro rata
basis, based on the number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity owned by such holder relative to the total number of outstanding shares of Reorganized Common Equity.

4 

Each holder of Reorganized Common Equity will also have the right to
participate on a pro rata basis in any future debt financings in which any holder of Reorganized Common Equity or an affiliate thereof is a lender, subject to customary exclusions, including, but not limited to, for any broadly marketed and
syndicated debt financings.

Transfers; Co-Sale Rights; Drag-Along Rights: 

Transfers: Holders of shares of Reorganized Common Equity will be subject
to customary limitations on transferability, including (i) prohibitions on transfers to competitors, (ii) transfers to third parties that are not currently stockholders will only be permitted with the consent of the Board, such consent not
to be unreasonably delayed or withheld, (iii) transfers must be in compliance with applicable securities laws, and (iv) other customary transfer conditions to be set forth in the New Shareholders Agreement. Any transferee of shares of
Reorganized Common Equity will be required to execute a joinder to the New Shareholders Agreement.

Tag-Along Rights: Holders of shares of Reorganized
Common Equity will have customary tag-along rights (subject to customary exceptions) in connection with any transfer or series of transfers of shares by a shareholder or group of shareholders of Reorganized
Common Equity representing at least 30% of the outstanding Reorganized Common Equity.

Drag-Along Rights: A shareholder or group of shareholders of the Company representing more
than 50% of the total number of outstanding shares of Reorganized Common Equity will have customary drag-along rights (subject to customary exceptions).

Competitors: Except in the case of a drag-along transaction or other transaction approved
by the Board, no holder of Reorganized Common Equity may transfer their equity interests to a competitor of the Company.

Repurchase Rights: The Company will have customary repurchase rights with respect to equity
held by departed employees or other service providers.

Registration Rights: 

The New Shareholders Agreement will provide that the shareholders will enter
into a customary registration rights agreement in connection with any initial public offering of the Company, providing for customary registration rights (including demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights).

Confidentiality: 

The New Shareholders Agreement will provide that the shareholders will keep
confidential and not disclose or use any information received from or relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except as required by law or with the consent of the Company.

Corporate Opportunities: 

The New Shareholders Agreement will include a customary waiver of corporate
business opportunities in favor of the Significant Holders and their respective affiliates and any designated directors.

5 

EXHIBIT E 

Exit Facility Term Sheet 

CUTERA, INC. 

EXIT FACILITY 

SUMMARYOF TERMSAND CONDITIONS

This summary of principal terms and conditions (this Term Sheet) provides an outline of a proposed financing and does
not purport to summarize all the terms, conditions, representations, warranties and other provisions with respect to the transactions referred to herein, which shall be set forth in the final Exit Facility Documentation (as defined below). [This
Term Sheet is intended to be a summary outline of the material terms of such financing, and is for discussion purposes only, is non-binding, and is neither an expressed nor implied offer with regard to any
financing, to arrange, provide or purchase any loans in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or to arrange, provide or assist in arranging or providing the potential financing described herein. Any agreement to provide the Exit
Facility (as defined below) or any other financing arrangement will be subject to the execution and delivery of definitive documentation satisfactory to the Exit Agent (as defined below) (solely with respect to its rights and obligations thereunder)
and the Required Lenders (as defined below), each acting in its sole discretion.] 

Capitalized terms used herein but not defined have the
respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Restructuring Support Agreement (the Restructuring Support Agreement) to which this Exit Facility Term Sheet is attached. 

PARTIES 

Borrower: Cutera, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successors thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, as reorganized on or after the Plan Effective Date (the Borrower).

Guarantors: The obligations of the Borrower under the Exit Facility (as defined below) (the Obligations) will be unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by (a) a newly formed holding company that will
directly or indirectly hold 100% of the equity interests of the Borrower (Holdings), (b) each direct or indirect parent of the Borrower that is a subsidiary of Holdings, and (c) each direct and indirect subsidiary of the
Borrower now existing or subsequently acquired or organized (the persons described in this clause (c), the Subsidiary Guarantors) (the persons described in the immediately foregoing clauses (a),
(b) and (c), collectively, the Guarantors and the Guarantors, together with the Borrower, collectively, the Credit Parties); provided that Excluded Subsidiaries (to be defined in a
manner consistent with the Documentation Principles, and in any event to include foreign subsidiaries and bona fide joint ventures) will not be required to become Guarantors; provided, further that any foreign subsidiary that
individually accounts for more than 10% of the consolidated assets or consolidated revenue of the Borrower and its subsidiaries, in each case determined as of the most recent fiscal quarter, shall be required to become a Guarantor under the Exit
Facility unless such obligation is waived by the Required Lenders).

Exit Facility Lenders: Each holder of the DIP Term Loans and funds and affiliates thereof set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (together with their permitted assignees, the Exit Facility Lenders).

Exit Agent: Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, or another institution selected by the Required Lenders and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower, will act as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities,
the Exit Agent).

DESCRIPTION OF EXIT FACILITY 

Exit Facility: 

A 5-year senior secured first lien term loan facility (the Exit Facility and
the loans thereunder, the Exit Loans), consisting of:

(i) Exit term loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to the principal amount of the DIP Term
Loans outstanding under the DIP Documents on the Plan Effective Date (including (A) the amount of any upfront payment payable pursuant to the DIP Documents and (B) the amount of any repayment premium payable pursuant to the DIP Documents
upon the repayment of the DIP Term Loans on such date, but excluding (x) accrued and unpaid interest as of such date, (y) Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the agent under the DIP Documents, including fees and
expenses of counsel, and (z) indemnification obligations solely to the extent due and payable as of the Plan Effective Date in cash on the Plan Effective Date, which amounts in the foregoing clauses (x) through (z), for the
avoidance of doubt, shall be paid in full in cash on the Plan Effective Date), which Exit Loans shall be funded on a cashless basis by rolling over such amounts outstanding under the DIP Documents (the Exit Loans described in this
clause (i), the Rollover Term Loans and the term loan facility consisting of such loans, the Rollover Term Loan Facility); and

(ii) New money term loans in an
aggregate principal amount equal to $10,000,000 (the Exit Loans described in this clause (ii), the New Money Term Loans, the term loan facility consisting of such loans, the New Money Facility, and the
commitments of each Exit Facility Lender to make such term loans, the New Money Commitments), which shall be funded in a single draw on the Plan Effective Date.

If a New Money Term Loan is not fungible for U.S. federal income tax
purposes with any portion of the Exit Loans, such New Money Term Loan will trade separately under a separate CUSIP or other identifying number from any portion of the Rollover Loans, and any other New Money Term Loan, with which such New Money Term
Loan is not fungible.

2 

Amortization: Annual amortization of the Exit Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Rollover Term Loans and the New Money Term Loans), payable in equal quarterly installments beginning on the last day of the first full fiscal quarter
ending after the second anniversary of the Closing Date (as defined below) shall be required in an aggregate annual amount equal to 1.00% per annum of the original principal amount of the Exit Loans, with the balance payable on the Maturity
Date.

Maturity: The Exit Facility shall mature on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date (the Maturity Date).

Use of Proceeds: 

The proceeds of (a) the Rollover Term Loans will be used to consummate the cashless rollover of the outstanding principal amount under
the DIP Facility (as set forth under the heading Exit Facility above) and (b) the New Money Term Loans will be used to make payments and distributions under the Plan and for general corporate purposes not otherwise prohibited by the
Exit Facility Documentation.

Once repaid, Exit Loans may not be reborrowed.

CERTAIN PAYMENT PROVISIONS

Interest Rates: The Exit Loans comprising each borrowing shall bear interest at a rate equal to, as elected by the Borrower in its sole discretion, (i) Term SOFR (to be defined in a manner consistent with the Documentation Principles and which
shall not be less than 1.00%per annum) plus 7.50% per annum, payable in cash at the end of eachinterest period and on the Maturity Date, or (ii) Base Rate (to be
defined in a manner consistent with the Documentation Principles and which shall not be less than 2.00% per annum) plus 6.50% per annum,payable in cash in arrears on a quarterly basis and on the Maturity Date;
provided that the Borrower may, at its election, pay interest in kind by capitalizing and adding to the principal amount of the Exit Loans on each interest payment date through the first anniversary of the Closing Date.

Default Interest: At any time when an event of default exists and is continuing, all outstanding amounts shall bear interest, to the fullest extent permitted by law, at a rate of (a) 2.00% per annum above the rate then applicable to such
borrowings or (b) in the case of fees, 2.00% per annum in excess of the rate otherwise applicable to Exit Loans maintained as Base Rate loans from time to time.

Upfront Payment: The Borrower shall pay to the Exit Facility Lenders holding New Money Commitments an upfront payment in an amount equal to 5.50% of such New Money Commitments, payable in kind (by capitalizing and adding such amount to the principal
amount of the

3 

New Money Loans) upon the funding of such New Money Loans (the Upfront Payment). For the avoidance of doubt, the Upfront Payment shall not be payable on the Rollover Term Loans.

Exit Agent Fees: To be set forth in a separate fee letter agreement between the Exit Agent and the Borrower.

Optional Prepayments: The Borrower may, upon notice requirements to be mutually agreed consistent with the Documentation Principles, prepay the Exit Loans, in whole or in part, in minimum amounts to be agreed (subject to the prepayment premium set forth
under the heading Call Protection below).

Call Protection: Any voluntary or actual payment, prepayment, repayment or required mandatory prepayment of Exit Loans and any acceleration of the Exit Loans, including as a result of any Credit Party filing for bankruptcy or becoming subject to any
other insolvency proceeding, shall be subject to (a) the make-whole premium (calculated in a customary fashion based upon the sum of (a) all of the interest that would have accrued or been payable on the principal amount of the Exit Loans
being repaid, prepaid, or accelerated on such date from such date to, but excluding, the third anniversary of the Closing Date plus (b) the prepayment premium as of the third anniversary of the Closing Date multiplied by the principal amount of
the Exit Loans being repaid, prepaid, or accelerated on such date, the sum of such discounted by the then-applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus 50 basis points basis to the date of such repayment, prepayment or acceleration) or (b) a prepayment
premium (expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the Exit Loans that are being paid, prepaid, repaid, or accelerated, as applicable) as set forth opposite the relevant period from the Closing Date. The Exit Facility will
reflect maximum enforceability of call protection provisions in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, including customary Momentive protections with respect to payment of the prepayment premiums.

Year 

PrepaymentPremium

Years 1-3: 

Make-whole premium

Year 4: 

1.00%

Thereafter: 

No premium

4 

Mandatory Prepayments: The Borrower shall cause an amount no less than each amount calculated pursuant to the terms below to be offered to prepay the Exit Loans, in each case, with carve-outs and exceptions consistent with the Documentation Principles (as
defined below):

(i) 100% of the net cash proceeds of any incurrence by the Borrower and/or any of its
subsidiaries of indebtedness (other than debt otherwise permitted under the Exit Facility Documentation (other than certain permitted refinancing debt)); and

(ii) 100% of the net cash proceeds in excess of an amount to be mutually agreed in any single transaction
or series of related transactions in respect of any Disposition (to be defined in a manner consistent with Documentation Principles) of assets of the Borrower and its subsidiaries or from any Casualty Event (to be defined in a manner consistent with
the Documentation Principles) (other than certain Dispositions to be mutually agreed), subject to the right of the Borrower and its subsidiaries to reinvest (or commit to reinvest) in assets on terms and conditions consistent with the Documentation
Principles

Additionally, the Exit Facility Documentation will include the right of
individual Exit Facility Lenders to decline mandatory prepayments with proceeds referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above (but in the case of clause (i) above, solely to the extent not representing a refinancing
of the Exit Loans), in which case, such proceeds shall be available to the Borrower and its subsidiaries for any usages not prohibited by the Exit Facility Documentation.

COLLATERAL 

Collateral: The Obligations will be secured by a valid and perfected first priority security interest in and lien on substantially all tangible and intangible, real and personal property of the Credit Parties (collectively,
the Collateral); it being expressly understood and agreed that the Collateral will not include certain excluded property to be mutually agreed.

CONDITIONS 

Conditions Precedent to Closing: The availability of the Rollover Term Loans on the Closing Date through the cashless rollover of the principal amount DIP Term Loans into the Rollover Term Loans (as set forth under the heading Exit Facility above) and
the borrowing of the New Money Term Loans shall be conditioned solely upon the conditions set forth on Annex I hereto (the date of satisfaction or waiver of such conditions, the Closing Date).

5 

DOCUMENTATION 

Exit Facility Documentation: 

The definitive financing documentation for the Exit Facility (the Exit Facility Documentation) shall (the items set
forth in clauses (i) through (iii) below, the Documentation Principles):

(i) be in form and substance based on the DIP Documents (with such modifications as are necessary to reflect the
nature of the Exit Facility);

(ii) contain the terms and conditions set forth in this Exit Facility Term Sheet and such other terms as
the Borrower and the Required Lenders may mutually agree, taking into account the operational requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries; and

(iii) contain the conditions to the effectiveness of the Exit Facility Documentation and funding (or
deemed funding) of the Exit Facility on the Closing Date set forth on Annex I hereto.

Representations and Warranties: The Exit Facility Documentation shall contain representations and warranties (subject to exceptions and qualifications) customary and usual for financings of this type consistent with the Documentation Principles.

Affirmative Covenants: The Exit Facility Documentation shall contain affirmative covenants (subject to exceptions and qualifications) customary and usual for financings of this type consistent with the Documentation Principles, which shall include in any
event delivery of audited annual and unaudited quarterly financial statements within 120 days and 60 days respectively, in each case following the end of the respective fiscal year or fiscal quarter, and in the case of audited annual financial
statements, without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any material qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit.

Financial Covenant: None.

Minimum Liquidity Covenant: 

The Borrower shall not permit Liquidity as of the last day of each month to be less than $10,000,000.

Liquidity shall mean, as of any date, an amount equal to the sum of (a) all unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents (in each case to be
defined in a manner consistent with the Documentation Principles) of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as determined in accordance with GAAP, (b) all Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its subsidiaries restricted in favor of the Exit
Facility and (c) any amounts available to be borrowed under the terms of any ABL Facility (as defined below).

6 

Negative Covenants: The Exit Facility Documentation shall contain negative covenants (including thresholds, qualifications and exceptions to be mutually agreed) customary and usual for financings of this type consistent with the Documentation
Principles, it being understood that (i) the negative covenants shall permit the Credit Parties to incur a revolving asset-based loan facility (the ABL Facility) in an amount to be agreed secured by a lien senior in priority
to the liens securing the Exit Facility on borrowing base assets that customarily secure such facilities on a senior basis and by a lien junior in priority to the liens securing the Exit Facility on other assets and property that customarily secure
such facilities on a junior basis, subject to an intercreditor agreement acceptable to the Required Lenders, and (ii) all subsidiaries of Holdings shall be restricted subsidiaries and the Borrower shall not be permitted to designate
unrestricted subsidiaries.

Events of Default: The Exit Facility Documentation shall contain events of default (including thresholds, qualifications, exceptions and grace periods) customary and usual for financings of this type and consistent with the Documentation
Principles.

Indemnification and Expenses: Usual and customary for financings of this type and consistent with the Documentation Principles; to include all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and expenses of the advisors to the Exit Facility Lenders and the Exit Agent incurred in connection with (i) the Chapter 11 Cases and implementation of the Plan and Restructuring Transactions, (ii) the preparation, negotiation and
execution of the Exit Facility Documentation, (iii) the funding of the Exit Facility, (iv) the creation, perfection and protection of the liens securing the Exit Facility and (v) the ongoing administration or enforcement of the Exit
Facility Documentation (including the preparation, negotiation and execution of any amendments, consents, waivers, assignments, restatements or supplements thereto), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the reasonable and documented fees and
expenses of (x) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, as counsel to the Exit Facility Lenders, Porter & Hedges LLP, as co-counsel to the Exit Facility Lenders, and Centerview
Partners, LLC, as financial advisor to the Exit Facility Lenders, and such other local or special counsel as deemed necessary by the Exit Facility Lenders, and (y) McDermott, Will & Emery LLP, as counsel to the Exit Agent.

Assignments and Participations: Usual and customary for financings of this type and consistent with the Documentation Principles.

Amendments: Usual and customary for financings of this type and consistent with the Documentation Principles, with amendments to the Exit Facility Documentation requiring the consent of Exit Facility Lenders holding greater than 50% of the
outstanding Exit Loans under the Exit Facility (the Required Lenders), except for amendments customarily requiring approval by all affected lenders.

7 

Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction: New York.

Other Provisions: The Exit Facility Documentation shall include customary provisions regarding increased costs, illegality, tax indemnities, waiver of trial by jury and other similar provisions.

Counsel to Exit Facility Lenders: Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP.

8 

Annex I 

Conditions Precedent to Closing 

The
effectiveness of the Exit Facility Documentation and the funding (or deemed funding) of the Exit Loans shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Required Lenders) of solely the following conditions: 

1. Credit Agreement; Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and other Security Documents. The Exit Agent shall have received (i) the
Credit Agreement, executed and delivered by Holdings and the Borrower, (ii) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, executed and delivered by Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto, and (iii) such other security
and collateral documents as are required to provide the Exit Agent with a first priority security interest (subject to exceptions and qualifications reasonably acceptable to the Exit Facility Lenders) in the Collateral. 

2. Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made by any Credit Party in or pursuant to any of the
Exit Facility Documentation shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality or a material adverse effect) on the Closing Date. 

3. Borrowing Notice. The Exit Agent shall have received a written borrowing request from the Borrower with respect to the New
Money Term Loans in accordance with the terms of the Exit Facility Documentation. 

4. Fees. (i) The Borrower shall have paid
all fees and premiums due and payable under the Restructuring Support Agreement, the DIP Documents and the Plan, including all Restructuring Expenses and the fees and expenses of the DIP Agent, and (ii) the Exit Agent (A) shall have
received all fees and premiums due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date in respect of the Exit Facility and (B) to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such later date as the Borrower
may reasonably agree), shall have been reimbursed for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of
(i) McDermott, Will & Emery LLP, counsel to the Exit Agent, and (ii) such other foreign or special counsel required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Exit Facility Documentation. 

5. Legal Opinion. The Exit Agent and each Lender shall have received a customary legal opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP, counsel to
the Credit Parties, dated as of the Closing Date, addressed to the Exit Agent and the Exit Facility Lenders, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Exit Agent and the Required Lenders. 

6. No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to the
extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 

7. Closing Certificate. The Exit Agent shall have received a certificate
of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, confirming that the conditions precedent set forth in clauses 2, 6 and 15 have been satisfied. 

8. Secretary / Director Certificates. Such certificates of good standing (to the extent such concept exists) from the applicable
secretary of state or registrar of the state of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation of each Credit Party, certificates of resolutions or board resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of responsible
officers of each Credit Party as the Exit Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each responsible officer thereof authorized to act as a responsible officer in connection with the Exit Facility Documentation
to which such Credit Party is a party or is to be a party on the Closing Date. 

Annex 1 - 1 

9. USA Patriot Act; Proceeds of Crime Act; Beneficial Ownership Certification. The
Exit Agent and the Exit Facility Lenders shall have received from the Borrower and each of the Credit Parties, at least 2 Business Days prior to the Closing Date, (A) all documentation and other information reasonably requested by the Exit
Agent or any Exit Facility Lender no less than 7 calendar days prior to the Closing Date that the Exit Agent or any such Lender reasonably determines is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act and (B) a beneficial ownership certification in relation to the Borrower and each subsidiary that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the beneficial
ownership regulation. 

10. Filings. There shall have been delivered to the Exit Agent in proper form for filing (x) each
Uniform Commercial Code financing statement, each intellectual property security agreement to be filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, and each other filing, in each case as required by the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement and the other Exit Facility Documentation in order to create in favor of the Exit Agent, for the benefit of the Exit Facility Lenders, a first priority perfected lien on the Collateral described therein. 

11. Pledged Stock; Stock Powers. The Exit Agent shall have received the certificates, if any, representing the shares of Equity
Interests held by a Credit Party pledged pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, together with an undated stock power or share transfer instrument for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer/director of the
pledgor thereof. 

12. Solvency Certificate. The Exit Agent shall have received a solvency certificate signed by the chief financial
officer on behalf of the Borrower after giving effect to the Restructuring Transactions or, at the Borrowers option, a solvency opinion from an independent investment bank or valuation firm of nationally recognized standing. 

13. Plan Effective Date; Confirmation Order. (i) All conditions precedent to the confirmation and effectiveness of the Plan, as
set forth in the Plan, shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms thereof, (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered (email being sufficient) to the Exit Agent and the Exit Facility Lenders a digital/electronic copy of the
docketed Confirmation Order and (iii) the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred (or occur contemporaneously with the Closing Date). 

14. Equity Rights Offering. The Equity Rights Offering shall have been consummated on terms consistent in all respects with the
Restructuring Support Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and the Plan, and the Borrower shall have received gross proceeds in an amount no less than $35,000,000 from such Equity Rights Offering. 

15. Material Adverse Effect. Since the Disclosure Statement Date, there shall not have occurred any event, change, occurrence or
circumstance that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect, other than as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases or any event, circumstance or condition leading up to, related to or
resulting from the Chapter 11 Cases. 

16. Approvals. The Borrower and the other Credit Parties shall have received all approvals,
consents, licenses and permits required in connection with the Exit Facility, which approvals, consents, licenses and permits remain in full force and effect. 

Annex 1 - 2 

17. Financial Statements. The Exit Agent and the Lenders shall have received
(i) audited consolidated balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flow of Cutera, Inc. and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, (ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheets, income statements and
statements of cash flow of Cutera, Inc. and its subsidiaries for each subsequent fiscal quarter (other than fiscal year end) ended at least 45 days before the Closing Date and (iii) copies of satisfactory interim unaudited financial statements
for each month ended since the last audited financial statements for which financial statements are available and will include each month ended at least 30 days before the Closing Date.

18. Lien Searches. The Exit Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in each of the jurisdictions in which Uniform
Commercial Code will be made to evidence or perfect security interests required to be evidenced or perfected, and such search shall reveal no liens on any of the assets of the Credit Parties, except for Liens permitted by the Exit Facility
Documentation or liens to be discharged on or prior to the Closing Date. 

19. No Litigation. Other than as disclosed prior to
Closing Date, there shall not be any litigation, action, suit, investigation or other arbitral, administrative or judicial proceeding pending or known by a Credit Party to be threatened against any Credit Party drawing into question any transaction
contemplated by the Exit Facility Documentation, or that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Credit Parties and their subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

20. Restructuring Support Agreement. The Restructuring Support Agreement shall not have terminated with respect to the Consenting
Senior Noteholders, and there shall be no defaults or termination rights thereunder that would permit the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders to terminate the Restructuring Support Agreement on such date or after the giving of notice, the lapse
of time, or both, and such default has not been otherwise waived in accordance with the Restructuring Support Agreement; provided that this condition precedent shall not fail to have been satisfied to the extent the Company Parties terminate
the Restructuring Support Agreement as to a Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder so long as the Consenting Senior Noteholders (excluding such Non-Supporting Senior
Noteholder as to which the Restructuring Support Agreement has been terminated ) continue to hold or control at least two-thirds in principal amount of the then outstanding principal amounts of Senior Notes.

21. Payment of DIP Obligations. The Borrower shall have paid in full in cash the outstanding obligations under the DIP Documents
(other than amounts satisfied through the issuance of the Rollover Term Loans). 

22. Business Plan. The Borrower shall have
delivered a long-term business plan to the Exit Agent, which business plan shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Lenders. 

Annex 1 - 3 

Schedule 1 New Money Commitments 

Annex 1 - 1 

EXHIBIT F 

Provision for Transfer Agreement 

The undersigned (Transferee) hereby acknowledges that it has read and understands the Restructuring Support
Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2025 (the Agreement),1 by and among the Company Parties and the Consenting Senior Noteholders, including the transferor to the
Transferee of any Company Claims/Interests (each such transferor, a Transferor), and agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof to the extent the Transferor was thereby bound, and shall be deemed a
Consenting Senior Noteholder under the terms of the Agreement. 

The Transferee specifically agrees to be bound by the terms
and conditions of the Agreement and makes all representations and warranties contained therein as of the date of the Transfer, including the agreement to be bound by the vote of the Transferor if such vote was cast before the effectiveness of the
Transfer discussed herein. 

Date Executed:

Name:

Title:

Address:

E-mail address(es):

Aggregate Amounts Beneficially Owned or Managed on Account of:

2026 Senior Notes 

2028 Senior Notes 

2029 Senior Notes 

Equity Interests 

DIP Commitments 

DIP Loans 

Exit Facility New Money Commitments 

Other Claims (identify / describe type), including other Disclosable Economic Interests in relation to the Company Party (including participation interests, hedges, swaps, and derivatives) 

1 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall having the meaning ascribed to such terms in the
Agreement.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d878024dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

SUPERPRIORITY SENIOR SECURED DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT
AGREEMENT 

among 

CUTERA,
INC., 

a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of
the Bankruptcy Code, 

as the Borrower, 

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO and 

WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB, 

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 

Dated as of March [], 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION I. DEFINITIONS 1 

1.1 Defined Terms 1 

1.2 Other Definitional Provisions 29 

1.3 [Reserved] 30 

1.4 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 30 

1.5 [Reserved] 30 

1.6 Accounting Terms 30 

1.7 Divisions 30 

SECTION II. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 30 

2.1 Commitments 30 

2.2 Procedure for Borrowing, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 31 

2.3 [Reserved] 32 

2.4 [Reserved] 32 

2.5 [Reserved] 32 

2.6 [Reserved] 32 

2.7 [Reserved] 32 

2.8 Repayment of Loans 32 

2.9 Fees and Premiums 33 

2.10 [Reserved] 33 

2.11 Optional Prepayments 33 

2.12 Mandatory Prepayments 34 

2.13 [Reserved] 36 

2.14 [Reserved] 36 

2.15 Interest Rates and Payment Dates 36 

2.16 Computation of Interest and Fees 36 

2.17 Alternate Rate of Interest 36 

2.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 38 

2.19 Repayment Premium 39 

2.20 Taxes 40 

2.21 Indemnity 43 

2.22 Break Funding Payments 43 

2.23 Change of Lending Office 43 

2.24 Replacement of Lenders 44 

2.25 Priority and Liens; No Discharge. 45 

2.26 Exit Conversion 45 

SECTION III. [Reserved] 46 

SECTION IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 46 

4.1 Financial Condition 46 

4.2 No Change 47 

4.3 Existence; Compliance with Law 47 

i 

4.4 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 47 

4.5 No Legal Bar 48 

4.6 No Material Litigation 48 

4.7 No Default 48 

4.8 Ownership of Property; Leasehold Interests; Liens 48 

4.9 Intellectual Property 48 

4.10 Taxes 48 

4.11 Federal Regulations 49 

4.12 ERISA. 49 

4.13 Investment Company Act 49 

4.14 Subsidiaries 49 

4.15 Environmental Matters 50 

4.16 Accuracy of Information, etc. 50 

4.17 Security Documents 50 

4.18 [Reserved] 50 

4.19 Anti-Terrorism 50 

4.20 Use of Proceeds 50 

4.21 Labor Matters 50 

4.22 [Reserved] 51 

4.23 Sanctions Compliance 51 

4.24 Anti-Corruption Compliance 51 

4.25 Cases; Orders 51 

SECTION V. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 52 

5.1 Conditions to Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date 52 

5.2 Conditions to Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date 55 

SECTION VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 56 

6.1 Financial Information 56 

6.2 Certificates; Other Information 58 

6.3 Payment of Taxes 59 

6.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence, etc.; Compliance 59 

6.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance 59 

6.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 60 

6.7 Notices 61 

6.8 Additional Collateral, etc. 61 

6.9 Use of Proceeds 64 

6.10 Post-Closing 64 

6.11 [Reserved] 64 

6.12 Line of Business 64 

6.13 [Reserved] 64 

6.14 Changes in Jurisdictions of Organization; Name 64 

6.15 [Reserved] 64 

6.16 [Reserved] 64 

6.17 Certain Case Milestones 65 

6.18 Certain Bankruptcy Matters 65 

6.19 Bankruptcy Notices 65 

ii 

SECTION VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 65 

7.1 [Reserved] 65 

7.2 Indebtedness 66 

7.3 Liens 68 

7.4 Fundamental Changes 70 

7.5 Dispositions of Property 71 

7.6 Restricted Payments 73 

7.7 Investments 74 

7.8 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness; Amendments 76 

7.9 Transactions with Affiliates 76 

7.10 Sales and Leasebacks 77 

7.11 Changes in Fiscal Periods 78 

7.12 Negative Pledge Clauses 78 

7.13 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions 79 

7.14 Limitation on Hedge Agreements 81 

7.15 [Reserved] 81 

7.16 Additional Bankruptcy Matters 81 

7.17 Budget Variance Covenant 81 

7.18 [Reserved] 81 

7.19 Subrogation 81 

SECTION VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 82 

8.1 Events of Default 82 

SECTION IX. THE AGENTS 88 

9.1 Appointment 88 

9.2 Delegation of Duties 88 

9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 89 

9.4 Reliance by the Agents 90 

9.5 Notice of Default 91 

9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 91 

9.7 Indemnification 92 

9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity 93 

9.9 Successor Agents 93 

9.10 Certain Collateral Matters 94 

9.11 Agents May File Proofs of Claim 95 

9.12 Survival 96 

9.13 Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guarantee 96 

9.14 [Reserved] 96 

9.15 Erroneous Payments 96 

SECTION X. MISCELLANEOUS 99 

10.1 Amendments and Waivers 99 

10.2 Notices; Electronic Communications 101 

10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 104 

10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties 104 

iii 

10.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification 105 

10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments 106 

10.7 Adjustments; Set off 110 

10.8 Counterparts 111 

10.9 Severability 111 

10.10 Integration 111 

10.11 GOVERNING LAW 111 

10.12 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers 111 

10.13 Acknowledgments 112 

10.14 Confidentiality 113 

10.15 Release of Collateral and Guarantee Obligations 115 

10.16 [Reserved] 116 

10.17 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 116 

10.18 USA PATRIOT ACT 116 

10.19 Orders Control 117 

10.20 Interest Rate Limitation 117 

10.21 Payments Set Aside 117 

10.22 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 117 

10.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 118 

10.24 Section Headings 118 

iv 

SCHEDULES: 

1.1(a) Lenders

2.1(T-1) Initial Draw T-1 Commitments

2.1(T-2) Delayed Draw T-2 Commitments

2.9(a)(i) T-1 Upfront Payment

2.9(a)(ii) T-2 Upfront Payment

4.6 Material Litigation

4.8 Real Property

4.14 Subsidiaries

4.21 Labor Matters

6.10 Post Closing Matters

7.2(c) Existing Other Indebtedness

7.2(d) Existing Indebtedness

7.3(f) Existing Liens

7.7 Existing Investments

7.9 Transactions with Affiliates

7.12 Existing Negative Pledge Clauses

7.13 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions

EXHIBITS: 

A Form of Committed Loan Notice

B Form of Compliance Certificate

C Form of Assignment and Assumption

D Form of Exemption Certificate

E Form of Interim Order

F Form of Initial Budget

G Form of Prepayment Option Notice

H Form of Guarantee and Collateral Agreement

v 

SUPERPRIORITY SENIOR SECURED
DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March [], 2025, among CUTERA, INC., a Delaware corporation and a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Company or the Borrower), the financial institutions or other entities from time to time parties to this
Agreement as lenders (the Lenders) and WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB (WSFS), as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 

WHEREAS, on March [], 2025 (the Petition Date), the Borrower and certain of the Borrowers Domestic Subsidiaries
(each, a Debtor and collectively, the Debtors) filed voluntary petitions with the Bankruptcy Court initiating their respective cases that are pending under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (each case of the
Borrower and each other Debtor, a Case and collectively, the Cases) and have continued in the possession of their assets and the management of their business pursuant to Section 1107 and 1108 of the
Bankruptcy Code; 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a superpriority senior secured debtor-in-possession term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $25,000,000 (the DIP Facility), consisting of $15,000,000 in
term loan commitments in respect of Initial Draw T-1 Loans to be made in a single draw on the Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date and $10,000,000 in delayed draw term
loan commitments in respect of Delayed Draw T-2 Loans, with all of the Borrowers obligations under the DIP Facility to be guaranteed by each Guarantor, and the Lenders are willing to extend such credit
to Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, the relative priority of the DIP Facility with respect
to the Collateral granted as security for the payment and performance of the Obligations shall be as set forth in the Interim Order and the Final Order, in each case, upon entry thereof by the Bankruptcy Court, and in the Security Documents; 

WHEREAS, all of the claims and the Liens granted under the Orders and the Loan Documents to the Agents, the Lenders and the other Secured
Parties in respect of the DIP Facility shall be subject to the Carve-Out; and 

WHEREAS, the
Borrower and the Guarantors are engaged in related businesses, and each Guarantor will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit from the making of the extensions of credit to the Borrower under this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

SECTION I. DEFINITIONS 

1.1
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 

ABR: for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the
Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two
(2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day plus 1.00%; provided that, for purposes of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m.
Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the
Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted 

1 

Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the ABR
is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.17 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.17(b)), then the
ABR shall be the greater of clause (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the ABR as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than
1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement. 

ABR Borrowing: a Borrowing comprised of
ABR Loans. 

ABR Loan: each Loan bearing interest based on the ABR. 

ABR Term SOFR Determination Day: as defined in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Acceptable Plan of Reorganization: a Chapter 11 Plan for each of the Cases that, upon the consummation thereof, provides
for the termination of all unused Commitments hereunder (if any) and either (a) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all of the Obligations under the Loan Documents or (b) the Exit Conversion as is agreed to by the Required
Lenders pursuant to Section 2.26. 

Ad Hoc Committee: the committee of holders of, or
investment managers advisors, or sub-advisors on behalf of certain clients, funds and/or accounts that are holders of, the Prepetition Notes identified on Schedule 1.1(a) (including Affiliates and
commonly advised or managed funds and institutions). 

Ad Hoc Committee Advisors: Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,
Wharton & Garrison LLP, Porter & Hedges LLP and Centerview Partners LLC. 

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate:
for (a) an Interest Period of one month or less, an interest rate per annum equal to (i) Term SOFR for such Interest Period, plus (ii) 0.10%, and (b) an Interest Period of greater than one month but less than or equal to three
months, an interest rate per annum equal to (i) Term SOFR for such Interest Period, plus (ii) 0.10%; provided that in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would
be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative
Agent: WSFS, as the administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with any of its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity in accordance with
Section 9.9. 

Affected Financial Institution: (a) any EEA Financial Institution or
(b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate: as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is
in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, in either case whether by contract or otherwise. 

Agent Fee Letter: that certain Fee Letter, dated as
of March [], 2025, by and between the Borrower and the Agents, as amended or modified from time to time. 

Agents:
the collective reference to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, and Agent refers to either one, as applicable. 

2 

Agreed Purposes: as defined in Section 10.14.

Agreement: this Superpriority Senior Secured
Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement, as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Anti-Corruption Law: the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, any
applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combatting Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or any other applicable similar law or statute. 

Applicable Margin: (a) for SOFR Loans, 9.50% and (b) for ABR Loans, 8.50%. 

Approved Bankruptcy Court Order: (a) each of the Orders, as such order is amended and in effect from time to time in
accordance with this Agreement, (b) any other material order entered by the Bankruptcy Court regarding, relating to or impacting (i) any rights or remedies of any Secured Party, (ii) the Loan Documents (including the Loan
Parties obligations thereunder), (iii) the Collateral, any Liens thereon or any Superpriority Claims (including, without limitation, any sale or other disposition of Collateral or the priority of any such Liens or Superpriority Claims), (iv)
use of cash collateral, (v) debtor-in-possession financing, or (vi) any Chapter 11 Plan, (A) in the case of the foregoing clauses (i)
through (v), that (x) is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory
to the Required Lenders, (y) has not been vacated, reversed or stayed and (z) has not been amended or modified in a manner adverse to the rights of the Lenders except as agreed in writing by Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the
treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders in their sole discretion, and (B) in the case of the foregoing clause (vi), that (x) is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (with respect to the
treatment of the Agents) and consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, (y) has not been vacated, reversed or stayed and (z) has not been amended or modified in a
manner adverse to the rights of the Lenders except as agreed in writing by Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders, and (c) any other order entered by the Bankruptcy Court that
(i) is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders, (ii) has not been vacated, reversed or stayed and (iii) has not been
amended or modified except in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the
Required Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any orders approving any (x) retention applications, (y) procedures with respect to retention or compensation of ordinary course professionals or (z) professional
compensation or applications for professional compensation; provided, further that the right of the DIP Secured Parties to object to the entry of the orders set forth in the foregoing proviso shall not be affected by such limitation.

Approved Budget: as defined in Section 6.1(d). 

Approved Fund: as defined in Section 10.6(b). 

Asset Sale: any Disposition of Property or series of related Dispositions of Property by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, other than any such Disposition or series of related Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business. 

Assignee: as defined in Section 10.6(b). 

3 

Assignment and Assumption: an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in
the form of Exhibit C or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Available
Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that
is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest
Period pursuant to clause (f) of Section 2.17. 

Backstop Commitment
Agreement: the backstop commitment agreement, as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

Backstop Commitment
Order: an order of the Bankruptcy Court in form and substance consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders approving the Debtors entry into and performance under the
Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

Bail-In Action: the exercise of any Write-Down
and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation: (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law,
regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United
Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code: Title
11, U.S.C., as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto. 

Bankruptcy Court: the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, or any other court having jurisdiction over the Cases from time to time. 

Benchmark shall mean, initially, Term SOFR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to
Section 2.17, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of
Section 2.17. 

Benchmark Replacement: for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

4 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for
determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in
the applicable currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

If the Benchmark Replacement as
determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple
SOFR plus the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment: with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement,
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due
consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the
Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the
replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use,
administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or
prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may
be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent
decides in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that no market practice for the administration of such
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement Date: the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

5 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark
Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness,non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event: with respect
to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor
for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of
Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event
will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in
the calculation thereof). 

6 

Benchmark Unavailability Period: with respect to any Benchmark, the
period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.17 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan
Document in accordance with Section 2.17. 

Benefited Lender: as defined in
Section 10.7(a). 

Board: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United
States (or any successor). 

Board of Directors: (a) with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the
corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board; (b) with respect to a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership, or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf
of such board or the board or committee of any Person serving a similar function; (c) with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any controlling committee of managing members thereof or any Person or Persons
serving a similar function; and (d) with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 

Borrower: as defined in the preamble hereto. 

Borrower Materials: as defined in Section 10.2(c). 

Borrowing: Loans made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of SOFR Loans, as to which a single
Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Date: any Business Day specified by the Borrower as a date on which the
Borrower requests the relevant Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 

Budget: the Initial Budget, as amended, modified,
supplemented or replaced from time to time in accordance with Section 6.1(d). 

Budget Variance
Report: a variance report prepared by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, comparing for each applicable Test Period the actual results against anticipated results under the applicable Approved Budget(s), on an aggregate basis (excluding
professional fees and expenses) and in the same level of detail set forth in the then Approved Budget, together with a written explanation for all variances of greater than the Permitted Variance for the given Test Period and such other information
as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request. 

Budget Variance Test Date: as defined in
Section 6.1(e). 

Business: the business activities and operations of the Borrower and/or its
Subsidiaries on the Closing Date. 

Business Day: any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial
banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents office is located. 

7 

Capital Lease Obligations: as to any Person, the obligations of such
Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal Property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a
balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP, provided, that for the
purposes of this definition, GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect on the Closing Date. 

Capital Stock: any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of
a corporation, and any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation). 

Carve-Out: as defined in the Interim Order or the Final Order, as applicable. 

Cases: as defined in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Cash Equivalents: 

(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United
States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within 18 months from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(b) certificates of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of 18 months or less from the date of
acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding 18 months and overnight bank deposits, in each case, with any domestic commercial bank having capital and surplus at the date of acquisition thereof in excess of $250,000,000; 

(c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses
(a) and (b) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above; 

(d) commercial paper having a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or P-1 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another rating agency) and maturing within 18 months after the date of
acquisition and Indebtedness and preferred stock issued by Persons with a rating of A or higher from S&P or A2 or higher from Moodys with maturities of 18 months or less from the date of acquisition; 

(e) readily marketable direct obligations issued by or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by any state of the United
States or any political subdivision thereof having one of the two highest rating categories obtainable from either Moodys or S&P with maturities of 18 months or less from the date of acquisition; 

(f) marketable short-term money market and similar securities having a rating of at least
P-1 or A-1 from Moodys or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from
another rating agency) and in each case maturing within 18 months after the date of creation or acquisition thereof; 

(g)
Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or Aa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or
better by Moodys; 

8 

(h) (x) such local currencies in those countries in which the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries transact business from time to time in the ordinary course of business and (y) investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g) or otherwise
customarily utilized in countries in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries operate for short term cash management purposes; and 

(i) Investments in funds which invest substantially all of their assets in Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in
clauses (a) through (h) of this definition. 

Cash Management Obligations: obligations in respect of
any overdraft or other liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services, credit or debit card, or any automated clearing house transfers of funds. 

Cash Management Order: means the interim and final order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing the Debtors to maintain their
cash management and treasury arrangements, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time with the reasonable consent of the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and Required Lenders. 

Certificated Security: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Chapter 11 Plan: a plan of reorganization in any or all of the Cases. 

Charges: as defined in Section 10.20. 

Chattel Paper: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Closing Date: March [], 2025. 

Code: the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (unless otherwise indicated). 

Collateral: as the term Collateral is defined in the Interim Order (and, when applicable, the Final Order) and
words of similar intent, and in any of the Security Documents, and shall include all present and after acquired assets and property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed of the Loan Parties, wherever located, on which Liens are or
are purported to be granted pursuant to the Orders, and/or the Security Documents to secure the payment and performance of the Obligations. 

Collateral Agent: WSFS, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties under this Agreement and the Security
Documents, together with any of its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity in accordance with Section 9.9. 

Commitment: an Initial Draw T-1 Commitment and/or a Delayed Draw T-2 Commitment, as the context may require. 

Committed Loan Notice: a request by the
Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.2 and substantially in the form of Exhibit A or another form approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or
electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent). 

Commodity Exchange Act: the
Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

9 

Commonly Controlled Entity: an entity, whether or not incorporated, that
is under common control with any Loan Party within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group that includes any Loan Party and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

Company: as defined in the preamble hereto. 

Company Parties: as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

Compliance Certificate: a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit B
or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Confidential Information: as
defined in Section 10.14. 

Consenting Senior Noteholders: as defined in the Restructuring
Support Agreement. 

Contractual Obligation: as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of
any written or recorded agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Property is bound. 

Corresponding Tenor: with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an
interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being
established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if
the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 

Debtor or Debtors: as defined in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Debtor Relief Laws: (a) the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, (b) all other liquidation, conservatorship,
bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, administration, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, debt adjustment, or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of
creditors generally (including, without limitation, any plan of arrangement provisions of applicable corporation statutes) of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect, and (c) any order made by a court of
competent jurisdiction in respect of any of the foregoing. 

Default: any of the events specified in
Section 8.1, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Default Rate: as defined in Section 2.15(c). 

Defaulting Lender: any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded
or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Loan Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is
the result of such Lenders determination that one 

10 

or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied,
(b) has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other
agreements in which it commits to extend credit (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition
precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund
prospective Loans under this Agreement, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of
which conditions precedent, together with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this
clause (c) upon the Administrative Agents or the Borrowers, as applicable, receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, or (d) has become, or is a
direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Person that is, the subject of (i) a Bail-In Action or (ii) a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator,
custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets appointed for it, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal
regulatory authority acting in such capacity, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment;
provided that, none of the foregoing events or circumstances under this clause (ii) shall result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or
instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit
such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any
one or more of the foregoing clauses shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender. 

Definitive Documents: as defined in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date: the first date on which the conditions set
forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied. 

Delayed Draw T-2
Commitment: with respect to any Lender, the commitment (if any) of such Lender to make Delayed Draw T-2 Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth
opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.1(T-2), as such commitment may be (a) terminated pursuant to Section VIII, (b) terminated or reduced pursuant to
Section 2.1(b) or (c) modified from time to time to reflect any assignments permitted by Section 10.6. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Delayed Draw
T-2 Commitments on the Closing Date is $10,000,000. 

Delayed Draw T-2 Lenders: the Persons listed on Schedule 2.1(T-2) and any other Person that shall have become a party to this Agreement pursuant to an
Assignment and Assumption in accordance with the terms of Section 10.6, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption in accordance with the terms of
Section 10.6. 

11 

Delayed Draw T-2 Loans: any Loan
made pursuant to Section 2.1(b). 

Designated Jurisdiction: any country or territory that is
the target of comprehensive Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Iran, Syria, Cuba, North Korea, and Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the
so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Kherson, and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine). 

DIP Facility: as defined in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Disinterested Director: with respect to any Person and transaction, a member of the Board of Directors of such Person who
does not have any material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to such transaction. A member of any such Board of Directors shall not be deemed to have such a financial interest by reason of such members holding Capital
Stock of the Borrower or any options, warrants or other rights in respect of such Capital Stock. 

Disposition: with
respect to any Property, any sale, sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer, license or other disposition thereof, in each case, to the extent the same constitutes a complete sale, sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or
other disposition, as applicable. The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. 

Disqualified Capital Stock: Capital Stock that (a) requires the payment of any dividends (other than dividends payable
solely in shares of non-Disqualified Capital Stock), (b) matures or is mandatorily redeemable or subject to mandatory repurchase or redemption or repurchase at the option of the holders thereof (other than
solely for non-Disqualified Capital Stock), in each case in whole or in part and whether upon the occurrence of any event, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation on a fixed date or otherwise (including as the
result of a failure to maintain or achieve any financial performance standards) or (c) are convertible or exchangeable, automatically or at the option of any holder thereof, into any Indebtedness, Capital Stock or other assets other than non-Disqualified Capital Stock (other than (i) upon payment in full of the Obligations (other than indemnification and other contingent obligations not yet due and owing) or (ii) upon a change in
control; provided, that any payment required pursuant to this clause (ii) is subject to the prior repayment in full of the Obligations (other than indemnification and other contingent obligations not yet due and owing) that
are then accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments); provided, further, however, that if such Capital Stock is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or the
Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or a Subsidiary in order to satisfy applicable statutory or
regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability. 

Disqualified
Institution:(i) those institutions identified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Petition Date and (ii) business competitors of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries identified by Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time. A list of the Disqualified Institutions provided by Borrower will be posted by the Administrative Agent on the Platform and be available for inspection
by all Lenders. Any designation of Disqualified Institutions by the Borrower at any time after the Closing Date in accordance with the foregoing shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any Person that has previously acquired an assignment or
participation interest in the Loans or Commitments. 

Dollars and $: dollars in lawful currency of
the United States. 

12 

Domestic Subsidiary: any direct or indirect Subsidiary that (i) is
organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States and (ii) is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary. 

EEA Financial Institution: (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is
subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country: any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority: any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority
of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Environmental Laws: any and all laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes or decrees (including
principles of common law) of any international authority, foreign government, the United States, or any state, provincial, local, municipal or other Governmental Authority, regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct
concerning pollution, the preservation or protection of the environment, natural resources or human health and safety (as related to Releases of or exposure to Materials of Environmental Concern), as have been, are now, or at any time hereafter are,
in effect. 

Environmental Liability: any liability, claim, action, suit, judgment or order under or relating to any
Environmental Law for any damages, injunctive relief, losses, fines, penalties, fees, expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys and consultants) or costs, whether contingent or otherwise, to the extent arising from or relating
to: (a) non-compliance with any Environmental Law or any permit, license or other approval required thereunder, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of
any Materials of Environmental Concern, (c) exposure to any Materials of Environmental Concern, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Materials of Environmental Concern, (e) any investigation, remediation, removal, clean-up or monitoring required under Environmental Laws or required by a Governmental Authority (including without limitation Governmental Authority oversight costs that the party conducting the investigation,
remediation, removal, clean-up or monitoring is required to reimburse) or (f) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which any Environmental Liability under clause
(a) through (e) above is assumed or imposed. 

ERISA: the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule: the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default: any of the events specified in Section 8.1; provided, that any
requirement set forth therein for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Exchange Act:
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

13 

Excluded Collateral: as defined in
Section 6.8(e); provided that the Borrower may designate in a written notice to the Administrative Agent any asset not to constitute Excluded Collateral, whereupon the Borrower shall be obligated to
comply with the applicable requirements of Section 6.8 as if it were newly acquired. 

Excluded Equity
Securities: (i) to the extent applicable law requires that any Subsidiary issue directors qualifying shares, such shares or nominee or other similar shares and (ii) any Capital Stock in joint ventures or other entities in which
the Loan Parties directly own 50% or less of the Capital Stock, but only in the case of this clause (ii) if, and to the extent that, and for so long as granting a security interest or other Liens therein would violate applicable law or
regulation or a shareholder agreement or other contractual obligation (in each case, after giving effect to Section 9-406(d),9-407(a) or 9-408 of the Uniform Commercial Code, if and to the extent applicable, and other applicable law) binding on such Capital Stock and in effect on the Petition Date; provided that, in no event shall any equity
securities or other Capital Stock be Excluded Equity Securities under any Loan Document if the issuer thereof is a Debtor. 

Excluded Subsidiary: any Subsidiary that is 

(a) not wholly owned directly by the Borrower or one or more of its wholly owned Subsidiaries, but only if, and to the extent
that, and for so long as the guaranteeing or granting of a Lien on its assets to secure obligations in respect of the DIP Facility would violate applicable law or regulation or a binding shareholder agreement or other contractual obligation in
effect on the Petition Date (in each case, after giving effect to Section 9-406(d),9-407(a) or 9-408 of the Uniform
Commercial Code, if and to the extent applicable, and other applicable law), 

(b) any Subsidiary that is a Foreign
Subsidiary or any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary on the Petition Date (other than, in each case, (i) any Subsidiary not identified as an Excluded Subsidiary on Schedule 4.14 and (ii) any other Subsidiary if, at any time
after the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent (acting on the instructions of the Required Lenders, acting reasonably and in good faith), shall have notified the Borrower that such Subsidiary shall no longer constitute an Excluded Subsidiary
pursuant to this clause (b)) or any other future Foreign Subsidiary or any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary if agreed by the Required Lenders, 

(c) a Subsidiary that (i) is prohibited by any applicable Requirement of Law from guaranteeing or granting of a Lien on
its assets to secure obligations in respect of the DIP Facility, but only if, and to the extent that, and for so long as, such prohibition remains in effect and applicable to such Subsidiary or (ii) which would require governmental (including
regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a guarantee or grant any Lien unless, such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, but only if, and to the extent that, and for so long as such consent,
approval, license or authorization has not been received and continues to be required, 

(d) a Subsidiary (other than, for
the avoidance of doubt, any Debtor) that is prohibited from guaranteeing or granting a Lien on its assets to secure obligations in respect of the DIP Facility by any Contractual Obligation in existence on the Petition Date (or, in the case of any
newly-acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of acquisition thereof but not entered into in contemplation thereof and not created in contemplation of such guarantee), provided, that this clause (d) shall not be applicable
if (1) the other party to such Contractual Obligation is a Loan Party, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or a Debtor or (2) consent has been obtained to provide such guarantee or such prohibition is otherwise no longer in effect,
or 

14 

(e) a Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of, or granting a
Lien on its assets to secure obligations in respect of, the DIP Facility would reasonably be expected to result in material adverse tax consequences (including as a result of Section 956 of the Code or any related provision) to the Borrower and
their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as agreed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, 

provided, that (x) if a
Subsidiary executes the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement as a Guarantor, then it shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary and (y) the Borrower may designate in a written notice to the Administrative Agent a
Subsidiary not to constitute an Excluded Subsidiary whereupon such Subsidiary shall be obligated to comply with the applicable requirements of Section 6.8 as if it were newly acquired; provided,
further, that no Loan Party on the Closing Date may be designated an Excluded Subsidiary and each such Loan Party shall remain a Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary, no Subsidiary that is or becomes a Debtor or a Loan Party shall be an Excluded Subsidiary
under the Loan Documents. 

Excluded Taxes: any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to any Recipient, (i) net income Taxes (however denominated), net profits Taxes, franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes (and net worth Taxes and capital Taxes imposed in lieu of net income
Taxes), in each case, (A) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, if such Recipient is a Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax
(or any political subdivision thereof) or (B) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes (including backup withholding) imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Recipient with respect to an
applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or this Agreement pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (A) such Recipient becomes a party to this Agreement (other than pursuant to an assignment requested by the Borrower under
Section 2.24) or (B) if such Recipient is a Lender, such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.20, amounts with respect to such Taxes
were payable either to such Recipients assignor immediately before such Recipient became a party hereto or, if such Recipient is a Lender, to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such
Recipients failure to comply with paragraphs (e) or (g), as applicable, of Section 2.20 and (iv) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Executive Officer: means Borrowers Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer or Chief
Legal Officer. 

Exit Credit Agreement means the definitive credit agreement governing the (i) continuation and
conversion of the Term Loans (excluding accrued interest which will be paid in cash on the Plan Effective Date) and (ii) the new money delayed draw exit term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $10 million. 

Extraordinary Receipts: an amount equal to (a) any cash payments or proceeds (including permitted Investments)
received (directly or indirectly) by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and other than consisting of Net Cash Proceeds from an Asset Sale or any Recovery Event or in connection with any
issuance or sale of debt securities or instruments or the incurrence of Indebtedness) in respect of (i) foreign, U.S. federal, state or local tax refunds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, tariff refunds and value added tax refunds to the
extent reflected in the Approved Budget), (ii) pension plan reversions, (iii) judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action (other than receipts from settlements with customers),
(iv) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are (A) immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 

15 

or (B) received by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any payment previously made to such Person) and (v) any purchase price adjustment received in connection with
any purchase agreement to the extent not constituting Net Cash Proceeds, minus (b) any selling and settlement costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
brokers fees or commissions and legal fees) and any taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (after taking into account any tax credits or deductions actually realized by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries with respect to the transactions described in clause (a) of this definition) in connection with the transactions described in clause (a) of this definition. 

Fair Market Value: with respect to any asset (including any Capital Stock of any Person), the fair market value thereof as
determined in good faith by the Borrower, the price at which a willing buyer, not an Affiliate of the seller, and a willing seller who does not have to sell, would agree to purchase and sell such asset; provided that with respect to any such
asset determined to have a Fair Market Value in excess of (i) $1,000,000, such Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the board of directors or, pursuant to a specific delegation of authority by such board of directors or a
designated senior executive officer, of the Borrower, or the Subsidiary of the Borrower which is selling or owns such asset and (ii) $2,500,000, such Fair Market Value shall be determined by (x) a nationally recognized investment banking firm
which determination shall be documented in a letter delivered to the Administrative Agent stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Subsidiary from a financial point of view or (y) a written valuation of such asset from a
recognized independent third party appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Fair Value: the amount
at which the assets (both tangible and intangible), in their entirety, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole and would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, within a commercially reasonable period of time, each
having reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts, with neither being under any compulsion to act. 

FATCA: Sections
1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreements (together with any law implementing such
agreements), treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

Federal Funds
Effective Rate: for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for the day of such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of
recognized standing selected by it; provided, that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero hereunder for all instances. 

Final Non-Appealable Order: a final order of the Bankruptcy Court as to which no
stay is pending and which has not been reversed, vacated or overturned, and as to which the time to appeal or move to reconsider has expired, and from which no appeal or motion to reconsider has been timely filed, or if timely filed, such appeal or
motion to reconsider has been dismissed or denied with prejudice. 

Final Order: a final order of the Bankruptcy Court
in substantially the form of the Interim Order, with only such modifications thereto as are reasonably necessary to convert the Interim Order to a final order and such other modification as are reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the
Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Borrower and the Required Lenders. 

16 

Final Order Entry Date: the date on which the Final Order is entered by
the Bankruptcy Court and has become a Final Non-Appealable Order. 

First Day
Orders: the orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court in respect of first day motions, applications and other pleadings in respect of the Cases, provided that this shall not apply to any retention applications or procedures with
respect to ordinary course professionals or professional compensation; provided, further that the right of the DIP Secured Parties to object to the entry of the orders set forth in the foregoing proviso shall not be affected by such
limitation. 

First Day Pleadings: the first-day motions, applications and other
pleadings in form and substance consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Required Lenders filed by the Debtors on the Petition Date seeking entry of the First Day Orders,
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any retention applications or procedures with respect to ordinary course professionals or professional compensation; provided, further that the right of the DIP Secured Parties to
object to the pleadings set forth in the foregoing proviso shall not be affected by such limitation.

Floor: the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the
modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to any Benchmark. With respect to Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Floor shall be 1.00%. 

Foreign Plan: any Plan that is not subject to U.S. law and is established, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party
or any other Commonly Controlled Entity. 

Foreign Plan Event: with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the failure to
make the required contributions or payments, under any applicable law, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (b) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any applicable law, or in
excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (c) the receipt of a notice from a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or
similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity under applicable law on account of the
complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein or (e) the occurrence of any transaction that is prohibited under any applicable law and that would reasonably be
expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by a Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity, or the imposition on a Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity of, any fine, excise tax or penalty resulting from any
noncompliance with any applicable law. 

Foreign Subsidiary: any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic
Subsidiary in accordance with clause (i) of such definition and each direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Foreign Subsidiary. 

Funding Office: the office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other
office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

17 

GAAP: generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in
effect from time to time. 

Governmental Authority: any nation or government, any state, province or other political
subdivision thereof and any governmental entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and, as to any Lender, any securities exchange, any self-regulatory organization
(including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) and any supranational bodies (including the European Union and the European Central Bank). 

Guarantee: collectively, the guarantee made by the Subsidiary Guarantors under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in
favor of the Secured Parties, together with each other guarantee delivered pursuant to Section 6.8. 

Guarantee and Collateral Agreement: the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit H,
among the Borrower, each Subsidiary Guarantor from time to time party thereto and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Guarantee Obligation: as to any Person (the guaranteeing person), any obligation of (a) the
guaranteeing person or (b) another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) pursuant to which the guaranteeing person has issued a guarantee, reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, in either case guaranteeing or by
which such Person becomes contingently liable for any Indebtedness (the primary obligations) of any other third Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any
obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any Property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or
payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor,
(iii) to purchase Property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure
or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary
course of business and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets or any Investment permitted under this Agreement. The amount of any Guarantee
Obligation of any guaranteeing Person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount
for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or
determinable, in which case, the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing persons maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such
Person in good faith. 

Hedge Agreements: all agreements with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative
transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or
pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions, in each case, entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, that no phantom stock, deferred compensation or similar plan providing for
payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Hedge Agreement. 

18 

Indebtedness: of any Person: without duplication, (a) all
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by (i) bonds (excluding surety bonds), debentures, notes or similar instruments, and (ii) surety bonds, (c) all obligations of such
Person for the deferred purchase price of Property or services already received, (d) all Guarantee Obligations by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) [reserved], (g) the principal
component of all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) as an account party in respect of letters of credit (other than any letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instrument in respect of which a back-to-back letter of credit has been issued under or permitted by this Agreement) and (ii) in respect of bankers acceptances and (h) all obligations of such
Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock of such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or
involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; provided, that Indebtedness shall not include (A) trade and other payables, accrued expenses and liabilities and intercompany liabilities arising in the
ordinary course of business, (B) prepaid or deferred revenue arising in the ordinary course of business, (C) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to
satisfy unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset, (D) earn-out and other contingent obligations until such obligations become a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with
GAAP and (E) obligations owing under any Hedge Agreements or in respect of Cash Management Obligations. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership in which such Person is a general partner, other than to
the extent that the instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness expressly limits the liability of such Person in respect thereof (or provides for reimbursement to such Person). 

Indebtedness for Borrowed Money: (a) to the extent the following would be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, the principal amount of all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to (i) borrowed money, evidenced by debt securities, debentures, acceptances, notes or
other similar instruments and (ii) Capital Lease Obligations, (b) reimbursement obligations for letters of credit and financial guarantees (without duplication) (other than ordinary course of business contingent reimbursement obligations)
and (c) Hedge Agreements; provided, that the Obligations shall not constitute Indebtedness for Borrowed Money. 

Indemnified Liabilities: as defined in Section 10.5. 

Indemnified Taxes: (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the immediately preceding clause (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee: as defined in Section 10.5. 

Initial Budget: the initial 13-week consolidated weekly operating budget of the
Debtors setting forth projected operating receipts, vendor disbursements, net operating cash flow and liquidity for the periods described therein prepared by the Borrowers management, covering the period commencing on or about the Petition
Date in form and substance acceptable to the Required Lenders, it being agreed that the copy of the Initial Budget attached as Exhibit F shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Lenders. 

19 

Initial Draw T-1 Availability
Date: the date on which the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 are satisfied. 

Initial Draw T-1 Commitment: with respect to any Lender, the commitment (if any) of such Lender to make Initial Draw T-1 Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.1(T-1), as such commitment may be (a) terminated pursuant to Section VIII,
(b) terminated or reduced pursuant to Section 2.1(a) or (c) modified from time to time to reflect any assignments permitted by Section 10.6. The aggregate amount of the Lenders
Initial Draw T-1 Commitments on the Closing Date is $15,000,000. 

Initial Draw T-1 Lenders: the Persons listed on Schedule 2.1(T-1) and any other Person that shall have become a party to this Agreement pursuant to an
Assignment and Assumption in accordance with the terms of Section 10.6, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption in accordance with the terms of
Section 10.6. 

Initial Draw T-1 Loans: any Loan made
pursuant to Section 2.1(a). 

Insolvency: with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the
condition that such Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 

Insolvent: pertaining to a
condition of Insolvency. 

Instrument: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Intellectual Property: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Interest Payment Date: (a) with respect to any SOFR Loan, (i) the last day of the Interest Period applicable to
the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part, (ii) [reserved] and (iii) in addition, the date of any refinancing or conversion of such Borrowing with or to a Borrowing of a different Type and (b) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last
Business Day of each calendar quarter. 

Interest Period: as to any SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of
such Borrowing or on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing (in the case of a conversion or continuation), as applicable, and ending on the numerically corresponding day (or, if there is no numerically
corresponding day, on the last day) in the calendar month that is 1 or 3 months thereafter as the Borrower may elect or as shall be deemed elected pursuant to Section 2.2 (as long as such tenor is available for such SOFR Borrowing);
provided, that if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in
which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. Interest shall accrue from and including the first day of an Interest Period to but excluding the last day of such Interest Period. 

Interim Order: an interim order of the Bankruptcy Court (and as the same may be amended, supplemented, or modified from
time to time after entry thereof with the consent of (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders in their sole discretion) in the form set forth as Exhibit E, with changes to such
form as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, approving the
Loan Documents and related matters. 

20 

Interim Order Entry Date: the date on which the Interim Order is entered
by the Bankruptcy Court. 

Investments: as defined in Section 7.7. 

IRS: the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Latest Initial Draw T-1 Date: as defined in
Section 2.1(a). 

Lenders: the Initial Draw T-1
Lenders and/or the Delayed Draw T-2 Lenders, as the context may require. 

Lien:
any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any other security agreement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement and any capital lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 

Loan: any loan made by any Lender to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, including for the avoidance of doubt, the
Initial Draw T-1 Loans and/or the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans, as the context may require. 

Loan Documents: the collective reference to this Agreement, the Orders, the Security Documents, and the Agent Fee Letter,
together with any amendment, supplement, waiver, or other modification to any of the foregoing. 

Loan Parties: the
Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, and Loan Party means any one of them. 

Mandatory Prepayment
Date: as defined in Section 2.12(e). 

Material Adverse Effect: a material adverse
effect on (a) the business, operations, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other than by virtue of the commencement of the Cases and the events and circumstances giving
rise thereto and the effects thereof), or (b) the material rights and remedies available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, or on the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment
obligations to the Lenders, in each case, under the Loan Documents; provided that Material Adverse Effect shall expressly exclude the effect of the filing of the Cases, the events and conditions resulting from or leading up thereto, and any
action required to be taken under the Loan Documents or the Orders. 

Materials of Environmental Concern: any gasoline
or petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea-formaldehyde insulation, asbestos, pollutants, contaminants, radioactivity and any other substances that are defined, listed or
regulated as hazardous, toxic (or words of similar regulatory intent or meaning) under any Environmental Law, or that are regulated pursuant to Environmental Law or which may give rise to any Environmental Liability. 

Maturity Date: the earliest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the effective date of any Chapter 11 Plan for
the Borrower or any other Debtor, (c) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all assets of the Debtors, taken as a whole, under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, (d) the date of acceleration or
termination of the DIP Facility in accordance with the terms hereof and (e) 35 days from the Petition Date (or such later date as agreed to by the Required Lenders), unless the Final Order has been entered by the Bankruptcy Court on or prior to such
date. 

21 

Maximum Rate: as defined in Section 10.20. 

Moodys: Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor to the rating agency business thereof. 

Multiemployer Plan: a Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Net Cash Proceeds: (a) in connection with any Asset Sale or any Recovery Event occurring on or after the Closing Date,
(I) the proceeds thereof in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise,
but only as and when received) received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and (II) the proceeds in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary from any sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in connection with any such Asset Sale or Recovery Event, net of (i)(x) selling expenses, attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment
banking fees, brokers fees and consulting fees, (y) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness (other than any Prepetition Indebtedness) secured by
a Lien permitted hereunder on any asset which is the subject of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event (other than any Lien pursuant to a Security Document or an order of the Bankruptcy Court) and (z) other customary fees and expenses actually
incurred by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in connection therewith; (ii) Taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary as a result thereof and, without duplication, any tax distribution that is required
as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements); (iii) the amount of any liability paid or to be paid or reasonable reserve established in accordance with GAAP against any
liabilities (other than any Taxes deducted pursuant to clause (ii) above) (A) associated with the assets that are the subject of such event and (B) retained by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, provided, that the
amount of any subsequent reduction of such reserve (other than in connection with a payment in respect of any such liability) shall be deemed to be Net Cash Proceeds of such event occurring on the date of such reduction and (iv) the pro rata
portion of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (iv)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary as a result
thereof and (b) in connection with any issuance or sale of debt securities or instruments or the incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, investment banking fees,
accountants fees, consulting fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith. 

Non-Debtor: any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Debtor. 

Non-Excluded Subsidiary: any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is not an Excluded
Subsidiary. 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiary: any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is
not a Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder: as defined in
the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

22 

Non-US Lender: as defined in
Section 2.20(e). 

Obligations: the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest
accruing after maturity) the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities (including fees, premiums and make-whole) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Agents or to any Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent,
due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, in each case, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or
therewith, whether on account of principal, premiums, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of Ad Hoc Committee Advisors and counsel to the Agents or any Lender that
are required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant hereto) or otherwise and including all indemnity claims of the Ad Hoc Committee, the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to Section 10.5. 

OFAC: the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Other Connection Taxes: with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such
Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from (and that would not have existed but for) such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments
under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document. 

Other Taxes: all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing similar Taxes that arise from
any payment made under or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other
Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.25). 

Participant: as defined in Section 10.6(c)(i). 

Participant Register: as defined in Section 10.6(c)(iii). 

PBGC: the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor).

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day: as defined in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Permitted Business: (i) the Business or (ii) any business that is a natural outgrowth or a reasonable extension,
development or expansion of any such Business or any business similar, reasonably related, incidental, complementary or ancillary to any of the foregoing. 

Permitted Variance: as defined in Section 7.17. 

Person: an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust,
unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

Petition Date:
as defined in the recitals to this Agreement. 

23 

Plan: at a particular time, any employee benefit plan as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA (whether or not subject to ERISA) and in respect of which any Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity is (or, if such plan were terminated at such time, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an
employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA or has any liability, including a Multiemployer Plan. 

Plan
Effective Date: the date of the substantial consummation (as defined in section 1101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, which for purposes hereof shall be no later than the effective date) of one or more Chapter 11 Plans confirmed pursuant to an
order entered by the Bankruptcy Court. 

Platform: as defined in Section 10.2(c). 

Pledged Securities: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Pledged Stock: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Prepayment Option Notice: as defined in Section 2.12(e). 

Prepetition Notes: the Borrowers (a) 2.25% convertible senior notes due 2026 pursuant to the Prepetition 2026
Note Indenture, (b) 2.25% convertible senior notes due 2028 pursuant to the Prepetition 2028 Notes Indenture, and (c) 4.00% convertible senior notes due 2029 pursuant to the Prepetition 2029 Notes Indenture. 

Prepetition 2026 Notes Indenture: that certain Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2021, among the Borrower and U.S. Bank
National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof. 

Prepetition 2028 Notes Indenture: that certain Indenture, dated as of May 27, 2022, among the Borrower and U.S. Bank
National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof. 

Prepetition 2029 Notes Indenture: that certain Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2022, among the Borrower and U.S.
Bank National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the requirements thereof. 

Prepetition Indebtedness: collectively, the indebtedness in respect of the Prepetition Notes and any other Indebtedness
(whether secured or unsecured) of each Debtor. 

Prepetition Payment: any payment, prepayment or repayment made on
account of, or with respect to, any Prepetition Indebtedness. 

Prime Rate: the U.S. Prime Lending Rate
published in The Wall Street Journal; provided that if The Wall Street Journal ceases to publish for any reason such rate of interest, Prime Rate shall mean the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve
Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the
Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent); each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective on the date such change is publicly announced as effective. The prime rate is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by any financial institution to
its customers. 

Proceeding: as defined in Section 10.5(c). 

24 

Property: any right or interest in or to property or assets of any kind
whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, including Capital Stock. 

Public
Information: as defined in Section 10.2(c)

Public Lender: as defined in
Section 10.2(c). 

Real Property: collectively, all right, title and interest of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries in and to any and all parcels of real property owned or leased by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary together with all improvements and appurtenant fixtures, easements and other property and rights incidental to the
ownership, lease or operation thereof. 

Recipient: (a) any Lender, (b) the Administrative Agent or (c) the
Collateral Agent, as applicable. 

Recovery Event: any settlement of or payment in respect of any Property or casualty
insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in an amount for each such event exceeding $1,000,000. 

Register: as defined in Section 10.6(b)(iv). 

Related Parties: with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers,
employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Related Person: as defined in Section 10.5. 

Release: any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal,
leaching or migration into or through the environment or within or upon any building, structure or facility. 

Relevant
Governmental Body: the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

Repayment Premium: as defined in Section 2.19. 

Replaced Lender: as defined in Section 2.24. 

Reportable Event: any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the
thirty day notice period is waived by the PBGC in accordance with the regulations thereunder. 

Representatives: as
defined in Section 10.14. 

Required Consenting Senior Noteholders: as defined in the
Restructuring Support Agreement. 

Required Lenders: at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% of the sum of
(a) the unused Commitments then in effect and (b) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans then outstanding (excluding any unused Commitments and outstanding Loans of Defaulting Lenders). 

25 

Requirement of Law: as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation
and by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case
applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its Property or to which such Person or any of its Property is subject. 

Resolution Authority: an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution
Authority. 

Responsible Officer: any officer at the level of Vice President or higher of the relevant Person or, with
respect to financial matters, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Controller or any other Person in the Treasury Department at the level of Vice President or higher of the relevant Person. 

Restricted Payments: as defined in Section 7.6. 

Restructuring Support Agreement: the Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of March [], 2025, among the
Debtors and the members of the Ad Hoc Committee. 

S&P: Standard & Poors Ratings Group, Inc., or any
successor to the rating agency business thereof. 

Sanction(s): any international economic sanction administered or
enforced by the U.S. government, including OFAC and the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or any other applicable sanctions authorities. 

Scheduled Maturity Date: July [], 2025; provided that, if such date is not a Business Day, the Scheduled
Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 

SEC: the Securities and Exchange Commission (or
successors thereto or an analogous Governmental Authority). 

Secured Parties: collectively, the Lenders, the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other holder from time to time of any of the Obligations and, in each case, their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Security: as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

Security Documents: the collective reference to the Orders, the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, and all other security
documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, purporting to grant a Lien on any Property of any Loan Party to secure the Obligations. 

Single Employer Plan: any Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and in respect of which any Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an
employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA or has any liability. 

SOFR: a rate equal to the secured
overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

26 

SOFR Administrator: the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Borrowing: a Borrowing comprised of SOFR Loans. 

SOFR Loan: any Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate in accordance with
the provisions of Section II, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR. 

Subsidiary: as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of
stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such
corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a
Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a direct or indirect Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary Guarantors: (a) each Subsidiary other than any Excluded Subsidiary, and (b) any other Subsidiary of
the Borrower that is a party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Petition Date, only the Borrowers Domestic Subsidiaries shall be Subsidiary Guarantors. 

Superpriority Claims: as defined in Section 2.25(a)(i). 

T-1 Upfront Payment: as defined in Section 2.9(a)(i).

T-2 Upfront Payment: as defined in
Section 2.9(a)(ii). 

Taxes: all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties,
deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, fines, additions to tax or penalties
applicable thereto. 

Term Prepayment Amount: as defined in Section 2.12(e). 

Term SOFR: 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable
Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term
SOFR Administrator; provided, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

27 

(b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR
Administrator; provided, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such ABR Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR Administrator shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration
Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Test Period: the rolling cumulative 2-week period most recently ended on the last
Saturday prior to the delivery of each Budget Variance Report. 

Transactions: (a) with respect to the Borrower, the
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof, and the granting of Liens by the Borrower on Collateral pursuant to
the Security Documents, (b) with respect to each Subsidiary Guarantor, the execution, delivery and performance by such Subsidiary Guarantor of each Loan Document to which it is a party, the guaranteeing of the Indebtedness and the other
obligations under the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement by such Subsidiary Guarantor, and the granting of Liens by such Subsidiary Guarantor on Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Excluded Collateral)
and (c) the payment of fees, costs, premiums and expenses in connection with the foregoing. 

Type: shall mean,
when used in respect of any Loan or Borrowing, the Rate by reference to which interest on such Loan or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing is determined. For purposes hereof, the term Rate shall include the Term SOFR and the
ABR. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day: any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or
(iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

UK Financial Institution: any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to
time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain
credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution
Authority: the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

28 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: the applicable Benchmark Replacement
excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

United States or U.S.: the United States of
America. 

US Lender: as defined in Section 2.20(g). 

USA Patriot Act: as defined in Section 10.18. 

Wages Order: The interim and final orders of the Bankruptcy Court approving the Debtors Emergency Motion for an
Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) Pay Prepetition Wages, Salaries, Employee Benefits and Other Compensation and (B) Continue Employee Benefits Programs and Pay Related Administrative
Obligations, and (II) Granted Related Relief [Docket No. []]. 

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers: (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA
Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part
of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

1.2 Other Definitional Provisions. 

(a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan
Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 

(b) As used herein and in the other Loan
Documents, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (i) accounting terms relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly
defined in Section 1.1, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP, (ii) the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be
followed by the phrase without limitation, and (iii) references to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

(c) The words hereof, herein and
hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section,Schedule and Exhibit references are to
this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 

(d) The term license shall include
sub-license. The term documents includes any and all documents whether in physical or electronic form. 

(e) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 

29 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or
financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
at fair value, as defined therein, and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or
any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued
at the full stated principal amount thereof. 

1.3 [Reserved]. 

1.4 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. If any basket is exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in applicable currency exchange
rates after the last time such basket was utilized, such basket will not be deemed to have been exceeded solely as a result of such fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

1.5 [Reserved]. 

1.6
Accounting Terms. For purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement, the determination of whether a lease is to be treated as an operating lease or capital lease shall be made without giving effect to any change in
accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the implementation of proposed Accounting Standards Update (ASU) Leases (Topic 840) issued August 17, 2010, or any successor proposal. 

1.7 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or
any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been
transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at
such time. 

SECTION II. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 

2.1 Commitments. 

(a)
Initial Draw T-1 Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 5.1 hereof and in the Orders, each Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Loans
denominated in Dollars to the Borrower on or after the Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Lenders Initial Draw
T-1 Commitment (if any); provided that, if the Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date shall not have occurred on or prior to the date that is 5 Business Days after
the Petition Date (the Latest Initial Draw T-1 Date), the Initial Draw T-1 Commitments of all Lenders shall automatically and permanently terminate on
and as of the Latest Initial Draw T-1 Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Draw T-1 Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to
$0 upon the making of such Lenders Initial Draw T-1 Loans. Initial Draw T-1 Loans borrowed and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

(b) Delayed Draw T-2 Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
Section 5.2 hereof and in the Orders, each Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Loans denominated in Dollars to the Borrower or after on the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability
Date in an 

30 

aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Lenders Delayed Draw T-2 Commitment; provided, that the unused Delayed Draw T-2 Commitments of all Lenders shall automatically and permanently terminate on the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Delayed Draw T-2 Commitment of each Lender
shall be automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon the making of such Lenders Delayed Draw T-2 Loans. Delayed Draw T-2 Loans borrowed and repaid or prepaid
may not be reborrowed. If the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans are not fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the Initial Draw T-1 Loans, the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans shall be identified separately. 

2.2 Procedure for Borrowing, Conversions and Continuations
of Loans. 

(a) Each Borrowing, each conversion of loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Loans shall be made upon
irrevocable notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each such notice must be in writing and must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) two Business Days prior to the requested date of
(x) conversion of ABR Loans to, or continuation of, SOFR Loans, or (y) conversion of SOFR Loans to, or continuation of, ABR Loans (ii) 5:00 pm (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Initial
Draw T-1 Loans on or after the Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date and (iii) 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) two Business Days for all other Borrowings (but not
conversion) of Loans. Each notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.2(a) shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount equal to $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is
requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other or a continuation of SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the
principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which an existing Loans are to be converted and/or continued and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with
respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to ABR
Loans. Any such automatic conversion of SOFR Loans to ABR Loans pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to such SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a
Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. No more than six Interest Periods among SOFR
Loans shall be outstanding at any time. 

(b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each applicable Lender of the amount of its ratable share of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation of a SOFR Loan is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details
of any automatic conversion to ABR Loans or SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month, as applicable, described in Section 2.2(a). Each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in
same day funds at the Funding Office not later than (i) 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice for any Borrowing of SOFR Loans and (ii) 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day
specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice for any Borrowing of ABR Loans. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2, as applicable, the
Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount
of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 

31 

(c) Conversions and continuations of Loans are also subject to the following terms:
(i) each conversion or continuation shall be made pro rata among the applicable Lenders in accordance with the respective principal amounts of the Term Loans comprising the converted or continued Borrowing; (ii) the Interest Periods and
Types of any Loans that have been borrowed or issued on the same date shall at all times be identical, including with respect to any subsequent extensions or conversions thereof; (iii) each conversion shall be effected by each Lender and the
Administrative Agent by recording for the account of such Lender the new Borrowing of such Lender resulting from such conversion, and accrued interest on any Term SOFR Loan (or a portion thereof) being converted shall be paid by the Borrower at the
time of conversion; (iv) except as otherwise provided herein, a SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such SOFR Loan unless the Borrower pays the amount due under Section 2.22 in connection
therewith at the time of conversion; (v) any portion of a Borrowing maturing or required to be repaid in less than one month may not be converted into or continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing; (vi) any portion of a Term SOFR Borrowing that
cannot be converted into or continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing by reason of the immediately preceding clause shall be automatically converted at the end of the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing into an ABR Borrowing; (vii) no
Interest Period may be selected for any Term SOFR Borrowing that would end later than the scheduled Maturity Date occurring on or after the first day of such Interest Period if, after giving effect to such selection, the aggregate outstanding amount
of the Term SOFR Borrowings with Interest Periods ending on or prior to the applicable date would not be at least equal to the principal amount of applicable Term SOFR Borrowings to be paid on such date; and (viii) during the existence of an
Event of Default which is continuing, at the written election of the Required Lenders, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as SOFR Loans. 

2.3 [Reserved]. 

2.4
[Reserved]. 

2.5 [Reserved]. 

2.6 [Reserved]. 

2.7
[Reserved]. 

2.8 Repayment of Loans. 

(a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the appropriate Lender, the principal
amount of each outstanding Loan of such Lender made to the Borrower on the Maturity Date (or on such earlier date on which the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 8.1). The Borrower hereby further agrees to pay
interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loans made to the Borrower from time to time outstanding from the date made until payment in full thereof at the rates per annum, and on the dates, set forth in Section 2.15.

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing indebtedness of the Borrower to
such Lender resulting from each Loan of such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. 

(c) The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Borrower, shall maintain the Register pursuant to
Section 10.6(b)(iv), in which shall be recorded (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder and each Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal, interest and fees, as applicable, due and
payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lenders share thereof. 

32 

(d) The entries made in the Register and the accounts of each Lender maintained pursuant to
Sections 2.8(b) and 2.8(c) shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be presumptively correct absent demonstrable error of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided,
however, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain the Register or any such account, or any error therein, shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the
Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

2.9 Fees and Premiums. 

(a) Upfront Payment. 

(i) On the Closing Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Lender, an
upfront payment (the T-1 Upfront Payment) in an amount equal to 5.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Draw T-1 Commitment on the
Closing Date, which T-1 Upfront Payment shall be payable in the form of an increase in the principal amount of Loans owing to each Lender as set forth on Schedule 2.9(a)(i). 

(ii) On the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date, the Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Lender, an upfront payment (the T-2 Upfront Payment) in an amount equal to 5.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw
T-2 Commitment on the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date, which T-2 Upfront Payment shall be payable in the form of an increase
in the principal amount of Loans owing to each Lender as set forth on Schedule 2.9(a)(ii). 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay
(i) to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Agent, fees payable in the amounts and on the dates separately agreed upon in writing between the Borrower and such Agents, including pursuant to the Agent Fee Letter, and (ii) such
other fees as separately agreed upon in writing to be paid by the Borrower to the Lenders (after giving effect to clause (a) above). 

(c) All fees and premiums payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for
distribution (i) to the applicable Agent for its own account or (ii) to the Lenders, in the case of fees and premiums due to the Lenders hereunder, as applicable. Fees or premiums paid hereunder shall not be refundable under any
circumstances. 

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree to treat, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income
tax purposes, any increase in the principal amount of Loans owing to any Lender under this Section 2.9 as original issue discount. 

2.10 [Reserved]. 

2.11
Optional Prepayments. 

(a) The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Loans (subject to
Section 2.11(b) below), in whole or in part, without premium or penalty except as specifically provided in Section 2.19, upon irrevocable written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no
later than 12:00 Noon, New York City time, three Business Days prior thereto, which notice shall specify the date and 

33 

amount of prepayment; provided, that if a SOFR Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing
pursuant to Sections 2.21 and 2.22. Promptly following receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein (provided, that any such notice may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any transaction or the receipt
of proceeds to be used for such payment, in each case specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to
the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied), together with accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid. Partial prepayments of Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of
$100,000 in excess thereof, and in each case shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.18. 

(b) In
connection with any optional prepayments by the Borrower of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(a), such prepayment shall be applied to all then outstanding Loans on a pro rata basis. 

2.12 Mandatory Prepayments. 

(a) Unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree, if any Indebtedness (excluding any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred in accordance
with Section 7.2) shall be incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied not later than one (1) Business Day after the date of receipt of such Net
Cash Proceeds toward the prepayment of the Loans as set forth in Section 2.12(d). 

(b) Unless the Required
Lenders shall otherwise agree, if on any date the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall for its own account receive Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event with respect to any assets or Property (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
Intellectual Property licenses in respect thereof), then such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied not later than two (2) Business Days after such date toward the prepayment of the Loans as set forth in Section 2.12(d).

(c) Unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree, if on any date the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall for its own account receive
Extraordinary Receipts, then such Extraordinary Receipts shall be applied not later than two (2) Business Days after such date toward the prepayment of the Loans as set forth in Section 2.12(d). 

(d) Amounts to be applied in connection with prepayments of Loans pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall, subject to
the Orders, be applied to the prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.18 until all Loans are paid in full. In connection with any mandatory prepayments by the Borrower of the Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.12, such prepayments shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the then outstanding Loans being prepaid. Each prepayment of the Loans under this Section 2.12 shall be accompanied by accrued
interest to the date of such prepayment on the amount prepaid, any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.22, and the Repayment Premium described in Section 2.19. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.12 or 2.18, with respect to the amount of any
mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.12(b) or (c) (such amount, the Term Prepayment Amount), the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, in lieu of applying such amount to the prepayment of
Loans as provided in paragraph (d) above, not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day prior to the date specified in this Section 2.12 for such prepayment, give the Administrative Agent notice in
writing requesting that the Administrative Agent provide to each Lender a notice (each, a Prepayment Option Notice) as described below. As promptly as practicable after 

34 

receiving such notice from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent will send to each Lender a Prepayment Option Notice, which shall be in the form of Exhibit G (or such other form approved
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), and shall include an offer by the Borrower to prepay, on the date (each a Mandatory Prepayment Date) that is ten Business Days after the date of the Prepayment Option Notice, the
Loans of such Lender by an amount equal to the portion of the Term Prepayment Amount indicated in such Lenders Prepayment Option Notice as being applicable to such Lenders Loans. Each Lender may reject all or a portion of its Term
Prepayment Amount by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) five (5) Business Days after such Lenders receipt of the Prepayment Option Notice (which notice shall
specify the principal amount of the Term Prepayment Amount to be rejected by such Lender); provided, that any Lenders failure to so reject such Term Prepayment Amount shall be deemed an acceptance by such Lender of such Prepayment
Option Notice and the amount to be prepaid in respect of Loans held by such Lender. On the Mandatory Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall pay to the relevant Lenders the aggregate amount necessary to prepay that portion of the outstanding Loans in
respect of which such Lenders have (or are deemed to have) accepted prepayment as described above. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.12, (A) to the extent that any or all of the Net
Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Asset Sale) or the Net Cash Proceeds of any Recovery Event with respect to a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Recovery Event), in each case giving
rise to a prepayment event pursuant to Section 2.12(b), are or is prohibited, restricted or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to the United States, the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so affected will
not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.12 but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law will not permit or
restricts repatriation to the United States (the Borrower hereby agreeing to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local law to permit such
repatriation), and once such repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds is permitted under the applicable local law, such repatriation will be immediately effected and such repatriated Net Cash Proceeds will be promptly (and in any event
not later than five Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof including, without duplication, any repatriation costs associated with repatriation of such proceeds from the
applicable recipient to the Borrower) to the repayment of the Loans in accordance with this Section 2.12 and (B) to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any or all of the Net
Cash Proceeds of any Foreign Asset Sale or any Foreign Recovery Event derived from a Foreign Subsidiary could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit, in the
Borrowers reasonable judgment, expected to be realized in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds, the Net Cash Proceeds so affected may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary, provided, that,
in the case of this clause (B), on or before the date on which any Net Cash Proceeds so retained would otherwise have been required to be applied to prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.12, (x) the Borrower shall
apply an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds to such prepayments as if such Net Cash Proceeds had been received by the Borrower rather than such Foreign Subsidiary, less the amount of additional taxes that would have been payable or
reserved against if such Net Cash Proceeds had been repatriated (or, if less, the Net Cash Proceeds that would be calculated if received by such Foreign Subsidiary) or (y) such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness
of a Foreign Subsidiary, in each case, other than as mutually agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (acting on the instructions of the Required Lenders). 

35 

2.13 [Reserved]. 

2.14 [Reserved]. 

2.15
Interest Rates and Payment Dates. 

(a) The unpaid principal amount of each ABR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the
Borrowing thereof until Maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the Applicable Margin for ABR Loans plus the ABR, in each case, in effect from time to time. 

(b) The unpaid principal amount of each SOFR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof (whether
by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans plus the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 

(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the principal amount of outstanding Loans, any fees and/or any
other amount outstanding or payable by the Borrower or any other Loan Party hereunder shall automatically bear interest (after as well as before judgment) at a rate per annum (the Default Rate) equal to (i) in the case of the
principal amount of any Loan, 2.00% per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan and (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00% per annum plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans, in each case, from the date of the occurrence
of such Event of Default until no Event of Default is continuing or the Loans are paid in full. Such interest shall be payable in cash by the Borrower from time to time on demand. 

2.16 Computation of Interest and Fees. 

(a) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the ABR at
times when the ABR is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last
day). The applicable ABR, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be presumptively
correct in the absence of demonstrable error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to
Section 2.15(a) and Section 2.15(b). 

2.17 Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) If prior
to the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR Borrowing: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will
not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 

36 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or
electronic means as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Committed Loan Notice that requests the
conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be converted to or continued as on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto an ABR Borrowing, and
(ii) if any Committed Loan Notice requests a SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. 

(c) Upon the
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark
settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
provided that, solely if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower determine that (x) the Relevant Governmental Body has not made any selection or recommendation for a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a
rate and (y) there is no evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of
objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(d) In connection with the implementation of a
Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and
its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark
pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any
Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event,
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.17. 

37 

(f) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to
time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of
information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the
Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable,
non-representative,non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to
clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is
not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative
Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement)
settings. 

(g) Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may
revoke any request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for a SOFR
Loan into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current
Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 

(h) Furthermore, if any Loan is
outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the rate applicable to such Loan, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the
next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan on such day. 

2.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments. 

(a) Except as expressly otherwise provided herein (including as expressly provided in Sections 2.12, 2.20, 2.21,
2.24, 10.5 and 10.7), each payment (other than prepayments) in respect of principal or interest in respect of any Loans and each payment in respect of fees payable hereunder with respect to the Loans shall be applied to the
amounts of such obligations owing to the Lenders, pro rata according to the respective amounts then due and owing to such Lenders. 

(b)
Each optional and mandatory prepayment of the Loans shall be allocated among the Loans then outstanding pro rata; provided, that, any mandatory prepayment of Loans under Section 2.12(b) or
(c) shall be subject to the opt-out provision under Section 2.12(e). Amounts repaid or prepaid on account of the Loans may not be reborrowed. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

38 

(d) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrower hereunder, whether on
account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant
Lenders and/or Agents, as applicable, at the Funding Office, in immediately available funds. Any payment received by the Administrative Agent after 3:00 p.m., New York City time may be considered received on the next Business Day in the
Administrative Agents sole discretion. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the relevant Lenders and/or Agents, as applicable, promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. If any payment hereunder (other than payments
on the SOFR Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a SOFR Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity
thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In
the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding sentence, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. 

(e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender will not make the
amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent may, in
reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative
Agent on demand, such amount with interest thereon, at a rate equal to the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (ii) a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation, for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph
shall be presumptively correct in the absence of demonstrable error. If such Lenders share of such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three Business Days after such Borrowing Date, the
Administrative Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable to SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month,
on demand, from the Borrower. 

(f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by the Borrower prior to the date
of any payment due to be made by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document that the Borrower will not make such payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower is making such payment, and the
Administrative Agent may, but shall not be required to, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Lenders their respective pro rata shares of a corresponding amount. If such payment is not made to the Administrative Agent by
the Borrower within three Business Days after such due date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover, on demand, from each relevant Lender to which any amount which was made available pursuant to the preceding sentence, such amount
with interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against the Borrower. 

2.19 Repayment Premium. In the event that all or any portion of the Loans is repaid or prepaid or required to be repaid or prepaid in
any manner and for any reason, whether pursuant to Section 2.11(a), Section 2.12(a), Section 2.12(b), or Section 2.12(c) (excluding a replacement
of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.24), on the Maturity Date or following acceleration of the Loans or otherwise, such prepayment or repayment shall be accompanied by a premium (the Repayment Premium) in an amount equal to
3.50% multiplied by the aggregate principal amount of the Loans so prepaid or repaid or required to be repaid or prepaid. If the Loans are accelerated or otherwise become due prior to their Maturity Date,

39 

in each case as a result of an Event of Default (including the acceleration of claims by operation of law), the amount of principal of and premium on the Loans that becomes due and payable shall
automatically equal 100% of the principal amount of the Loans plus the Repayment Premium as if such acceleration or other occurrence were a voluntary prepayment of the Loans or otherwise becoming due, and such Repayment Premium shall
constitute part of the Obligations, in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable calculation of each Lenders loss as a result thereof. Any
premium payable above shall be presumed to be the liquidated damages sustained by each Lender and the Borrower agrees that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY
LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACCELERATION. The Borrower expressly agrees (to the fullest extent it may
lawfully do so) that: (A) the Repayment Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Repayment Premium shall be payable
notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Borrower giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Repayment
Premium; and (D) the Borrower shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph and in Sections 2.9 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree to
treat, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes, any increase in the principal amount of Loans owing to any Lender under this Section 2.19 as original issue discount. 

2.20 Taxes. 

(a) Except
as otherwise required by law, all payments made by or on account of the Borrower or any Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to any Recipient under this Agreement shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or
withholding for or on account of, any Taxes. If applicable law requires withholding or deduction of any Tax from any such payment, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or other withholding agent shall make such deduction or withholding and shall
timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If any Indemnified Taxes are required to be deducted or withheld from any such payments, the amounts so payable to the
applicable Recipient shall be increased to the extent necessary so that after deduction or withholding of such Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.20(a)) the
applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b)
Without duplication of other amounts payable by the Borrower under this section, the Borrower or any Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable law. 

(c) Whenever any Taxes are payable by the Borrower or any Loan Party under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, as
promptly as possible thereafter the Borrower shall send to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Administrative Agent or Lender, as the case may be, a certified copy of an original official receipt received by the Borrower or Loan Party
showing payment thereof if such receipt is obtainable, or, if not, such other evidence of payment as may reasonably be required by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. 

(d) The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified
Taxes, including any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.20, payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any incremental Taxes and reasonable expenses
arising therefrom or with respect 

40 

thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability prepared in
good faith and delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent if applicable) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Each Lender that is not a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (a Non-US Lender) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender from which the related participation shall have been purchased) (A) (i) two
accurate and complete copies of IRS Form W-8ECI,W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable,
(ii) in the case of a Non-US Lender claiming exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of portfolio interest, a
statement substantially in the form of Exhibit D and two accurate and complete copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, or
any subsequent versions or successors to such forms, in each case properly completed and duly executed by such Non-US Lender claiming complete exemption from, or reduced rate of, U.S. federal withholding tax
on all payments by the Borrower or any Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or (iii) IRS Form W-8IMY (or any applicable successor form) and all necessary attachments (including
the forms described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, provided that if the Non-US Lender is a partnership, and one or more of the partners is claiming portfolio interest treatment, the certificate in the
form of Exhibit D may be provided by such Non-US Lender on behalf of such partners) and (B) any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S.
federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. Such forms
shall be delivered by each Non-US Lender on or about the date it becomes a party to this Agreement (or, in the case of any Participant, on or about the date such Participant purchases the related
participation). In addition, each Non-US Lender shall deliver such forms promptly upon the obsolescence or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Non-US
Lender, and from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Each Non-US Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at any time it
determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any previously delivered certificate to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (or any other form of certification adopted by the United States taxing authorities for such purpose).
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, a Non-US Lender shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this paragraph that such Non-US Lender is
not legally able to deliver provided that it shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of such inability. 

(f) [reserved] 

(g) Each Lender
that is a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (a US Lender) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two accurate and complete copies of IRS Form W-9, or any subsequent versions or successors to such form and certify that such Lender is not subject to backup withholding. Such forms shall be delivered by each US Lender on or about the date it becomes a party
to this Agreement. In addition, each US Lender shall deliver such forms promptly upon the obsolescence or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such US Lender, and from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent. Each US Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any previously delivered certifications to the Borrower (or any other form of certification adopted by
the United States taxing authorities for such purpose). 

(h) If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith,
that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.20 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this
Section 2.20), it shall 

41 

promptly pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid under this
Section 2.20, with respect to the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such
Recipient and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided, that such indemnifying party, upon the request of such Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over
to the indemnifying party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority other than any such penalties, interest or other charges resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the
relevant Recipient (as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction)) to such Recipient in the event such Recipient is required to repay such refund to such
Governmental Authority; provided, further, that such Recipient shall, at the indemnifying partys request, provide a copy of any notice of assessment or other evidence of the requirement to pay such refund received from the
relevant Governmental Authority (provided that the Recipient may delete any information therein that it deems confidential). This paragraph shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information
relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. In no event will any Recipient be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party the payment of which would place such Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund of any Indemnified Taxes had never been paid. 

(i) [reserved] 

(j) If a
payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or
1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or Administrative Agent such documentation
prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and
Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that, if any, such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for
purposes of this Section 2.20(j), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(k) To the extent required by any applicable laws, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent
to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting the provisions of this Section 2.20, each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified
Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes
attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.6(c)(iii) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each
case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set
off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph
(k). 

42 

(l) The agreements in this Section 2.20 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable under any Loan Document, the resignation of the Administrative Agent and any assignment of rights by, or replacement of, any Lender. 

(m) For purposes of this Section 2.20, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable law includes FATCA. 

2.21 Indemnity. Other than with respect to Taxes, which shall be governed solely by Section 2.20, the
Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense (other than lost profits, including the loss of the interest rate margin) that such Lender actually sustains or incurs as a consequence of
(a) any failure by the Borrower in making a borrowing of or continuation of SOFR Loans after the Borrower has given notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) any failure by the Borrower in making
any prepayment of SOFR Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or (c) the making of a prepayment or continuation of SOFR Loans on a day that is not the last day of an Interest
Period with respect thereto. A reasonably detailed certificate as to (showing in reasonable detail the calculation of) any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.21 submitted to the Borrower by any Lender shall be
presumptively correct in the absence of demonstrable error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Obligations. 

2.22 Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an
Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow (other than due to the
default of the relevant Lender), convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (d) the assignment of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto
as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.24, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a SOFR Loan,
such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to be the amount determined by such Lender (it being understood that the deemed amount shall not exceed the actual amount) to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that
would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Term SOFR, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current
Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue a SOFR Loan, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal
amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in Dollars of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurocurrency market. A certificate of any
Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.22 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such
Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

2.23 Change of Lending Office. Each
Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.20(a) with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts
(subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) that would, in the Lenders judgment, avoid or minimize any amounts payable pursuant to such Section (including by designating another lending office for any Loans affected by such event
with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event); provided, that such designation is made on terms that, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or
regulatory disadvantage or unreimbursed cost or expense; provided, further, that nothing in this Section 2.23 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender
pursuant to Section 2.20(a). The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with such designation or assignment. 

43 

2.24 Replacement of Lenders. The Borrower shall be permitted to replace with a
financial entity or financial entities any Lender (each such Lender, a Replaced Lender) that (i) requests reimbursement for amounts owing or otherwise results in increased costs imposed on the Borrower or on account of which
the Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to any Governmental Authority, in each case, pursuant to Section 2.20 or 2.21 (to the extent a request made by a Lender pursuant to the operation of
Section 2.21 is materially greater than requests made by other Lenders), (ii) is a Disqualified Institution, (iii) has refused to consent to any waiver or amendment with respect to any Loan Document that requires such
Lenders consent and has been consented to by the Required Lenders, or (iv) is a Defaulting Lender; provided, that, in the case of a replacement pursuant to clause (i) above: 

(a) such replacement does not conflict with any Requirement of Law; 

(b) the replacement financial entity or financial entities shall purchase, at par (which purchase price shall exclude, for the avoidance of
doubt, any Repayment Premium), all Loans and other amounts owing to such Replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement; 

(c) the
Borrower shall be liable to such Replaced Lender under Section 2.22 (as though Section 2.22 were applicable) if any SOFR Loan owing to such Replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last
day of the Interest Period relating thereto; 

(d) the replacement financial entity or financial entities, (x) if not already a
Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the extent that an assignment to such replacement financial institution of the rights and obligations being acquired by it would
otherwise require the consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.6(b)(i)(2) and (y) shall pay (unless otherwise paid by the Borrower) any processing and recordation fee otherwise required under
Section 10.6(b)(ii)(2); 

(e) the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to providing its consent in
accordance with the terms hereof), any replacement financial entity or entities and in accordance with the last paragraph of this Section 2.24, the Replaced Lender or the Borrower shall execute and deliver, and such Replaced Lender shall
thereupon be deemed to have executed and delivered, an appropriately completed Assignment and Assumption to effect such substitution; 

(f)
the Borrower shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 2.20, as the case may be, in respect of any period prior to the date on which such replacement shall be consummated; 

(g) in respect of a replacement pursuant to clause (iii) above, the replacement financial entity or financial entities shall
consent to such amendment or waiver; 

(h) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the Replaced Lender; and 

(i) in the case of any such replacement resulting
from a requirement that the Borrower pay additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.20 or 2.21, such replacement will result in a reduction in such payments thereafter. 

44 

In connection with any such replacement under this Section 2.24,
if the Replaced Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Assumption and/or any other documentation necessary to reflect such replacement by the later of (x) the date on which the
replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation and (y) the date as of which all obligations of the Borrower owing to the Replaced Lender relating to the Loans and Commitments so assigned
shall be paid in full to such Replaced Lender, then such Replaced Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not
obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Replaced Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall record such assignment in the Register. 

2.25 Priority and Liens; No Discharge.

(a) Each Loan Party hereby covenants, represents, warrants and agrees that upon the execution on this Agreement and entry of the Interim Order
(and, when applicable, the Final Order), the obligations hereunder and under the Loan Documents shall, subject to the Carve-Out, at all times: 

(i) be entitled to superpriority administrative expense claim status in the Cases having a priority over all administrative
expenses and any claims of any kind or nature whatsoever, specified in or ordered pursuant to section 105, 326, 327, 328, 330, 331, 361, 362, 363, 364, 365, 503, 506, 507(a), 507(b), 546, 552, 726, 1113 or 1114 or any other provisions of the
Bankruptcy Code (the Superpriority Claims); 

(ii) be secured by a fully perfected security interest in
and lien on all Collateral of each Debtor, as provided in and with the priority contemplated by the Interim Order (and, when applicable, the Final Order). 

(b) Each Loan Party hereby confirms and acknowledges that, pursuant to the Interim Order (and, when entered, the Final Order), Liens in favor
of the Collateral Agent on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties in all of the Debtors Collateral, which includes, without limitation, all of such Debtors Real Property, now existing or hereafter acquired, shall be created
and perfected without the recordation or filing in any land records or filing offices of any mortgage, assignment or similar instrument. 

(c) All of the Liens described in this Section 2.25 (x) shall be effective and perfected upon entry of the Interim Order (and, when
entered, the Final Order) without the necessity of the execution, recordation or filings by any Debtor of mortgages, security agreements, control agreements, pledge agreements, financing statements or other similar documents, or the possession or
control by the Collateral Agent of, or over, any Collateral, as set forth in the Orders and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, shall in no way limit the Liens and security interests granted by any Loan Party pursuant to the Orders, or the Security
Documents. 

(d) Each of the Loan Parties agrees that (i) its obligations under the Credit Documents shall not be discharged by the
entry of an order confirming a Chapter 11 Plan (and each of the Loan Parties, pursuant to Section 1141(d)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code, hereby irrevocably waives any such discharge) and (ii) the Superpriority Claim granted to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to the Orders and the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders pursuant to the Orders shall not be affected in any manner by the entry of an order confirming a Chapter 11 Plan. 

2.26 Exit Conversion. Upon consummation of an Acceptable Plan of Reorganization, on the Plan Effective Date, so long as (a) no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 

45 

including, without limitation, of any payment or prepayment obligations hereunder and (b)(i) the Restructuring Support Agreement has not terminated with respect to the Consenting Senior
Noteholders and no default exists thereunder that would permit the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders to terminate the Restructuring Support Agreement on such date or after the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, and such default has
not been otherwise waived in accordance with the Restructuring Support Agreement, provided that the condition set forth in the foregoing clause (b)(i) shall not fail to have been satisfied to the extent the Company Parties terminate the
Restructuring Support Agreement as to a Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder so long as the Consenting Senior Noteholders (excluding any Non-Supporting Senior Noteholders as
to which the Restructuring Support Agreement has been terminated) continue to hold or control at least two-thirds in principal amount of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes, each Lender
severally and not jointly, agrees (i) that the principal amount of the Obligations outstanding (including the amount of the Upfront Payment and the Repayment Premium) at such time shall be deemed repaid and converted through the issuance of
term loans under the Exit Credit Agreement on a dollar-for-dollar basis, and (ii) to provide the portion of the new money $10,000,000 incremental exit loans under
the Exit Credit Agreement as specified in the Restructuring Support Agreement, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in and otherwise in accordance with, the Restructuring Support Agreement and such Acceptable Plan of
Reorganization (the Exit Conversion); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding amount of interest on the Plan Effective Date, all fees and expenses of the DIP Secured Parties payable pursuant to the
Loan Documents and all indemnification obligations (solely to the extent due and payable as of the Plan Effective Date in cash on the Plan Effective Date) shall be paid in full in cash on such date.

SECTION III. [RESERVED] 

SECTION IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

To induce the Agents and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, the Borrower hereby represents and
warrants (as to itself and each of its Subsidiaries) to the Agents and each Lender, which representations and warranties shall be deemed made on the Closing Date and on the date of each Borrowing of Loans hereunder that: 

4.1 Financial Condition. 

(a) The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023, and the related
statements of income, stockholders equity and of cash flows for the fiscal year ended on such date, reported on by and accompanied by an unqualified report from BDO USA, P.C., present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of
the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date and the results of their operations, their cash flows and their changes in stockholders equity for the respective fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including
the related schedules and notes thereto and year-end adjustments, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as otherwise noted therein). 

(b) The financial projections (including the Initial Budget) and estimates and information of a general economic nature prepared by or on
behalf of the Borrower or any of its representatives, and that have been made available to any Lenders or the Administrative Agent in connection with the DIP Facility or the other transactions contemplated hereby (i) have been prepared in good
faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable as of the date thereof (it being understood that actual results may vary materially from such projections and estimates), as of the date such projections and estimates were
furnished to the Lenders and as of the Closing Date, and (ii) as of the Closing Date, have not been modified in any material respect by the Borrower. 

46 

4.2 No Change. Since the Closing Date, there has been no event, development or
circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.3 Existence; Compliance with Law.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, subject to the entry of the Orders and the terms thereof, (a) (i) is duly organized (or incorporated), validly existing and in good standing (or, only where applicable, the equivalent status in any
foreign jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, except in each case (other than with respect to the Borrower) to the extent such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) has the corporate or other organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its Property, to lease the Property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged,
except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity and in good standing (where such concept is relevant) under the laws of
each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of Property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or in good standing (where such concept is
relevant) would not have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that any such failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.4 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. 

(a) Each Loan Party and, subject to the entry of the Orders and terms thereof, has the corporate or other organizational power and authority
to execute and deliver, and perform its obligations under, the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to borrow hereunder, except in each case (other than with respect to the Borrower) to the extent such failure to
do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party and, subject to the entry of the Orders and the terms thereof, each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other action to authorize the execution and
delivery of, and the performance of its obligations under, the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, except in each case (other
than with respect to the Borrower) to the extent such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Subject to the entry of the Orders and the terms thereof, no consent or authorization of, filing with, or notice to, any Governmental
Authority is required to be obtained or made by any Loan Party for the extensions of credit hereunder or such Loan Partys execution and delivery of, or performance of its obligations under, or validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents to which it is party, as against or with respect to such Loan Party, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices which have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) consents,
authorizations, filings and notices the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) the filings referred to in Section 4.17. 

(c) Subject to the entry of the Orders and the terms thereof, each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan
Party that is a party thereto. Assuming the due authorization of, and execution and delivery by, the parties thereto (other than the applicable Loan Parties) and, subject to the entry of the Orders and the terms thereof, this Agreement constitutes,
and each other Loan Document upon execution and delivery by each Loan Party that is a party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each such Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in
accordance with its terms (provided, that, with respect to the creation and perfection of security interests with respect to the Capital Stock of Foreign Subsidiaries, only to the extent enforceability thereof is governed by the Uniform
Commercial Code or the Bankruptcy Code, as applicable), except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by
general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law) and the implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing. 

47 

4.5 No Legal Bar. Assuming the consents, authorizations, filings and notices referred
to in Section 4.4(b) are obtained or made and in full force and effect, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by the Loan Parties thereto, the borrowings hereunder and the
use of the proceeds thereof will not (a) violate the organizational or governing documents of (i) the Borrower, or (ii) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, any other Loan Party, (b) other
than violations arising as a result of the commencement of the Cases and except as otherwise excused by the Bankruptcy Court, violate any Requirement of Law binding on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) other than violations arising as a result of the commencement of the Cases and except as otherwise excused by the Bankruptcy Court, violate any material Contractual Obligation (other than the Prepetition
Indebtedness) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (d) except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any
Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Loan Documents or Liens created under the Orders). 

4.6 No Material Litigation. Except for the Cases and as set forth on Schedule 4.6, no litigation, investigation or proceeding of
or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their Properties which, taken as a whole, would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.7 No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

4.8 Ownership of Property; Leasehold Interests; Liens. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title in fee simple to, or a
valid leasehold interest in, all of its Real Property, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of its other Property (other than Intellectual Property), in each case, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such Real Property or other Property is subject to any Lien, except as permitted by the Loan Documents. Schedule 4.8 lists all Real Property owned in fee simple by any Loan Party as of
the Closing Date. 

4.9 Intellectual Property. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or has a valid license or right to
use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted free and clear of all Liens, except as permitted by Section 7.3 and except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property rights of any Person in a manner that would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and its
Subsidiaries take all reasonable actions that should be taken to protect their Intellectual Property, including Intellectual Property that is confidential in nature, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

4.10 Taxes. Subject to Debtor Relief Laws, the terms of the applicable Orders and any required approval
by the Bankruptcy Court, each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (a) has filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, and other Tax returns that are required to be filed and (b) has paid or

48 

caused to be paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or on any of its Property by any Governmental Authority (other
than (i) any returns or amounts that are not yet due or (ii) amounts the validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which any reserves required in conformity with GAAP have
been provided on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be), except in each case where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.11 Federal Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used for any
purpose that violates the provisions of the regulations of the Board. 

4.12 ERISA.

(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) neither a
Reportable Event nor a failure to meet the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA has occurred during the five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made with respect to any
Single Employer Plan, and each Single Employer Plan has complied with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code; (ii) no termination of a Single Employer Plan has occurred, and no Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan has arisen on the
assets of any Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity, during such five-year period; the present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan (based on those assumptions used to fund such Plans) did not, as of the last
annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Single Employer Plan allocable to such accrued benefits; (iii) no Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled
Entity has had a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a liability under ERISA; (iv) no Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity would become subject
to any liability under ERISA if such Loan Party or such Commonly Controlled Entity were to withdraw completely from all Multiemployer Plans as of the valuation date most closely preceding the date on which this representation is made; (v) no
Multiemployer Plan is Insolvent or is in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA); and (vi) no Foreign Plan Event has occurred during the five-year period prior to the date
on which this representation is made with respect to any Foreign Plan, and each Foreign Plan has complied with the provisions of any applicable law. 

(b) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not incurred, and do not reasonably expect to incur, any liability under ERISA or the Code with
respect to any Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA that is maintained or contributed to by a Commonly Controlled Entity (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) merely by
virtue of being treated as a single employer under Title IV of ERISA with the sponsor of such plan that would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.13 Investment Company Act. No Loan Party is an investment company, or a company controlled by an
investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

4.14 Subsidiaries.
Schedule 4.14 sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the Closing Date, together with the name and jurisdiction of incorporation of each such Subsidiary, the breakdown of ownership of each class of Capital Stock of
such Subsidiary and whether any such Subsidiary is an Excluded Subsidiary. 

49 

4.15 Environmental Matters. Other than exceptions to any of the following that would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of any Executive Officer, (A) none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or
comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law for the operation of the Business; or (ii) has become subject to any pending or threatened Environmental Liability and (B) to the Borrowers
knowledge, there are no existing facts or circumstances (including any presence or Release of Materials of Environmental Concern at any Real Property or any real property formerly owned or operated by Borrower or its Subsidiaries) that are
reasonably likely to give rise to any Environmental Liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

4.16 Accuracy of
Information, etc. As of the Closing Date, no statement or written information (excluding the projections and proforma financial information referred to below) contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise
furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or any of them (in their capacities as such), by or on behalf of any Loan Party for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, when taken
as a whole, contained as of the date such statement, information or certificate was so furnished, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. As of the Closing Date, the projections and proforma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith
estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, it being recognized by the Agents and the Lenders that such financial information as it
relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. 

4.17 Security Documents. 

(a) Upon entry of the Interim Order (and, if entered, the Final Order), the Liens granted thereunder by the Debtors to the Collateral Agent on
any Collateral shall be valid and automatically perfected with the priority set forth herein and in the Orders, and no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect or protect such Liens and security interests with respect to the Debtors
Obligations under the Loan Documents and such Order. 

(b) Subject to, and upon entry of the Orders, the Orders shall be effective to
create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid, enforceable and perfected Lien on the Real Property located in the United States in which the Borrower or any other Debtor that is a Domestic Subsidiary
has an interest and proceeds thereof, in each case subject only to Liens permitted by Section 7.3.

4.18
[Reserved]. 

4.19 Anti-Terrorism. As of the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
the USA Patriot Act, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.20 Use of Proceeds.
The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans solely in compliance with Section 6.9 of this Agreement and the Orders. 

4.21 Labor Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21 or, in the aggregate, as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other 

50 

labor disputes against the Borrower or its Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened; (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on account of employee health
and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable. 

4.22
[Reserved].

4.23 Sanctions Compliance. No Loan Party, to the knowledge of any Executive Officer, (i) is currently
the target of any Sanctions or (ii) is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower and each its Subsidiaries (and all Persons acting on behalf of the Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries) is in material compliance with applicable Sanctions. No Loan, nor the proceeds from any Loan, has been or will be used by any Loan Party, directly or indirectly, to lend, contribute, provide or has been or will be otherwise made
available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction or to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the target of any Sanctions, or in any other manner
that will, in each case, result in any violation by any party hereto (including any Lender or the Administrative Agent) of Sanctions. 

4.24 Anti-Corruption Compliance. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (and all Persons
acting on behalf of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries) is in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. No part of the proceeds of the Loans has been or will be used by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, for any
payments to any Person, governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any
improper advantage, in violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Law.

4.25
Cases; Orders. 

(a) The Cases were commenced on the Petition Date, duly authorized in accordance with applicable laws, and proper
notice thereof has been or will be given, as will proper notice of (i) the motion seeking approval of the Loan Documents, the Interim Order and the Final Order, and (ii) the hearing for the entry of the Final Order. Proper notices of the
motion for entry of the Interim Order and the hearings thereon have been given. 

(b) The Loan Parties are in compliance in all material
respects with the terms and conditions of the Orders. Each of the Interim Order (with respect to the period prior to the entry of the Final Order) and the Final Order (from and after the date on which the Final Order is entered) is in full force and
effect and has not been vacated or reversed, is not subject to a stay and has not been modified or amended other than as consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and (solely with
respect to the treatment of the Agents) the Administrative Agent. 

(c) From and after the entry of the Interim Order, pursuant to and to
the extent permitted in the Interim Order, the Obligations (i) will constitute allowed joint and several Superpriority Claims and (ii) will be secured by a valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, fully perfected Lien on all of the
Collateral pursuant to Sections 364(c)(2), and (c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, subject only to the Carve-Out.

51 

(d) The entry of the Interim Order (and, when applicable, the Final Order) is effective to
create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Superpriority Claims and Liens, as applicable, described in Section 2.25 and the Orders, without the necessity of the execution (or
recordation or filing) of mortgages, security agreements, pledge agreements, financing statements or other agreements or documents. 

SECTION V. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

5.1 Conditions to Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date. The agreement of each Lender to
make the Initial Draw T-1 Loans requested to be made by it is subject to the satisfaction, prior to or concurrently with the making of such Initial Draw T-1 Loans on or
after the Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date, of the following conditions precedent: 

(a)
Credit Agreement; Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Borrower, and (ii) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, executed and delivered
by the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto. 

(b) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and
warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality or a Material Adverse
Effect) on the Closing Date. 

(c) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice from the
Borrower with respect to the Initial Draw T-1 Loans in accordance with Section 2.2. 

(d) Fees. (i) The Borrower shall have paid all fees and premiums due and payable under the DIP Facility including all fees payable
to the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender with respect to the DIP Facility and separately agreed in writing with the Borrower and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and premiums due and payable on or
prior to the Closing Date in respect of the DIP Facility and, to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such later date as the Borrower may reasonably agree), shall have been reimbursed for all reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of each of (x) McDermott Will & Emery LLP, counsel for the
Administrative Agent and (y) the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors, required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided, in each case, that such fees may be net funded from the proceeds of the Initial
Draw T-1 Loans. 

(e) [Reserved]. 

(f) No Default. No Default or Event of Default exists or has occurred and is continuing on the Closing Date or, after giving effect to
this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, including the Borrowings, would result from the consummation of such Transactions. 

(g) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in clauses (b) and (o) of this Section 5.1. 

52 

(h) Secretary Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates
dated as of the Closing Date and executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders attaching thereto (i) a copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or
similar organizational document), including all amendments thereto, of each Loan Party, certified, if applicable, as of a recent date by the secretary of state of the state of its organization, and a certificate as to the good standing (or local
equivalent) of each Loan Party (to the extent available in the relevant jurisdiction) as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State or similar Governmental Authority, (ii) a certificate of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or another
Responsible Officer of each Loan Party dated the Closing Date and certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the by-laws or operating (or limited liability company) agreement (or
similar governing document) of such Loan Party as in effect on the Closing Date and at all times since a date prior to the date of the resolutions described in clause (B) below, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of
resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party, the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and, in the case of the
Borrower, the Borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (C) that the certificate or articles of incorporation or formation of such Loan Party have not been
amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the documents furnished pursuant to clause (i) above, and (D) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing any Loan Document or any other document
delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party, and (iii) a certificate of another officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or another Responsible Officer executing the certificate
pursuant to clause (ii) above 

(i) USA Patriot Act. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received from the
Borrower and each of the Loan Parties, at least 2 Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and any Lender no less than 5 calendar days prior to the Closing Date
that the Administrative Agent and any such Lender reasonably determines is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act. 

(j) Filings. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.10, there shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in proper form for
filing each Uniform Commercial Code financing statement as required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in order to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described
therein. 

(k) Pledged Stock; Stock Powers. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.10, the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms
of the Security Documents shall have received the certificates, if any, representing the shares of Pledged Stock held by the Loan Parties pledged pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and the other Security Documents, together with an
undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof. 

(l) Lien
Searches. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received appropriate UCC search results or other relevant search certificates reflecting no Liens (other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.3)
encumbering the Collateral in each of the jurisdictions or offices in which UCC financing statements should be made to evidence perfected security interests in all Collateral. 

(m) Petition Date. The Petition Date shall have occurred, and the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor as of the Closing Date shall
be a debtor and a debtor-in-possession in the Cases. 

(n)
No Trustee. No trustee under chapter 7 or chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or examiner with enlarged powers beyond those set forth in Section 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code shall have been appointed in any of the Cases.

53 

(o) Material Adverse Effect. Since the Petition Date, there shall not have been a
Material Adverse Effect. 

(p) Cases. The Cases of any of the Debtors shall have not been dismissed or converted to cases under
chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(q) Budget. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a copy of the Initial
Budget. 

(r) First Day Orders. (i) The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received advanced drafts of the First
Day Orders (including, without limitation, any order approving significant or outside the ordinary course of business transactions entered on (or prior to) the Closing Date and a Cash Management Order) and a list of critical vendors, in each case,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) the Administrative Agent and consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders and
(ii) all First Day Orders intended to be entered by the Bankruptcy Court at or immediately following the Debtors first day hearing shall have been entered by the Bankruptcy Court in a form and substance consistent with the
Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders (it being understood that the forms of such draft material First Day Orders related to pleadings and motions approved by the Required Lenders prior to the
Closing Date are deemed reasonably acceptable) and (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) the Administrative Agent, shall be in full force and effect, shall not have been vacated or reversed, shall not be subject to a stay and shall
not have been modified or amended other than as consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) the Administrative Agent;
provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any right of approval or consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.1(r) shall be solely limited to the treatment of the Agents
under the First Day Orders. 

(s) Interim Order. The Interim Order Entry Date shall have occurred and the Interim Order shall be in
full force and effect and shall not have been vacated or reversed, shall not be subject to any stay, and shall not have been modified or amended in any respect without the reasonable consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, and
the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the Interim Order; provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any right of approval or consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 5.1(s) shall be solely limited to the treatment of the Agents under the Interim Order. 

(t)
[Reserved].

(u) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated as of
the Closing Date, certifying that there shall not occur, after giving effect to the initial credit extension under the DIP Facility, a default (or any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would be a default) under the debt
instruments and other material agreements of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v) To the extent such items can be delivered on or prior to the Closing Date after the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, subject
to the paragraph immediately following subsection (ii) below, the Administrative Agent shall have received the following: 

(i) Agreements for filing with the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office providing
notice of the security interest granted in favor of 

54 

the Collateral Agent in the Intellectual Property registered or applied for in the United States listed on the applicable schedules to the Security Documents, duly executed by the Borrower and
each other Loan Party, as applicable. 

(ii) Evidence of all insurance required to be maintained, and evidence that the
Administrative Agent shall have been named as an additional insured and loss payee, as applicable, on all insurance policies covering loss or damage to Collateral and on all liability insurance policies as to which the Administrative Agent (at the
direction of the Required Lenders) has reasonably requested to be so named; provided that the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) may rely on the Orders for purposes of being named as an additional insured and loss payee,
as applicable, on any or all of such insurance policies and liability insurance policies. 

To the extent that any of the items described
in this Section 5.1(v) shall not have been received by the Administrative Agent notwithstanding the Borrowers use of its commercially reasonable efforts to provide same, delivery of such items shall not constitute a
condition to effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligations of each Lender to make Loans hereunder, and the Borrower shall, instead, cause such items to be delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 45 days following the Closing Date
(or such later date as the Required Lenders shall agree in their discretion). 

5.2 Conditions to Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date. The agreement of each Lender to make the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans requested to be made by it is subject to the satisfaction, prior to or concurrently
with the making of such Delayed Draw T-2 Loans on or after the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date, of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Closing Date. The Initial Draw T-1 Availability Date shall have occurred and the Initial
Draw T-1 Loans shall have been made. 

(b) Final Order. The Final Order Entry Date shall
have occurred and the Final Order shall be in full force and effect and shall not have been vacated or reversed, shall not be subject to any stay, and shall not have been modified or amended in any respect without the consent of the Administrative
Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders, and the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the Final Order; provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any
right of approval or consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.2(b) shall be solely limited to the treatment of the Agents under the Final Order. 

(c) Second Day Orders. (x) All material second day orders and all related pleadings intended to be entered on or prior
to the date of entry of the Final Order and any order establishing material procedures for the administration of the Cases, shall have been entered by the Bankruptcy Court, and (y) all pleadings related to procedures for approval of significant
transactions, including, without limitation, asset sale procedures, regardless of when filed or entered, shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and
consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, or this condition is waived by the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders.
The Administrative Agent and Required Lenders acknowledge that the form of such orders substantially in the forms filed on the Petition Date are reasonably acceptable; provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any right
of approval or consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.2(c) shall be solely limited to the treatment of the Agents under the second day orders and pleadings described herein. 

55 

(d) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a
certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date certifying that the conditions set forth in clauses (f) and (i) of this
Section 5.2 have been satisfied. 

(e) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a
notice of borrowing from the Borrower with respect to the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans in accordance with Section 2.2. 

(f) Representations and Warranties. On the Delayed Draw T-2 Availability Date, each of the
representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to any of the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality or a
Material Adverse Effect) except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date or period, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (and in
all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality or a Material Adverse Effect) as of such earlier date or respective period. 

(g) Cases. The Cases of any of the Debtors shall have not been dismissed or converted to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code.

(h) Trustee. No Trustee under chapter 7 or chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or examiner with enlarged powers beyond those set
forth in Section 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code shall have been appointed in any of the Cases. 

(i) No Default or
Event of Default. At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing of Delayed Draw T-2 Loans, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(j) Reports. The Administrative Agent shall have received (x) each Approved Budget required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 6.1(d) and (y) each Budget Variance Report required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(e). 

SECTION VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

The Borrower (on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries) hereby agrees that, from and after the Closing Date, so long as the
Commitments remain in effect or any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or any Agent hereunder (other than contingent or indemnification obligations not then due), the Borrower shall, and shall cause (except in the case of the covenants set
forth in Section 6.1, Section 6.2 and Section 6.7) each of its Subsidiaries to: 

6.1 Financial Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender (which may be delivered via posting
on the Platform): 

(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024, a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, setting forth, commencing with the financial
statements with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial
condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the lack of complete footnotes); 

56 

(b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such
quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth, in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as fairly
presenting in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the lack of complete
footnotes). 

(c) within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of each year, commencing with the fiscal month ending February 28,
2025, the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such fiscal
month, setting forth, in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous year, and, with respect to the financial statements being delivered at the end of such fiscal month that is also the end of any
fiscal quarter, such financial statements may also include, in satisfaction of the requirements set forth in clause (b) above, the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth, in comparative form the figures as of
the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP
(subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the lack of complete footnotes); 

(d) (i)
on or prior to the Closing Date, the Initial Budget and (ii) not later than 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) every fourth week commencing on Friday, April 11, 2025) or, to the extent such Friday is not a Business Day, the next Business Day
thereafter, an update to the Initial Budget to cover the period commencing on the Friday of the prior week and include a rolling 13-week cash flow forecast for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries substantially
in the form of the Initial Budget; provided, that each such updated Budget shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Lenders (the Initial Budget and each such Budget, if so approved, an Approved Budget) (it
being understood that if the Required Lenders or the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors shall not have approved such Budget within 5 Business Days after the delivery thereof (which approval may be provided via email from the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors), such
Budget shall be deemed not to be acceptable to the Required Lenders and the previously delivered Approved Budget shall constitute the Approved Budget, until an updated Budget has been so approved); 

(e) Not later than 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on Friday of every week (commencing with Friday, March 28, 2025) or, to the extent such
Friday is not a Business Day, the next Business Day thereafter (such date, a Budget Variance Test Date), a Budget Variance Report for the most recently expired Test Period (or, if earlier, the period ending on the most recent
Saturday prior thereto), which such report shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being prepared in good faith and fairly presenting in all material respects the information set forth therein; 

(f) [Reserved]; and 

(g) Every
30 days after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall provide to the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors a matrix/schedule of payments made pursuant to the First Day Orders or second day orders (other than the Wages Orders), including the following information:
(i) the names of the payee; (ii) the date and amount of the payment; (iii) the category or type of payment, as further described and classified in the first day motions; and (iv) the Debtor or Debtors that made the payment. 

57 

All such financial statements and deliverables shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with
GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods (except as disclosed therein and except in the case of the financial statements referred to in clause (b), for customary
year-end adjustments and the absence of complete footnotes). Any financial statements or other deliverables required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 6.1 and any financial
statements or reports required to be delivered pursuant to clause (d) of Section 6.2 shall be deemed to have been furnished to the Administrative Agent on the date that (i) such financial statements or
deliverable (as applicable) are posted on the SECs website at www.sec.gov or the website for the Borrower and (ii) the Administrative Agent has been provided written notice of such posting. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 6.1 may also be delivered by posting such documents
electronically and if so posted, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on the Platform. 

The deadline for providing any reporting or other documentation pursuant to this Section 6.1 may be extended in writing by the Required
Lenders (which approval may be provided via email from the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors). 

6.2 Certificates; Other Information.
Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender or, in the case of clause (e), to the relevant Lender (in each case, which may be delivered via posting on the Platform): 

(a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1, commencing with delivery of
financial statements for the first period ending after the Closing Date, (i) a Compliance Certificate of a Responsible Officer on behalf of the Borrower stating that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of
Default that has occurred and is continuing except as specified in such certificate and (ii) to the extent not previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, (x) a description of any Default or Event of Default that occurred, (y) a
description of any new Subsidiary and of any change in the name or jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party since the date of the most recent list delivered pursuant to this clause (or, in the case of the first such list so delivered, since
the Closing Date) to the extent not previously disclosed pursuant to Section 6.8 and (z) solely in the case of financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a), a listing of any
registrations of or applications for United States Intellectual Property by any Loan Party filed since the last such report, together with a listing of any intent-to-use
applications for trademarks or service marks for which a statement of use or an amendment to allege use has been filed since the last such report; 

(b) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all financial statements and material reports that the Borrower sends to the
holders of any class of its publicly traded debt securities or public equity securities, in each case to the extent not already provided pursuant to Section 6.1 or any other clause of this
Section 6.2; 

(c) promptly, such additional financial and other information regarding the operations, business
affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent (for its own account or upon the request from any Lender) may from time to time reasonably request to the extent such additional financial or other
information is reasonably available to, or can be reasonably obtained by, the Borrower; and 

(d) within a reasonable period following the
delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1, dial-in details in respect of a conference call with Lenders (which may be satisfied by a call with holders of the
Borrowers publicly listed debt or equity securities attended by any Lender) and during which representatives from the Borrower will be available to discuss the details of the relevant financial statements and otherwise address additional
matters in a manner consistent with the Borrowers past practice. 

58 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.2, (a)
none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or
non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited or restricted by
Requirements of Law or any binding agreement or obligation, (iii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) constitutes classified information and (b) unless such material is
identified in writing by the Borrower as Public information, the Administrative Agent shall deliver such information only to private-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that have affirmatively requested to receive information other
than Public Information). 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 6.2 may be delivered by posting such
documents electronically and if so posted, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website or (ii) on which such documents are
posted on the Borrowers behalf on the Platform. 

6.3 Payment of Taxes. Subject to Debtor Relief Laws, the terms of the
applicable Order and any required approval by the Bankruptcy Court, pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all its Taxes, governmental assessments and governmental charges
(other than Indebtedness) (in the case of any such Person that is a Debtor, solely to the extend arising after the Petition Date), except (a) where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and reserves required in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or (b) to the extent that failure to pay or satisfy such obligations would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence, etc.;
Compliance. (a) Preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate or other existence and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each
case, to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) comply with all Requirements of Law (including ERISA, Environmental Laws, and the USA Patriot Act) except to the extent that
failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, that with respect to Environmental Laws, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be required to undertake any remedial action
required by Environmental Laws to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 

6.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance. 

(a) Keep all Property useful and necessary in its business in reasonably good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted,
except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Take all commercially
reasonable steps, including in any proceeding before the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, to maintain and pursue each application (and to obtain the relevant registration) and to maintain each
registration of the material United States Intellectual Property owned by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, including filing of applications for renewal, affidavits of use and affidavits of incontestability. 

59 

(c) Maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies on all its
Property that is necessary in, and material to, the conduct of business by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by
companies engaged in the same or a similar business, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all such material insurance policies shall, to the extent customary (but in any event, not including business interruption insurance and
personal injury insurance) name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured and loss payee/mortgagee. 

(d) Permit representatives of the
Administrative Agent, the Ad Hoc Committee and/or the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors (in each case at the direction of Required Lenders) to have reasonable discussions regarding the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with its independent certified public accountants to the extent permitted by the internal policies of such independent certified public accountants upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times during normal
business hours (provided, that (i) a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be afforded the opportunity to be present during such discussions and (ii) such discussions shall be limited to no more than once per calendar year
except during the continuance of an Event of Default). 

6.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. 

(a) Keep proper books of records and accounts in a manner to allow financial statements to be prepared in conformity with GAAP (or, with
respect to Subsidiaries organized outside of the United States, the local accounting standards applicable to the relevant jurisdiction; provided, that, to the extent that any such Subsidiary is permitted to prepare financial statements in
accordance with different local accounting standards, such Subsidiary shall continue to apply the local accounting standard applied as of the Closing Date (as such standard may be updated or revised from time to time and, for the avoidance of doubt,
with any discretions, judgments and elections afforded by such local accounting standard, including any changes in the application of such discretions, judgments and elections as such Subsidiary shall determine) except to the extent of changes
between local accounting standards required by applicable law or regulation). 

(b) Permit representatives designated by the Administrative
Agent, the Ad Hoc Committee and/or the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors (in each case at the direction of Required Lenders) to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records upon reasonable notice
and at such reasonable times during normal business hours (provided, that (i) such visits shall be limited to no more than one such visit per calendar year at each facility, and (ii) such visits by the Administrative Agent or its
designee shall be at the Lenders expense, except in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) during the continuance of an Event of Default). 

(c) Permit representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, the Ad Hoc Committee and/or the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors (in each case at
the direction of Required Lenders) to have reasonable discussions regarding the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with officers of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries upon
reasonable notice and at such reasonable times during normal business hours (provided, that (i) a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be afforded the opportunity to be present during such discussions, (ii) such discussions
shall be coordinated by the Administrative Agent, and (iii) such discussions shall be limited to no more than once per calendar year except during the continuance of an Event of Default). 

60 

(d) Permit representatives of the Administrative Agent, the Ad Hoc Committee and/or the Ad
Hoc Committee Advisors (in each case at the direction of Required Lenders) to have reasonable discussions regarding the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with its independent
certified public accountants to the extent permitted by the internal policies of such independent certified public accountants upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times during normal business hours (provided, that (i) a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be afforded the opportunity to be present during such discussions and (ii) such discussions shall be limited to no more than once per calendar year except during the continuance of an Event of Default).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.6, none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discuss, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or
non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited or restricted by
Requirements of Law or any binding agreement or obligation, (iii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) constitutes classified information. 

6.7 Notices. Promptly upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof, give notice to the Administrative Agent
of: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) any litigation, investigation or proceeding which may exist at any time between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any other
Person, that in either case, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) the occurrence of any Reportable Event
or Foreign Benefit Event, where there is any reasonable likelihood of the imposition of liability on any Loan Party as a result thereof that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(d) any other development or event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth
in reasonable detail the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary proposes to take with respect thereto. 

6.8 Additional Collateral, etc.

(a) With respect to any Property (other than Excluded Collateral) located in the United States having a value, individually or in the
aggregate, of at least $1,000,000 acquired after the Closing Date by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (other than (i) any interests in Real Property and any Property described in paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of
this Section 6.8, (ii) any Property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g) or 7.3(v), and (iii) Instruments, Certificated Securities, Securities and Chattel Paper, which are
referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph (a)) as to which the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties does not have a perfected Lien, promptly (A) give notice of such Property to the Collateral Agent and execute
and deliver to the Collateral Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or such other documents as the Collateral Agent reasonably requests to grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a security
interest in such Property and (B) take all actions reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest (to the extent required by the Loan
Documents and with the priority required by Section 4.17) in such Property (with 

61 

respect to Property of a type owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor as of the Closing Date to the extent the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, has a perfected
security interest in such Property as of the Closing Date), including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or other Security Documents or by law
or as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent. If any amount in excess of $1,000,000 payable under or in connection with any of the Collateral shall be or become evidenced by any Instrument, Certificated Security, Security or Chattel
Paper (or, if more than $1,000,000 in the aggregate payable under or in connection with the Collateral shall become evidenced by Instruments, Certificated Securities, Securities or Chattel Paper), such Instrument, Certificated Security, Security or
Chattel Paper shall be promptly delivered to the Collateral Agent in accordance with the Security Documents indorsed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Subject to
clause (f) below, with respect to any new Subsidiary that is a Non-Excluded Subsidiary created or acquired after the Closing Date (which, for the purposes of this paragraph, shall include any Subsidiary
that was previously an Excluded Subsidiary that becomes a Non-Excluded Subsidiary) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, promptly, and in any event within 5 calendar days: 

(i) give notice of such acquisition or creation to the Collateral Agent, execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent such
amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or such other documents as are required to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest (to the extent required by the Security Documents
and with the priority required by Section 4.17) in the Capital Stock of such new Subsidiary that is owned by the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor (as applicable); 

(ii) deliver to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents, the certificates, if any, representing
such Capital Stock (other than Excluded Collateral), together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor (as applicable); and 

(iii) cause such new Subsidiary (A) to become a party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and (B) to take such
actions reasonably necessary to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest (to the extent required by the Security Documents and with the priority required by
Section 4.17) in the Collateral described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement with respect to such new Subsidiary (to the extent the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, has or should have a
perfected security interest in the same type of Collateral as of the Closing Date), including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or by law or
as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent. 

(d) With respect to any new first-tier Foreign Subsidiary created or acquired
after the Closing Date by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, promptly (i) give notice of such acquisition or creation to the Collateral Agent and execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement as are required to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest (to the extent required by the Security Documents and with the priority required by
Section 4.17) in the Capital Stock of such new Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Collateral) that is owned by the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor (as applicable) and (ii) deliver to the Collateral Agent
pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents the certificates, if any, representing such Capital Stock (other than any Excluded Collateral), together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the
Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor (as applicable). 

62 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.8 or any Security
Document to the contrary, no Liens shall be required to be pledged or created with respect to any of the following (collectively, the Excluded Collateral): 

(i) any intent-to-use application
for registration of a trademark or service mark filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 1051, prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act or an
Amendment to Allege Use pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Lanham Act with respect thereto, solely to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the
validity or enforceability of any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law; 

(ii) any property or asset to the extent that such grant of a security interest is prohibited or effectively restricted by any
applicable law (only so long as such prohibition exists and subject to any limitation on such prohibitions under the Bankruptcy Code) or requires a consent not obtained of any Governmental Authority pursuant to such applicable laws (only so long as
such consent requirement exists); 

(iii) any Excluded Equity Securities; 

(iv) the property and assets of the Excluded Subsidiaries; 

(v) (w) any assets owned on or acquired after the Closing Date, to the extent that, and only for so long as, taking such
actions would violate applicable law or regulation (after giving effect to Section 9-406(d),9-407(a),9-408 or 9-409 of the Uniform Commercial Code and other applicable law), (x) any assets acquired before or after the Closing Date, to the extent that and for so long as such grant would violate an enforceable contractual
obligation binding on such assets that existed at the time of the acquisition thereof and was not created or made binding on such assets in contemplation or in connection with the acquisition of such assets, (y) any assets (1) owned on the
Petition Date or (2) acquired after the Petition Date, in each case in this clause (y), securing Indebtedness of the type permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(c) (or other Indebtedness permitted under
Section 7.2(d) or 7.2(g) if such Indebtedness is of the type that is contemplated by Section 7.2(c)) that is secured by a Lien permitted by Section 7.3 so long as the
documents governing such Lien do not permit the pledge of such assets to the Collateral Agent, or (z) any lease, license or other agreement, any asset embodying rights, priorities or privileges granted under such leases, licenses or agreements,
or any property subject to a purchase money security interest or similar arrangement to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate, breach or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or
create a right of acceleration, modification, termination or cancellation in favor of any other party thereto (other than any Loan Party) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or applicable
law, other than proceeds and receivables thereof, and only for so long such prohibition exists and to the extent such prohibition was not creation in contemplation of such grant; and 

(vi) (x) any assets to the extent a security interest in such assets would reasonably be expected to result in material
adverse tax consequences (including as a result of Section 956 of the Code or any related provision) to the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as agreed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, or (y) any assets
as to which the Required Lenders and the Borrower shall reasonably determine that the costs and burdens of obtaining a security interest therein outweigh the value of the security afforded thereby. 

63 

(f) From time to time the Loan Parties shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed
and delivered, such additional instruments, certificates or documents, and take all such actions, as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request for the purposes implementing or effectuating the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, or of continuing the rights of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral as to which the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, has or should have a perfected Lien pursuant hereto or thereto, including filing
any financing or continuation statements or financing statement amendments under the Uniform Commercial Code (or other similar laws) in effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the security interests created thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the provisions of this Section 6.8 shall not apply to assets as to which the Required Lenders and the Borrower shall reasonably determine that the costs and burdens of obtaining a security interest therein or perfection
thereof outweigh the value of the security afforded thereby. The Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) may grant extensions of time or waivers of requirement for the creation or perfection of security interests in or the
obtaining of insurance (including title insurance) or surveys with respect to particular assets (including extensions beyond the Closing Date for the perfection of security interests in the assets of the Loan Parties on such date) where the Required
Lenders reasonably determine, in consultation with the Borrower, that perfection or obtaining of such items cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents. 

6.9 Use of Proceeds. Subject to additional restrictions on use of proceeds provided in the Orders, the
proceeds of the Initial Draw T-1 Loans and the Delayed Draw T-2 Loans shall be used, in accordance with the Approved Budget (subject to the Permitted Variance set forth
in Section 7.17), (i) to pay the fees, costs and expenses related to the Cases, and (ii) for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower. 

6.10 Post-Closing. Satisfy the requirements set forth on Schedule 6.10, on or before the date set forth opposite such
requirements or such later date as consented to by the Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion, which consent may be provided via electronic mail from the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors. 

6.11 [Reserved]. 

6.12
Line of Business. Continue to operate solely as a Permitted Business. 

6.13 [Reserved]. 

6.14 Changes in Jurisdictions of Organization; Name. Provide prompt written notice to the Collateral Agent of any change of name or
change of jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party, and deliver to the Collateral Agent all additional executed financing statements, financing statement amendments and other documents required or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent
to maintain the validity, perfection and priority of the security interests to the extent provided for in the Security Documents. 

6.15
[Reserved]. 

6.16 [Reserved]. 

64 

6.17 Certain Case Milestones. Each Loan Party shall ensure that each of the
milestones set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement is achieved in accordance with the applicable timing referred to therein (as may be waived or extended in accordance with the Restructuring Support Agreement). 

6.18 Certain Bankruptcy Matters. The Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries shall comply (i) after entry thereof, with all of the
requirements and obligations set forth in the Orders and the Cash Management Order, as each such order is amended and in effect from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) after entry thereof, with each order of the type referred
to in clause (b) of the definition of Approved Bankruptcy Court Order, as each such order is amended and in effect in accordance with this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the requirements set forth in clause
(b) of the definition of Approved Bankruptcy Court Order) and (iii) after entry thereof, with the orders (to the extent not covered by subclause (i) or (ii) above) approving the Debtors first day
and second day relief and any pleadings seeking to establish material procedures for administration of the Cases or approving significant or material outside the ordinary course of business transactions in the Cases, as each such order
is amended and in effect in accordance with this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the requirements set forth in clause (c) of the definition of Approved Bankruptcy Court Order); provided, that any
actions taken to enforce any rights or remedies arising from a breach of this Section 6.18 shall be subject to any requirements in the Orders requiring a ruling or entry of an order of the Bankruptcy Court. 

6.19 Bankruptcy Notices. 

(a) The Borrower will furnish to the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors and counsel to the Administrative Agent prior to filing with the Bankruptcy
Court, as soon as reasonably practicable, the Final Order and all other proposed orders and pleadings related to the Loans and the Loan Documents, any other financing or use of cash collateral, any sale or other disposition of Collateral outside the
ordinary course, having a value in excess of $500,000, cash management, adequate protection, any Chapter 11 Plan and/or any disclosure statement or supplemental document related thereto. 

(b) The Borrower will furnish to the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors as soon as reasonably practicable but no later than two calendar days (or such
shorter period as Ad Hoc Committee Advisors may agree) prior to filing with the Bankruptcy Court all other filings, motions, pleadings, other papers or material notices to be filed with the Bankruptcy Court relating to any request (x) to
approve any compromise and settlement of claims whether under Rule 9019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure or otherwise, or (y) for relief under Section 363, 365, 1113 or 1114 of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case other than
notices, filings, motions, pleadings or other information concerning less than $1,000,000 in value; provided that this shall not apply to any retention applications, procedures with respect to ordinary course professionals or professional
compensation, or applications for professional compensation; provided, further that the right of the DIP Secured Parties to object to the pleadings set forth in the foregoing proviso shall not be affected by such limitation. 

SECTION VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

The Borrower hereby agrees that, from and after the Closing Date, so long as the Commitments remain in effect or any Loan or other amount is
owing to any Lender or any Agent hereunder (other than contingent or indemnification obligations not then due), the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to: 

7.1 [Reserved]. 

65 

7.2 Indebtedness. Create, issue, incur, assume, or permit to exist any Indebtedness,
except: 

(a) Indebtedness of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement and any other Loan
Document; 

(b) unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries owing to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, provided, that any such Indebtedness owing by a non-Loan Party to a Loan Party is permitted by Section 7.7 (other than by reference to
Section 7.2 or any clause thereof); 

(c) Capital Lease Obligations, and Indebtedness of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incurred to finance or reimburse the cost of the acquisition, development, construction, purchase, lease, repair, addition or improvement of any property (real or personal), equipment or other assets used or
useful in a Permitted Business, whether such property, equipment or assets were originally acquired directly or as a result of the purchase of any Capital Stock of any Person owning such property, equipment or assets, in an aggregate outstanding
principal amount not to exceed $1,000,000; provided, that any Capital Lease Obligations existing on the Petition Date shall be listed on Schedule 7.2(d); 

(d) Indebtedness outstanding or incurred pursuant to (i) the Prepetition Notes and (ii) the other facilities
outstanding on the Petition Date up to the aggregate principal amounts listed on Schedule 7.2(d); 

(e) Guarantee Obligations (i) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
Guarantor not prohibited by this Agreement to be incurred; provided that any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor providing such Guarantee Obligations with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower in reliance on this clause
(e) shall also provide a Guarantee with respect to the Obligations on a pari passu basis, (ii) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor of obligations of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary or joint
venture or other Person that is not a Subsidiary to the extent permitted by Section 7.7 (other than by reference to Section 7.2 or any clause thereof), (iii) by any
Non-Guarantor Subsidiary of obligations of any other Non-Guarantor Subsidiary; and (iv) by any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary of
the obligations of any other Person that is not a Subsidiary to the extent permitted by Section 7.7 (other than by reference to Section 7.2 or any clause thereof); 

(f) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution
of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently drawn by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business against insufficient funds, so long as such Indebtedness is promptly repaid; 

(g) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Loan Party in an aggregate principal amount (for the Borrower and all such Loan
Parties) not to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding); 

(h) Indebtedness of
Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries under local bilateral credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1,000,000 at
any time outstanding; 

(i) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of workers compensation
claims, bank guarantees, warehouse receipts or similar facilities, property casualty 

66 

or liability insurance, take-or-pay obligations in supply arrangements, self-insurance obligations, performance,
bid, customs, government, VAT, duty, tariff, appeal and surety bonds, completion guarantees, and other obligations of a similar nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries arising from agreements providing for indemnification
related to sales, leases or other Dispositions of goods or adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations in any case incurred in connection with the acquisition or Disposition of any business, assets or Subsidiary, in each case in the ordinary
course of business; 

(k) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of
credit issued in the ordinary course of business or otherwise consistent with industry practice; 

(l) Indebtedness
(i) owing to any insurance company in connection with the financing of any insurance premiums permitted by such insurance company in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in the form of pension and retirement liabilities not
constituting an Event of Default, to the extent constituting Indebtedness; 

(m) (i) Guarantee Obligations made in the
ordinary course of business; provided, that such Guarantee Obligations are not of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, (ii) Guarantee Obligations in respect of lease obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business, (iii) Guarantee Obligations in respect of Indebtedness of joint ventures, (iv) Guarantee Obligations in respect of Indebtedness permitted by clause (l)(ii) above and (v) Guarantee Obligations by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries of any Subsidiarys purchase obligations under supplier agreements and in respect of obligations of or to customers, distributors, franchisees, lessors, licensees and sublicensees; provided, that all Guarantee
Obligations under this clause (m) are not of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and are incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation or stock-based compensation to employees of Holdings, any Parent Company,
the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(o) Indebtedness (and Guarantee Obligations in
respect thereof) in respect of overdraft facilities, employee credit card programs, netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements and other cash management and similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business; 

(p) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries undertaken in connection with cash management and related
activities with respect to any Subsidiary or joint venture in the ordinary course of business; 

(q) Indebtedness to any
Person (other than an Affiliate of the Borrower) in respect of the undrawn portion of the face amount of or unpaid reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate
amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed $500,000; and 

67 

(r) all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest),
fees, expenses, charges, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, accretion of interest paid in kind and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (q) above. 

7.3 Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except
for: 

(a) Liens for Taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided, that
adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, to the extent required by GAAP; 

(b) landlords, carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in
the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 

(c) (i) pledges, deposits or statutory trusts in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social
security legislation and (ii) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries in respect of such obligations; 

(d) deposits and other Liens to secure the performance of bids, government, trade and
other similar contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, subleases, statutory or regulatory obligations, surety, judgment and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature and liabilities to insurance carriers
incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) (i) Liens and encumbrances shown as exceptions in any title insurance policies
insuring any mortgages, and (ii) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, leases, licenses, covenants, conditions, restrictions and other similar
encumbrances, in each case with respect to Real Property, incurred in the ordinary course of business that, in the aggregate, do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(f) Liens (i) in existence on the Petition Date listed on Schedule 7.3(f) and (ii) securing Indebtedness permitted by
Section 7.2(d)(ii); 

(g) (i) Liens securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
incurred pursuant to Sections 7.2(c), 7.2(e), 7.2(g), 7.2(h), 7.2(l), and 7.2(m); provided, that (A) [reserved], (B) in the case of any such Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
Section 7.2(l), such Liens do not encumber any Property other than cash paid to any such insurance company in respect of such insurance, (C) [reserved], (D) in the case of Liens securing Guarantee Obligations pursuant to
Section 7.2(e), the underlying obligations are secured by a Lien permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) any extension, refinancing, renewal or replacement of the Liens described in clause
(i) of this Section 7.3(g) in whole or in part; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement shall be limited to all or a part of the property which secured (or was permitted to secure) the Lien so
extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property, if any) and (E) in the case of any such Liens securing Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.2(g), such Indebtedness may only be secured by the Collateral
on a junior basis with the Liens securing the Obligations, and no such Liens shall apply to any other Property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not Collateral; 

(h) Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents or any other Lien securing all or a portion of the Obligations; 

68 

(i) Liens arising from judgments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under
Section 8.1(h); 

(j) (i) Liens on Property of Non-Guarantor
Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement to be incurred by such Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, in each case in the ordinary course of business and not exceeding
$1,000,000 and (ii) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in favor of any Loan Party; 

(k) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business to the extent same creates a Lien on the
related inventory and proceeds thereof; 

(l) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure the
payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(m) Liens arising out of consignment or similar arrangements for
the sale by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of goods through third parties in the ordinary course of business or otherwise consistent with past practice; 

(n) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments permitted by Section 7.7(b) that constitute repurchase
obligations; 

(o) Liens upon specific items of inventory, equipment or other goods and proceeds of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
arising in the ordinary course of business securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances and letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such
inventory, equipment or other goods; 

(p) Liens securing Hedge Agreements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding entered into in the ordinary course of business for their respective operating requirements or of hedging interest rate or currency exposure, and not for speculative purposes; 

(q) any interest or title of a lessor under any leases or subleases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course of business and any financing statement filed in connection with any such lease; 

(r) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of
set-off (A) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business, (B) relating to pooled
deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (C) relating to purchase orders
and other agreements entered into with distributors, clients, customers, vendors or suppliers of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (ii) other Liens securing cash management obligations in the ordinary
course of business and (iii) Liens encumbering reasonable and customary initial deposits and margin deposits in respect of, and similar Liens attaching to, commodity trading accounts and other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course
of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(s) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to
bankers liens, rights of set-off or similar rights; 

69 

(t) Liens on Capital Stock existing on the Petition Date in joint ventures and other non-wholly owned entities securing obligations of such joint venture or entity and options, put and call arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights relating to Capital Stock in joint ventures and other
non-wholly owned entities; 

(u) Liens securing obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business in respect of trade-related letters of credit permitted under Section 7.2 and covering the goods (or the documents of title in respect of such goods) financed by such letters of credit and the proceeds and products
thereof; 

(v) other Liens with respect to obligations the principal amount of which do not exceed $1,000,000, at any time outstanding;

(w) non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses, and cross-licenses of Intellectual Property granted by
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, which do not interfere in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary; 

(x) Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statement filings (or other similar filings in
non-U.S. jurisdictions) regarding leases, subleases, licenses or consignments, in each case, entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(y) (i) zoning or similar laws or rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real
property and (ii) Liens in favor of the United States of America for amounts paid by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as progress payments under government contracts entered into by them (provided, that no such Lien described in
this clause (ii) shall encumber any Collateral); 

(z) Liens on cash deposits in respect of Indebtedness permitted under
Section 7.2(q); provided, that the amount of any such deposit does not exceed 103% of the amount of the Indebtedness such cash deposits secures; and 

(aa) Liens on inventory or equipment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary granted in the ordinary course of business to the Borrowers or
such Subsidiarys (as applicable) distributor, vendor, supplier, client or customer at which such inventory or equipment is located. 

7.4 Fundamental Changes. Consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any
liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of any of its Property or business, except that: 

(a) (i) any Subsidiary may be merged,
amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or be liquidated into, the Borrower as long as such merger, amalgamation or consolidation does not adversely affect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations or the priority thereof
(provided, that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person) or (ii) any Subsidiary may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or be liquidated into, any Subsidiary Guarantor (provided, that
(A) such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (B) if any Debtor is a party to such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or liquidation, the surviving Person shall be a Debtor); 

(b) any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary may be merged or consolidated with or into, or be liquidated into,
any other Non-Guarantor Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary; provided, that if any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary that is a Debtor is a party to such merger, consolidation or liquidation, the surviving Person
shall be a Debtor; 

70 

(c) any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets upon voluntary
liquidation (or otherwise) to any Loan Party; provided, that if any Debtor is the transferor, the transferee shall be a Debtor; 

(d) any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary
liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or otherwise) to any other Non-Guarantor Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary and a Debtor 

(e) Dispositions expressly permitted by Section 7.5 (other than Section 7.5(c)) may be
consummated; 

(f) any Investment expressly permitted by Section 7.7) may be structured as a merger,
consolidation or amalgamation; 

(g) any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidation, winding up or dissolution, or Disposition
of Property or business with respect to any Debtor pursuant to any order of the Bankruptcy Court, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required
Lenders; provided that de minimis Dispositions without further order of the Bankruptcy Court shall be permitted so long as the proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with Section 2.12(b); and 

(h) any immaterial Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if (i) the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution
is in the best interest of the Borrower and is not disadvantageous to the Lenders, (ii) to the extent such Subsidiary is a Loan Party, any assets of such Subsidiary shall be transferred to a Loan Party after giving effect to such liquidation or
dissolution and (iii) to the extent such Subsidiary is a Loan Party, any business of such Subsidiary not otherwise discontinued (if the Borrower determines in good faith that such discontinuation is in the best interest of the Borrower and is
not disadvantageous to the Lenders) shall be transferred to, or otherwise conducted by, a Loan Party after giving effect to such liquidation or dissolution. 

7.5 Dispositions of Property. Dispose of any of its owned Property (including receivables) whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or
issue or sell any shares of Capital Stock (other than directors qualifying shares) to any Person, except: 

(a) (i) the
Disposition of surplus, obsolete, damaged or worn out Property (including scrap and byproducts) in the ordinary course of business, Dispositions of Property no longer used or useful or economically practicable to maintain in the conduct of the
business of the Borrower and other Subsidiaries in the ordinary course and Dispositions of Property necessary in order to comply with applicable Requirements of Law or licensure requirements (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (ii) the
sale of defaulted receivables in the ordinary course of business, (iii) abandonment or cancellation in the ordinary course of business of any Intellectual Property not material to the Business and determined by the management of the Borrower to
be no longer useful or necessary in the operation of the Business (unless it is not possible to maintain such Intellectual Property as a matter of applicable law) and (iv) sales, leases or other dispositions of inventory determined by the
management of the Borrower to be no longer useful or necessary in the operation of the Business in the ordinary course of business; 

71 

(b) (i) the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the non-exclusive licensing, sublicensing or cross-licensing of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, which do not interfere in any material respect with the conduct of
the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, and (iii) the contemporaneous exchange, in the ordinary course of business, of Property for Property of a like kind, to the extent that the Property received in such exchange is of a Fair Market
Value equivalent to the Fair Market Value of the Property exchanged (provided, that after giving effect to such exchange, the Fair Market Value of the Property of any Loan Party so exchanged that is subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral
Agent under the Security Documents or an order of the Bankruptcy Court is not materially reduced); 

(c) Dispositions permitted by
Section 7.4 (other than Section 7.4(e)); 

(d) the sale or issuance of any
Subsidiarys Capital Stock to any Loan Party; 

(e) any Recovery Event; provided, that the requirements of
Section 2.12(b) are complied with in connection therewith; 

(f) the leasing, licensing, occupying pursuant to
occupancy agreements or sub-leasing of Real Property that would not materially interfere with the use in the ordinary course of such Property by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries; 

(g) the sale or discount, in each case without recourse and in the ordinary course of business, of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary
course of business, but only in connection with the compromise or collection thereof consistent with customary industry practice (and not as part of any bulk sale or financing of receivables); 

(h) (i) transfers of condemned Property as a result of the exercise of eminent domain or other similar policies to the
respective Governmental Authority or agency that has condemned the same (whether by deed in lieu of condemnation or otherwise), and (ii) transfers of properties that have been subject to a casualty to the respective insurer of such Property as
part of an insurance settlement; 

(i) the transfer of Property (i) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor to any other Loan
Party or (ii) from a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary to (A) any Loan Party; provided, that the portion (if any) of such Disposition made for more than Fair Market Value shall constitute an Investment
and comply with Section 7.7 or (B) any other Non-Guarantor Subsidiary; 

(j) the Disposition of cash and Cash Equivalents (or the foreign equivalent of Cash Equivalents) in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) to the extent constituting Dispositions, (i) Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.3 (other than by
reference to Section 7.5 or any clause thereof), (ii) Restricted Payments expressly permitted by Section 7.6 (other than by reference to Section 7.5 or any clause thereof)
and (iii) Investments expressly permitted by Section 7.7 (other than by reference to Section 7.5 or any clause thereof); 

(l) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures and other non-wholly owned entities to the extent
required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements in effect on the Petition Date between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements, shareholder agreements and similar binding arrangements in effect on the
Petition Date, in each case enforceable after giving effect to applicable Bankruptcy Law; provided that the requirements of Section 2.12(b), to the extent applicable, are complied with in connection therewith; 

(m) the unwinding of Hedge Agreements permitted hereunder pursuant to their terms; 

72 

(n) the sale of services, or the termination of any other contracts, in each case in the
ordinary course of business; 

(o) sales, transfers or other Disposition of assets with respect to any Debtor pursuant to any order of the
Bankruptcy Court, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders, permitting de minimis asset dispositions without further order of the
Bankruptcy Court, so long as the proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with Section 2.12(b); 

(p)
Dispositions of Property in the ordinary course of business to the extent that (i)(A) such Property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement Property or (B) the proceeds of such Disposition are applied to
the purchase price of such replacement Property and (ii) to the extent such Property constituted Collateral, such replacement Property constitutes Collateral as well; 

(q) any Disposition of Property in the ordinary course of business that represents a surrender or waiver of an immaterial contract right or
settlement, surrender or release of a contract or tort claim; and 

(r) Dispositions of Property between or among the Borrower and/or
Subsidiaries that are Debtors as a substantially concurrent interim Disposition in connection with a Disposition otherwise expressly permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (aa) above. 

It is further understood and agreed that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (i) to the extent any equity
interests of any Loan Party are permitted to be Disposed of under this Section 7.5, such Disposition shall be of no less than all of the Capital Stock of any such Loan Party, and (ii) each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not
sell, assign, convey, transfer or otherwise Dispose of its Intellectual Property to any Affiliate, Subsidiary or other Person, nor shall it permit any of its Intellectual Property (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to be owned, held or
licensed by any Affiliate, Subsidiary or any other Person, except (A) as exists on the Closing Date, and (B) the non-exclusive licensing, sublicensing or cross-licensing of Intellectual Property in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, which do not interfere in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 

7.6 Restricted Payments. Directly or indirectly, declare or pay any dividend on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets
for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution
in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or Property or in obligations of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (collectively, Restricted Payments), except that: 

(a) (i) any Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party (provided that any Subsidiary that is a Debtor may only make
Restricted Payments to Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties and Debtors) and (ii) Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments to other Non-Guarantor
Subsidiaries; 

(b) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate
transactions expressly permitted (other than by reference to Section 7.6 or any clause thereof) by any provision of Sections 7.4, 7.5, 7.7 and 7.9 (other than
Section 7.9(b)(vi), (vii) or (ix); and 

73 

(c) Prepayments and payments of other Indebtedness set forth in the Approved Budget (subject
to the Permitted Variance) or the Orders.

7.7 Investments. Make any advance,
loan, extension of credit (by way of guarantee or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or purchase any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or all or substantially all of the assets constituting an ongoing business
from, or make any other similar investment in, any other Person (all of the foregoing, Investments), except: 

(a) (i) extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, (ii) loans, advances and promotions made to distributors,
customers, vendors and suppliers in the ordinary course of business or in accordance with market practices, (iii) purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials and equipment, purchases of contract rights, accounts and chattel
paper, purchases of put and call foreign exchange options to the extent necessary to hedge foreign exchange exposures or foreign exchange spot and forward contracts, or purchases of notes receivable, in each case in the ordinary course of business,
to the extent such purchases and acquisitions constitute Investments, (iv) Investments among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with the sale of inventory and parts in the ordinary course of business and (v) purchases and
acquisitions of Intellectual Property or purchases of licenses of Intellectual Property, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, to the extent constituting Investments; 

(b) Investments in Cash Equivalents (or the foreign equivalent of Cash Equivalents) and Investments that were Cash Equivalents (or the foreign
equivalent of Cash Equivalents) when made; 

(c) Investments arising in connection with (i) the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted
by Section 7.2 (other than by reference to Section 7.7 or any clause thereof) to the extent arising as a result of Indebtedness among the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and Guarantee
Obligations permitted by Section 7.2 (other than by reference to Section 7.7 or any clause thereof) and payments made in respect of such Guarantee Obligations, (ii) the forgiveness or
conversion to equity of any Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2 (other than by reference to Section 7.7 or any clause thereof) and (iii) guarantees by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
of leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) loans and advances to employees, consultants or directors of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course of business in an aggregate amount (for the Borrower and all of its Subsidiaries) not to exceed $1,000,000 (excluding (for purposes of such cap) tuition advances, travel and entertainment expenses, but including relocation advances) at any
one time outstanding; 

(e) Investments (i) (other than those relating to the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted by
Section 7.7(c)) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the Borrower or any Person that, prior to such Investment, is a Loan Party (or is a Subsidiary that becomes a Loan Party in connection with such Investment);
provided that any Debtor may not make an Investment in a non-Debtor pursuant to this subclause (i), (ii) [reserved], (iii) comprised solely of equity purchases or contributions by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries in any other Subsidiary made for tax purposes, so long as, prior to such Investment, the Borrower provides to the Administrative Agent evidence reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (at the direction of Required Lenders) and
the Required Lenders that, after giving pro forma effect to such Investments, the granting, perfection, validity and priority of the security interest of the Secured Parties in the Collateral is not impaired in any material respect by such
Investment, and (iv) existing on the Petition Date in any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary; 

74 

(f) Investments to the extent provided for in any Approved Budget; 

(g) Investments (including debt obligations) received in the ordinary course of business by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with (w) the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers, vendors, distributors, clients, customers and other Persons, (x) settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, suppliers, vendors, distributors,
clients, customers and other Persons arising in the ordinary course of business, (y) endorsements for collection or deposit and (z) customary trade arrangements with suppliers, vendors, distributors, clients and customers, including
consisting of Capital Stock of clients and customers issued to the Borrower or any Subsidiary in consideration for goods provided and/or services rendered; 

(h) Investments by any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary in any other
Non-Guarantor Subsidiary; provided, that this Section 7.7(h) shall not permit Investments made by any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary that is a Debtor
in any non-Debtor;

(i) Investments in existence on, or pursuant to legally binding written
commitments in existence on, the Petition Date and listed on Schedule 7.7 and, in each case, any extensions, renewals or replacements thereof, so long as the amount of any Investment made pursuant to this clause (i) is not
increased (other than pursuant to such legally binding commitments); 

(j) Investments of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under
Hedge Agreements permitted hereunder; 

(k) to the extent constituting Investments, transactions expressly permitted (other than by
reference to this Section 7.7 or any clause thereof) under Sections 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 and 7.8; 

(l) Investments arising directly out of the receipt by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of
non-cash consideration for any sale of assets permitted under Section 7.5 (other than by reference to Section 7.7 or any clause thereof); 

(m) Investments resulting from pledges and deposits referred to in Sections 7.3(c) and (d); 

(n) [reserved]; 

(o)
Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of UCC Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and UCC Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers; 

(p) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000; provided, that Investments made by any Loan Party pursuant to this
clause (p) shall not be in the form of Intellectual Property (or of Capital Stock of Subsidiaries owning Intellectual Property); 

(q)
advances of payroll payments to employees, or fee payments to directors, in the ordinary course of business; provided, that Investments made pursuant to this Section 7.7(q) shall not, in the aggregate, exceed
$1,000,000 in any fiscal year and shall in any event be consistent with the Approved Budget; 

(r) Investments constituting loans or
advances in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted pursuant to Section 7.6; 

75 

(s) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may make Investments in prepaid expenses,
negotiable instruments held for collection and lease and utility and workers compensation deposits provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the Approved Budget (subject to the Permitted Variance); and

(t) Investments in (i) [reserved] and (ii) any other Investment available to highly compensated employees under any excess 401-(k) plan of the Borrower (or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries, as applicable), in each case to the extent necessary to permit the Borrower (or such Domestic Subsidiary, as applicable) to satisfy its
obligations under such excess 401-(k) plan for highly compensated employees; provided, however, (i) that the aggregate amount of such purchases and other Investments under this
Section 7.7(t) does not exceed the amounts set forth in such section and (ii) such Investments made pursuant this Section 7.7(t) are consistent with the Approved Budget. 

It is further understood and agreed that for purposes of determining the value of any Investment outstanding for purposes of this
Section 7.7, such amount shall be deemed to be the amount of such Investment when made, purchased or acquired less any returns on such Investment (not to exceed the original amount invested). 

It is further understood and agreed that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not make
any Investment of Intellectual Property in any Affiliate or Subsidiary, nor shall it permit any of its Intellectual Property (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to be owned, held or licensed by any Affiliate or Subsidiary, except (A) as
exists on the Closing Date and (B) the non-exclusive licensing, sublicensing or cross-licensing of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, which do not
interfere in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 

7.8 Prepayments, Etc. of
Indebtedness; Amendments. (a) Make any Prepetition Payments other than (i) as permitted by the Orders, (ii) as permitted by any Approved Bankruptcy Court Order and consistent with the Approved Budget, (iii) [reserved], or
(iv) as permitted by any other order of the Bankruptcy Court in amounts reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, but in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) in amounts not in excess of the amounts set forth for such payments in the
Approved Budget (subject to the Permitted Variance), or (b) amend or modify the documentation in respect of any Prepetition Indebtedness. 

7.9 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction or series of transactions, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange
of Property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate thereof (other than among Loan Parties or among non-Loan Parties) involving aggregate
payments or consideration in excess of $500,000 unless such transaction is (a) otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement and (b) upon terms materially no less favorable when taken as a whole to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the
case may be, than it would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate; provided with respect to any such transaction involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $750,000, the
Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a letter from a nationally recognized investment banking firm stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Subsidiary from a financial point of view. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may: 

(i) make any Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to
Section 7.6 (other than by reference to Section 7.9 or any clause thereof) or any Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.7; 

(ii) perform their obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

76 

(iii) enter into transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale
of goods, equipment and services entered into in the ordinary course of business subject to compliance with Section 7.9(b); 

(iv) without being subject to the terms of this Section 7.9, enter into any transaction with any
Person which is an Affiliate of the Borrower only by reason of such Person and Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, having common directors; 

(v) enter into any transaction among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice that is not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement; 

(vi) enter into the transactions allowed pursuant to
Section 10.6; 

(vii) enter into transactions set forth on Schedule 7.9; 

(viii) enter into any compensation or employee benefit arrangements with an officer, director, manager, employee or consultant
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and not otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement; 

(ix) enter into any transaction in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative
Agent a letter from a nationally recognized investment banking firm stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Subsidiary from a financial point of view and meets the requirements of Sections 7.9(a) and (b); 

(x) enter into transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, or purchasers or sellers of goods or services that are
Affiliates, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement that are fair to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or the senior
management of the Borrower, or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party; 

(xi) engage in any transaction in the ordinary course of business between the Borrower or a Subsidiary and its own employee
stock option plan that is approved by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in good faith. 

For the avoidance of doubt, this
Section 7.9 shall not restrict or otherwise apply to employment, benefits, compensation, bonus, retention and severance arrangements with, and payments of compensation or benefits (including customary fees, expenses and
indemnities) to or for the benefit of, current or former employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. 

For purposes of this Section 7.9, any transaction with any Affiliate shall be deemed to have satisfied the standard
set forth in clause (b) of the first sentence hereof if such transaction is approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable. 

7.10 Sales and Leasebacks. Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries of real or personal Property which is to be sold or transferred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (a) to such Person or (b) to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the
security of such Property or rental obligations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

77 

7.11 Changes in Fiscal Periods. Permit the fiscal year of the Borrower to end on a
day other than December 31. 

7.12 Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any
Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations or, in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor, its obligations under the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement, other than: 

(a) this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, or any other agreement entered into pursuant to any of
the foregoing; 

(b) any agreements governing Indebtedness and/or other obligations secured by a Lien permitted by this Agreement (in which
case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets subject to such Liens permitted by this Agreement); 

(c) non-exclusive Intellectual Property licenses entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, which do not interfere in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the
Borrower or such Subsidiary, pursuant to which such Loan Party is the licensee of the relevant Intellectual Property (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall relate only to the assets subject to the applicable license); 

(d) Contractual Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business which (i) limit Liens on the assets that are the subject of the
applicable Contractual Obligation or (ii) contain customary provisions restricting the assignment, transfer or pledge of such agreements; 

(e) any agreements regarding Indebtedness or other obligations of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary not
prohibited under Section 7.2 (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets of such Non-Guarantor Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries); 

(f) prohibitions and limitations in effect on the Petition Date (i) under the Prepetition Notes Indenture, or (ii) listed on
Schedule 7.12 hereof; 

(g) customary provisions contained in joint venture agreements, shareholder agreements
and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures and other non-wholly owned entities not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(h) customary provisions restricting the subletting, assignment, pledge or other transfer of any lease governing a leasehold interest; 

(i) customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to any Disposition of Property, leases, subleases, licenses,
sublicenses, and cross licenses not prohibited hereunder; 

(j) any agreement in effect at the time any Person becomes a Subsidiary of the
Borrower or is merged with or into the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower or a party to such merger; 

78 

(k) restrictions imposed by applicable law or regulation or license requirements; 

(l) restrictions in any agreements or instruments relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by this Agreement (i) if the
encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially more restrictive on the Subsidiaries than the encumbrances contained in this Agreement (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) or
(ii) if such encumbrances and restrictions are customary for similar financings in light of prevailing market conditions at the time of incurrence thereof (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and the Borrower determines in good faith
that such encumbrances and restrictions would not reasonably be expected to materially impair the Borrowers ability to create and maintain the Liens on the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents; 

(m) restrictions in respect of Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted by Sections 7.3(g) and 7.3(v) relating solely
to the assets or proceeds thereof secured by such Indebtedness; 

(n) customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business; 

(o) restrictions arising in connection with cash or other deposits not prohibited hereunder and
limited to such cash or other deposit; 

(p) restrictions and conditions that arise in connection with any Dispositions permitted by
Section 7.5; provided, however, that such restrictions and conditions shall apply only to the property subject to such Disposition; and 

(q) the foregoing shall not apply to any restrictions or conditions imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals,
increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or other obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (r) above, provided, that the restrictions and conditions contained in
such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are, in good faith judgment of the Borrower no more restrictive than those restrictions and conditions in effect immediately
prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing under the applicable contract, instrument or other obligation. 

7.13 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions. Enter into any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any
Subsidiary to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Subsidiary held by, or pay any Indebtedness owed to, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) make Investments in the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of or consisting of: 

(i) this
Agreement or any other Loan Documents, or any other agreement entered into pursuant to any of the foregoing; 

(ii)
provisions limiting the Disposition of assets or property in asset sale agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements, which limitation is in each case applicable only to the assets or interests the subject of such agreements but
which may include customary restrictions in respect of a Subsidiary in connection with the Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary; 

79 

(iii) customary net worth provisions contained in Real Property leases
entered into by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, so long as the Borrower has determined in good faith that such net worth provisions would not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Borrower to meet its ongoing payment obligations
hereunder or, in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor, its obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement; 

(iv)
agreements related to Indebtedness in effect on the Petition Date; 

(v) Contractual Obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business which include customary provisions restricting the assignment, transfer or pledge thereof; 

(vi)
customary provisions contained in joint venture agreements, shareholder agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures and other non-wholly owned entities not prohibited by this
Agreement; 

(vii) customary provisions restricting the subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold
interest; 

(viii) any agreement in effect at the time any Person becomes a Subsidiary or is merged with or into the
Borrower or any Subsidiary, so long as such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or a party to such merger; 

(ix) encumbrances or restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary
course of business; 

(x) encumbrances or restrictions imposed by applicable law, regulation or customary license
requirements; 

(xi) restrictions and conditions contained in the Prepetition Notes Indenture; 

(xii) any agreement in effect on the Petition Date and described on Schedule 7.13; 

(xiii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to
Section 7.3 (other than obligations in respect of Indebtedness), if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such obligations and such encumbrances and restrictions are customary for
similar obligations in light of prevailing market conditions at the time of incurrence thereof (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and the Borrower determines in good faith that such encumbrances and restrictions would not reasonably be
expected to materially impair the Borrowers ability to pay the Obligations when due; 

(xiv) restrictions or
conditions contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase or other agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business; provided, that
such agreement prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the Borrower or such Subsidiary that are the subject of such agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof and does not extend to any other asset
or property of the Borrower or such Subsidiary or the assets or property of any other Subsidiary; and 

(xv) the foregoing
shall not apply to any restrictions or conditions imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or other obligations referred to in
clauses (i) through (xviii) above, provided, that the restrictions and conditions contained in such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings,

80 

replacements or refinancings are, in good faith judgment of the Borrower no more restrictive than those restrictions and conditions in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing under the applicable contract, instrument or other obligation. 

7.14 Limitation on Hedge Agreements. Enter into any Hedge Agreement other than Hedge Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of
business, and not for speculative purposes. 

7.15 [Reserved]. 

7.16 Additional Bankruptcy Matters. No Loan Party shall, and no Loan Party shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, without the
Required Lenders prior written consent, do any of the following: 

(a) assert, join, investigate, support or prosecute any claim or
cause of action against any of the Secured Parties (in their capacities as such), unless such claim or cause of action is in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents or the Restructuring Support Agreement or any Definitive Documents
against any of the Agents or Lenders; 

(b) subject to the terms of the Orders, and subject to Section VIII, object to, contest,
delay, prevent or interfere with in any material manner the exercise of rights and remedies by the Agents or the Lenders with respect to the Collateral following the occurrence of an Event of Default; provided, that any Loan Party may contest
or dispute whether an Event of Default has occurred in accordance with the terms of the Orders; or 

(c) except as expressly provided or
permitted hereunder (including, without limitation, to the extent authorized pursuant to any order of the Bankruptcy Court complying with the terms of this Agreement) or, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders (and, if applicable, the
Administrative Agent), as provided pursuant to an Approved Bankruptcy Court Order, make any payment or distribution to any non-Debtor affiliate or insider unless such payment or distribution is on arms
length terms, consistent with past practice and in the ordinary course of business for the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary. 

7.17
Budget Variance Covenant. Commencing with the delivery of the Budget Variance Report for the Test Period ending on March 28, 2025, and as of each subsequent Budget Variance Test Date, for the most recently ended Test Period, permit
actual aggregate disbursements for such Test Period (excluding professional fees and expenses) to be greater than 120% of the forecasted aggregate disbursements for such Test Period (excluding professional fees and expenses) in the applicable
Approved Budget (the Permitted Variance). 

To the extent that any Test Period encompasses a period that is covered in
more than one Approved Budget, the applicable weeks from each applicable Approved Budget shall be utilized in making the calculations pursuant to this Section 7.17. 

7.18 [Reserved]. 

7.19
Subrogation. Permit any of its Subsidiaries to assert any right of subrogation or contribution against any other Debtors until the payment in full in cash of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations with respect to
then unasserted claims). 

81 

SECTION VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

8.1 Events of Default. If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 

(a) The Borrower shall fail to pay (i) any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof or (ii) any other
amounts due pursuant to the Orders, any interest owed by it on any Loan, or any other amount payable by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document, in the case of this clause (ii), within five Business Days after any such interest or other amount
becomes due in accordance with the terms of the Orders, hereof or thereof, as applicable; 

(b) Any representation or warranty made or
deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate or other document furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall in either case
prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect (or if qualified by materiality, in any respect) and such inaccuracy is adverse to the Lenders on or as of the date made or deemed made or furnished; 

(c) The Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in
Section 6.4(a) (solely with respect to maintaining the existence of the Borrower), Section 6.17, or Section 7;

(d) Any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section 8.1), and such default shall continue unremedied (i) for a period of two (2) Business Days if such breach relates to the terms or
provisions of Section 6.1(d) or (e), (ii) for a period of two (2) Business Days after such Loan Party receives from the Administrative Agent (at the direction of Required Lenders) or the Required Lenders notice
of the existence of such default if such breach relates to the terms or provisions of Section 6.19, (iii) for a period of six (6) Business Days if such breach relates to the terms or provisions of
Section 6.7(a), (iv) for a period of ten (10) days if such breach relates to the terms or provisions of Section 6.10, or (v) for a period of thirty (30) days; 

(e) Any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries that is not a Debtor shall: 

(i) default in making any payment of any principal of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (excluding Prepetition Indebtedness)
on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money was created; 

(ii) default in making any payment of any interest on any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (excluding Prepetition
Indebtedness) beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money was created; or 

(iii) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money (excluding Prepetition Indebtedness) or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event of default shall occur, the effect of which payment or other default or other event of
default is to cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to become due
prior to its stated maturity or to become subject to a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor thereunder; 

82 

provided, that: 

(A) a default, event or condition described in this paragraph shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default unless, at
such time, one or more defaults or events of default of the type described in this paragraph shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (excluding Prepetition Indebtedness) the outstanding principal amount
of which individually exceeds $1,000,000, and in the case of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the types described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof, with respect to such Indebtedness which exceeds such amount
either individually or in the aggregate; and 

(B) this paragraph (e) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that
becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer, destruction or other disposition of the Property or assets securing such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money if such sale, transfer, destruction or other disposition is not prohibited hereunder and under
the documents providing for such Indebtedness; 

(f) (i) any direct or indirect material Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a
Debtor shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for
relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or
(B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or any material Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not a Debtor
shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

(ii) there shall be commenced against any material
Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not a Debtor any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such
adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days; 

(iii) there
shall be commenced against any material Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not a Debtor any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against
substantially all of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; 

(iv) any material Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not a Debtor shall consent to or approve of, or
acquiesce in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or 

(v) any material
Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not a Debtor shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; 

(g) (i) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall incur any liability in connection with any prohibited transaction (as
defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan; 

83 

(ii) a failure to meet the minimum funding standards (as defined in Section 302(a) of
ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Single Employer Plan or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Lien shall arise on the assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be
appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Single Employer Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is reasonably likely to result in the termination of such Single Employer Plan for purposes of
Title IV of ERISA; 

(iv) any Single Employer Plan shall terminate in a distress termination under Section 4041(c) of ERISA or in an
involuntary termination by the PBGC under Section 4042 of ERISA; 

(v) any Loan Party or any other Commonly Controlled Entity shall,
or is reasonably likely to, incur any liability as a result of a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency of, a Multiemployer Plan; 

(vi) any
Foreign Plan Event occurs; or 

(vii) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; 

and in each case in clauses (i) through (vii) above, which event or condition, together with all other such events or
conditions, if any, would reasonably be expected to result in any liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(h) One or more final judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (which is not subject to the
automatic stay) pursuant to which the Borrower and any such Subsidiaries taken as a whole has a liability (not paid or fully covered by third-party insurance or effective indemnity) of $1,000,000 or more (net of any amounts which are covered by
insurance or an effective indemnity), and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, dismissed, stayed or bonded within 60 days from the entry thereof; 

(i) Subject to Schedule 6.10, any limitations expressly set forth herein and the exceptions set forth in the applicable Security
Documents: 

(i) the Orders or any of the Security Documents shall cease, for any reason (other than by reason of the
express release thereof in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof) to be in full force and effect or shall be asserted in writing by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor not to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of any party thereto;

(ii) any security interest purported to be created by the Orders or any Security Document with respect to any material
portion of the Collateral of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis shall cease to be, or shall be asserted in writing by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected security interest (having the priority required by this Agreement, the Orders
or the relevant Security Document) in the securities, assets or properties covered thereby, except to the extent that (x) any such loss of perfection or priority results from limitations of foreign laws, rules and regulations as they apply to
pledges of Capital Stock in Foreign Subsidiaries or the application thereof, or from the failure of the Collateral Agent in accordance with the Security Documents to maintain possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing
securities pledged under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or otherwise or to file UCC continuation 

84 

statements or (y) such loss is covered by a lenders title insurance policy and the Administrative Agent (at the direction of Required Lenders) shall be reasonably satisfied with the
credit of such insurer; or 

(iii) the Guarantee Obligations pursuant to the Orders and the Security Documents by any Loan
Party of any of the Obligations shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof), or such Guarantee Obligations shall be asserted in writing by any Loan Party not to be in effect or not to be
legal, valid and binding obligations; or 

(j) (iv) [Reserved]. 

(k) (i) The Borrower shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Capital Stock of each of its Subsidiaries; or 

(ii) for any reason whatsoever, any person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date, but excluding (x) any employee benefit plan of such person and its subsidiaries, and (y) any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee,
agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan shall become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act
as in effect on the Closing Date), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding voting securities having ordinary voting power of the Borrower;) 

(l) there occurs any of the following: 

(i) the entry of an order dismissing any of the Cases or converting any of the Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn five (5) days from entry, or any filing by any Loan Party (or any Subsidiary thereof) of a motion or other pleading seeking entry of such an order; 

(ii) a trustee, a responsible officer or an examiner having expanded powers (beyond those set forth under Sections 1106(a)(3)
and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) under Bankruptcy Code section 1104 (other than a fee examiner), or any similar person is appointed or elected in the any of the Cases, any Loan Party (or any Subsidiary thereof) applies for, consents to, or fails
to contest in, any such appointment, or the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered an order that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn three (3) calendar days from entry providing for such appointment, in each case without the prior written consent
of the Required Lenders in their sole discretion; 

(iii) the entry of an order that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn
five (5) calendar days from entry or the filing by any Loan Party (or any Subsidiary thereof) of an application, motion or other pleading seeking entry of an order staying, reversing, amending, supplementing, vacating or otherwise modifying the
Interim Order (other than the Final Order) or the Final Order, or any of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall apply for authority to do so (unless substantially concurrently with the entry of such order the DIP Facility will be repaid in
full and the Commitments will be terminated), without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, or the Interim Order or Final Order, as applicable, shall cease to be in full force and effect; 

(iv) (A) the entry of an order that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn five (5) calendar days from entry in any of
the Cases denying or terminating use of cash collateral by the Loan Parties that are Debtors; or (B) any other event that terminates the Loan Parties right to use cash collateral. 

85 

(v) the entry of an order that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn five
(5) calendar days from entry in any of the Cases granting relief from any stay of proceeding (including, without limitation, the automatic stay) so as to allow a third party to proceed against any assets (other than with respect to proceeds of
insurance policies) of the Debtors having an aggregate value of $500,000 or to permit other actions that would have a material adverse effect on the Debtors or their estates; 

(vi) any of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries shall commence, join in, assist, support or otherwise participate as
an adverse party in any suit or other proceeding against the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or the Lenders (in each case, in their capacities as such) (other than to enforce the Loan Documents or to argue the occurrence of a Default or Event
of Default); 

(vii) the entry of an order that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn five (5) days from entry in the
Cases charging any of the Collateral under Section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code against the Lenders or the commencement of any other actions by the Loan Parties, that challenges the rights and remedies of the Agents or the Lenders under the
Loan Documents or the Orders or that is inconsistent with the Loan Documents; 

(viii) the entry of an order in any of the
Cases (other than the Orders) granting authority to use cash collateral (other than with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents) and the Required Lenders) or to obtain financing
under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code (other than the DIP Facility or any other Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.2 or the proceeds of which will be used to repay the DIP Facility in full and terminate
the Commitments); 

(ix) without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of
the Agents) and the Required Lenders, the entry of an order that is not stayed, vacated, or withdrawn five (5) days from entry in any of the Cases granting adequate protection to any person (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not apply to
any payments made pursuant to any Order or any First Day Order consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders); 

(x) the filing or support of any pleading by any Loan Party (or any of its Subsidiaries) seeking, or otherwise consenting to,
any of the matters set forth in clauses (i) through (ix) above or which could otherwise be reasonably expected to result in the occurrence of an Event of Default; 

(xi) the making of any Prepetition Payments other than (A) as permitted by the Orders, (B) as permitted by any orders
of the Bankruptcy Court reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders and consistent with the Approved Budget or (C) as permitted by any other order of the Bankruptcy Court in amounts reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, but in
the case of clauses (A) and (B) in amounts not in excess of the amounts set forth for such payments in the Approved Budget (subject to the Permitted Variance); 

(xii) an order of the Bankruptcy Court granting, other than in respect of this Agreement and the
Carve-Out or pursuant to the Orders, any superpriority administrative expense claim in the Cases pursuant to Section 364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code pari passu with or senior to the claims of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, or the filing by any Loan Party (or any of its Subsidiaries) of a motion or application seeking entry of such an order; 

86 

(xiii) the Final Order is not entered within 35 days of the Petition Date;

(xiv) other than with respect to the Carve-Out and the Liens permitted to have
such priority hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and the Orders, any Loan Party shall create or incur, or the Bankruptcy Court enter an order granting, any Lien which is pari passu with or senior to any Liens under the Loan Documents; 

(xv) noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with the terms of the Interim Order or the Final Order; 

(xvi) the commencement of, or support of, any Loan Party to any action against any member of the Ad Hoc Committee unless such
action is in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents, the Restructuring Support Agreement or any Definitive Documents; 

(xvii) the filing of a motion, pleading or proceeding by any of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is not withdrawn
within one (1) day which could reasonably be expected to result in a material impairment of the rights or interests of the Lenders in their capacities as such; 

(xviii) the filing of a Chapter 11 Plan that is not an Acceptable Plan of Reorganization that is not withdrawn within one
(1) day; 

(xix) any Loan Party (or any of its Subsidiaries) shall file a motion, without the Required Lenders
written consent, seeking authority to sell all or substantially all of its assets in a transaction that is not approved by the Required Lenders; 

(xx) any Loan Document shall cease to be effective or shall be contested by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries unless such
action is in connection with the enforcement of the Loan Documents; 

(xxi) the filing of or public announcement relating to
any plan, disclosure statement or any material document in the Cases without adequate notice to the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors at least 5 Business Days prior to such filing or announcement (or, if impracticable, as soon as practicable prior to such
filing or announcement); 

(xxii) the termination of the Restructuring Support Agreement or any other restructuring support
agreement to which the Ad Hoc Committee is a party; provided that the foregoing shall not constitute an Event of Default to the extent the Company terminates the Restructuring Support Agreement as to a
Non-Supporting Senior Noteholder so long as the Consenting Senior Noteholders (excluding any Non-Supporting Senior Noteholders as to which the Restructuring Support
Agreement has been terminated) continue to hold or control at least two-thirds in principal amount of the then outstanding principal amounts of Senior Notes; or 

(xxiii) the reduction or termination of the time period during which the Debtors may exclusively file a Chapter 11 Plan and/or
solicit votes to accept such plan; 

then, and in any such event, at the direction of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to
the Borrower, declare the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable.
Except as expressly provided above in this Section 8.1 or otherwise in any Loan Document, presentment, demand and protest of any kind are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

87 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the enforcement of Liens or remedies with
respect to the Collateral and the exercise of all other remedies provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall be subject to the provisions (including notice and timing) set forth in the Interim Order (and, when entered, the
Final Order). 

SECTION IX. THE AGENTS 

9.1 Appointment. 

(a)
Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each Agent as the agent of such Lender under the Loan Documents; and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes each such Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the
provisions of the applicable Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to such Agent by the terms of the applicable Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Agents shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary, principal-agency, or trustee relationship with
the other Agent, any Lender or any other Secured Party (regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Agents and the duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. All references to Administrative Agent in this Article IX shall, where applicable,
be read as including a reference to the Collateral Agent. 

(b) The provisions of this Section 9 are solely for
the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and the Loan Parties shall have no rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Agent shall act solely as an agent of the Lenders and
does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of fiduciary, agency or trust with or for the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, or any of their respective Subsidiaries. It is understood and agreed that
the use of the term agent or Agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under
agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only a representative relationship between independent contracting parties. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Agents are hereby expressly authorized to (i) execute any and all documents (including releases and the Security Documents (which Security Documents shall contain indemnity and expense reimbursement provisions for the benefit of
the Agents party thereto that are no more onerous to the Lenders than the provisions contained in the Security Documents as of the Closing Date and shall be binding on the Lenders)) with respect to the Collateral and the rights of the Secured
Parties with respect thereto, as contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Security Documents and (ii) negotiate, enforce or settle any claim, action or proceeding affecting the Lenders in their capacity as
such, at the written direction of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary), which negotiation, enforcement or settlement will be
binding upon each Lender. 

9.2 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may execute any of its duties under the applicable Loan Documents
by or through any of its branches, agents, sub-agents or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Neither Agent shall be responsible for
the negligence or misconduct of any agents, sub-agents or attorneys in fact selected by 

88 

it with reasonable care. Each Agent and any such agent, sub-agent or
attorney-in-fact may perform any and all of its duties by or through their respective Related Parties (including their affiliates, agents,
sub-agents, designees, employees or attorneys-in-fact). The exculpatory and indemnification provisions of this Section
shall apply to any such agent, sub-agent or attorney-in-fact and to the Related Parties of each Agent and any such agent, sub-agent or attorney-in-fact, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the DIP Facility as
well as activities as Agent. 

9.3 Exculpatory Provisions. 

Neither any Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable
for (i) any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary)
(and such consent or request and such action or action not taken pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a final and non-appealable judgment (which shall not include any action taken or omitted to be taken in accordance with clause (i), for which such Agent shall have no liability), or (b) responsible in
any manner for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other
document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report, statement or other document delivered, referred to,
provided for, or delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein, the use of proceeds of the Loans,
or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the execution, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, collectability or sufficiency of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation,
preservation, perfection, maintenance or continuation of perfection, or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, (vi) whether the Collateral
exists, is owned by the Borrower, another Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates, is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered, or meets the eligibility criteria applicable in respect thereof, (vii) the financial
condition or business affairs of any Loan Party or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations or (viii) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 5 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other
than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. No Agent shall be under any duty or obligation to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. 

No Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to
disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person serving as an Agent or any of its Related Parties in any
capacity. 

Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall require any Agent or its Related Parties to expend or risk their own
funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any duties or in the exercise of any rights or powers hereunder. 

No Agent shall be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, in each case, arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its control, including without limitation, any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority; acts of God;
earthquakes; fires; floods; wars; terrorism; civil or military disturbances; sabotage; epidemics; pandemics; riots; interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications service; accidents; labor
disputes; acts of civil or military authority or governmental actions; or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility. 

89 

For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the other protections set forth in this
Section 9, with respect to any determination, designation, or judgment to be made by any Agent herein or in the other Loan Document, such Agent shall be entitled to request that the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary) make or confirm such determination, designation, or judgment. 

No Agent be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose it to liability or that is contrary to
any Loan Document or applicable law. If either Agent requests instructions from the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary) with
respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until such Agent shall have received
instructions from the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders); and such Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action
whatsoever against either Agent as a result of such Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder or under any other Loan Document in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as
shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary). 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
(a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary, principal-agency, trustee relationship or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary
action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or under any Loan Document that such Agent is instructed in writing to exercise by the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided for herein or in the other Loan Document); provided that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel,
(i) may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, (ii) may create any obligation not expressly set forth in the Loan Document or (iii) may be in violation of the automatic stay under
any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law or it shall first have been indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and
all liability and expense (other than liability and expense arising from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct) that may be incurred by it by reason of taking, continuing to take or omitting to take any such action, and (c) except as
expressly set forth in the Loan Document, no Agent shall have any duty to disclose, nor shall it be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any of its Affiliates, or any of the Subsidiaries that is communicated
to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

9.4
Reliance by the Agents. The Agents shall be entitled to rely, not incur any liability for relying and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice, request, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, e-mail, telecopy, telex or teletype message, other writing, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or
Persons or by acting upon any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other
experts selected by the Agents and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Each Agent may also rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone
and reasonably believed by it to have been made by the proper 

90 

Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under the applicable Loan Document unless it shall
first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be
indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Agents shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in
refraining from acting, under the applicable Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be
necessary), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. In determining compliance with any conditions hereunder to the making of a Loan that by
its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Agents may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Agents shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan.
The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the Lenders and participants specified in the Register and Participant Register, respectively, with respect to any amount owing hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes unless the Administrative
Agent is satisfied that such amount shall have been assigned in accordance with Section 10.06 and the relevant Register or Participant Register has not yet been updated to reflect the same. 

Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall
first receive such direction, advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary) and such certifications as it
deems appropriate, provided that such Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may (i) expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law or
(ii) be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or relief of debtors; provided, further, that if such Agent so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its
satisfaction (including reasonable advances as may be requested by such Agent) by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such directed action; provided, further,
that such Agent may seek clarification or further direction prior to taking any such directed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or further direction has been provided. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in
acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Document in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in
good faith shall be necessary), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans and/or Notes. Each Agent may also consult with and rely upon advice
and statements of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary). 

9.5 Notice of Default. Neither Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default
unless such Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. In the event that an Agent receives
such a notice, such Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Agents shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary). 

9.6
Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents,

91 

attorneys in fact, Related Parties or Affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent or any such Person hereafter taken, including any review of the
affairs of a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or
any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, Property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties
and their Affiliates and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents
and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under the applicable Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to
inform itself as to the business, operations, Property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by
the Agents hereunder, no Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, assets, operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or
creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into the possession of such Agent, its Related Parties or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or Affiliates. 

9.7 Indemnification. The Lenders severally agree to indemnify each Agent, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment in full of the Loans) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against
such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, the Loans, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or
any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agents gross negligence or willful
misconduct; provided, further, that no action taken by any Agent in accordance with the written direction of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good
faith shall be necessary) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes hereof. The agreements in this Section 9.7 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the
expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Term Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 9.7 shall be payable on demand therefor.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, no Agent shall be required to take, or to omit to take, any action hereunder or under the Loan Documents unless, upon demand, such Agent receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from
the Lenders (or, to the extent applicable and acceptable to such Agent, any other Secured Party) against all liabilities, costs and expenses that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent or
any of its directors, officers, employees and agents. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of
any kind whatsoever that may at any time occur (including at any time following the payment of the Loans), this Section 9.7 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any
other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses
(including attorneys fees) incurred by such Agent in 

92 

connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice
rendered in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that such Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the
Borrower or the other Loan Parties; provided that such reimbursement by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties continuing reimbursement obligations with respect thereto. If The indemnity provided to each
Agent under this Section 9.7 shall also apply to each Agents respective Affiliates, directors, officers, members, controlling persons, employees, trustees, investment advisors, agents,
sub-agents, representatives, counsel and other advisors and successors. 

9.8 Agent in Its
Individual Capacity. Each Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor
to the Lenders. With respect to its Loans made or renewed by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under the applicable Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms
Lender and Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 

9.9 Successor Agents. 

(a) Any Agent may resign upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the other Agent, effective upon appointment of a successor Agent, or in
accordance with Section 9.9(b) below. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent for the Lenders, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of such
retiring Agent, and the retiring Agents rights, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such retiring Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any Lenders. If no successor
Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agents giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders appoint a
successor Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. After any retiring Agents resignation as Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(b) If no successor Agent has been
appointed pursuant to clause (a) above by the 30th day after the date such notice of resignation was given by the retiring Agent, such Agents resignation shall become effective and all payments, communications and determinations provided
to be made by, to or through the Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, and the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all the duties of such Agent hereunder and/or under any other Loan Document until such time, if any, as the
Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent in accordance with Section 9.9(a) above, as applicable. 

(c) Any
resignation by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.9 shall also constitute its resignation as the Collateral Agent. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder,
(i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Collateral Agent and (ii) the retiring Collateral Agent shall be discharged from all of their respective
duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 

(d) Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Agent
hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder and
under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in 

93 

this Section) and the retiring (or retired) Agent under this Agreement shall promptly (i) transfer to such successor Agent all sums, Capital Stock and other items of Collateral held by it
hereunder or under the Security Documents, together with all records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and
(ii) execute and deliver to such successor Agent or otherwise authorize the filing of such amendments to financing statements to the extent the applicable Loan Parties cannot otherwise do so, and take such other actions, as may be necessary or
appropriate in connection with the assignment to such successor Agent of the security interests created under the Security Documents, whereupon such retiring or removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement,
the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents. 

(e) Upon a resignation of an Agent pursuant to this
Section 9.9, such Agent shall remain indemnified to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the provisions of this Section 9 (and the analogous provisions of the
other Loan Documents) shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Agent for all of its actions and inactions while serving as Agent, including with respect to such actions taken in accordance with Section 9.9(d). 

9.10 Certain Collateral Matters. 

(a) Each Lender authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to enter into or join (x) the Security Documents for the benefit of the
Lenders and the other Secured Parties and (y) any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to the Security Documents in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party of
Indebtedness pursuant to this Agreement, as applicable or to permit such Indebtedness to be secured by a valid, perfected lien. 

(b) Each
Lender hereby agrees that, except as otherwise set forth herein, any action taken by the Required Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the Security Documents, and the exercise by the Required Lenders of the powers set forth
herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized on behalf of all of the Lenders, without the necessity of any
notice to or further consent from any Lender, from time to time prior to an Event of Default, to take any action with respect to any Collateral or Security Documents to which it is a party, which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected
the security interest in and liens upon the Collateral granted pursuant to the Security Documents. 

(c) The Agents are hereby irrevocably
authorized and directed by each of the Lenders to effect any release of Liens or Guarantee Obligations contemplated by Section 10.15. Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the
Collateral Agents authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 9.10(c). 

(d) No Agent
shall have any obligation whatsoever to the Lenders or to any other Person to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by any Loan Party or is cared for, protected or insured or that the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent herein or pursuant
hereto have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise or to continue exercising at all or in any manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or
fidelity any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent in this Section 9 or in any of the Security Documents, it being understood and agreed that in respect of this Collateral, or
any act, omission or event related thereto, the Collateral Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given the Collateral Agents own interest in the Collateral and that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty
or liability whatsoever to any Person, except to the extent 

94 

of its gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). The Collateral
Agent shall have its own independent right to demand payment of the amounts payable by the Loan Parties under this Section, irrespective of any discharge of the Borrowers or other Loan Parties obligations to pay those amounts to
the Lenders resulting from failure by them to take appropriate steps in insolvency proceedings affecting the Borrower or other Loan Parties to preserve their entitlement to be paid those amounts. 

(e) The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or
any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one
or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any
other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial
action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law; provided, that the Obligations of any regulated Lender may not be credit bid if such regulated Lender cannot comply with such applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid
and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets
on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the
equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase); provided, that none of the Secured Parties shall be allowed to credit bid any of the Obligations independently and all
such credit bids shall have to be submitted through, and administered by, the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders), as set forth herein. In connection with any such bid, (i) each Agent shall be authorized but, for the
avoidance of doubt, not obligated (regardless of direction from Required Lenders or any other number of Lenders) to (x) form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid and (y) adopt documents providing for the governance of the
acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by any Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote
of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.1 of this Agreement) and (ii) to the extent that Obligations
that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit
bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Capital Stock and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been
assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 

9.11 Agents May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to any Loan Party, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective
of whether either Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file a single proof of claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other
Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file 

95 

such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Agents (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and
advances of the Lenders and the Agents and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Agents under Sections 2.9 and 10.5) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Lender to make such payments to the Agents and, if either Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to such Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
such Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due to such Agent under Sections 2.9 and 10.5. 

Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to
authorize any Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or in any such proceeding. 

9.12 Survival. The agreements in this
Section 9 shall survive the resignation, removal or replacement of the Agents, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of any or all Obligations under this or
any other Loan Document, and the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

9.13 Right to Realize on Collateral and
Enforce Guarantee. Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Secured Party hereby agree that no Secured Party shall have any right
individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or to take any other enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and
remedies hereunder and under any of the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and all powers,
rights and remedies under the Security Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 

9.14 [Reserved]. 

9.15
Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has
received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt
of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or
mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a
payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion
thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the 

96 

Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 9.2 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such
Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so
received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to
the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Secured Party or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a
Lender or Secured Party, agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its
Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to
such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Party, or other
such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case: 

(i) 

it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or
(y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)),
in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) 

such Lender or Secured Party shall (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other recipient
that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z))
notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.2(b).

For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 9.2(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients obligations pursuant to Section 9.2(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

(c) Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to
such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other
amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). 

97 

(d) (i) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by
the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received
such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents notice to such Lender at any time, then effective
immediately (with the consideration therefor being acknowledged by the parties hereto), (A) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such
lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments), the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) (on a cashless basis and such amount calculated at par plus any accrued and
unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement
incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (B) the Administrative Agent as
the assignee Lender shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to
such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the
indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender, (D) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall each be deemed to have waived any consents required under this
Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the Administrative Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. For the avoidance of doubt,
no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(ii) Subject to Section 10.6 (but excluding, in all events, any assignment consent or approval requirements (whether
from the Borrower or otherwise)), the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency
owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that
receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments of principal and interest, or other distribution in
respect of principal and interest, received by the Administrative Agent on or with respect to any such Loans acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any such Loans are then owned by the
Administrative Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, be reduced by any amount specified by the Administrative Agent in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time. 

98 

(e) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent
may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be
subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party, to the rights and interests of such Lender or Secured Party, as the case
may be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) (provided that the Loan Parties Obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of the Erroneous Payment
Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative of such Obligations in respect of Loans that have been assigned to the Administrative Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay,
discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party; provided that this Section 9.2 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of
increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent;
provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous
Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby
waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous
Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each
partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, the termination of the Commitments and/or the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

SECTION X. MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 Amendments and Waivers. No failure or delay by any Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any
other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders under the Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any
provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by clause (a) of this Section 10.1, and
then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of
Default, regardless of whether any Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. No notice or demand on the Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower to any other or further notice or
demand in similar or other circumstances. 

(a) Except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement or the applicable Loan
Documents, neither this Agreement, nor any other Loan Document, nor any terms, conditions or other provisions hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented, modified, or waived except in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 10.1. In the case of (i) this Agreement, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders and (ii) any other Loan Document, the 

99 

Agents that are party thereto (at the direction of Required Lenders), and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, may, from time to time, (i) enter into written amendments,
supplements or modifications hereto or to any other Loan Document for the purpose of adding, deleting or otherwise modifying any term, condition or other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or changing in any manner the rights or
obligations of the Agents (provided that the Collateral Agent shall be party to any document making such changes applicable to it) or the Lenders or of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries hereunder or thereunder or (ii) waive, on such terms
and conditions as the Required Lenders may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that no such waiver
and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall: 

(i) forgive or reduce the principal amount or extend the final
scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, extend the scheduled date of any payment in respect of any Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest, fee or premium payable hereunder (except in connection with an election permitting any interest accruing
at the Default Rate to be paid in kind (which election shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders)) or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lenders
Commitment, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, which such consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby shall be sufficient to effect such waiver without regard for
Required Lender consent; 

(ii) amend, modify or waive any provision this Section 10.1 without the
written consent of each Lender; 

(iii) (A) reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required
Lenders or change any other provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, modify or waive any rights hereunder or thereunder or to make any determination or grant any
consent hereunder or thereunder, (B) permit the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or (C) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or
release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees provided by the Subsidiary Guarantors under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(iv) amend, modify or waive any provision of clause (a) or (b) of
Section 2.18 hereof or Section 6.6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, or amend, modify or waive any similar provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document in a manner that would
alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(v) amend,
modify or waive the priority of the security interest of the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties in the Collateral, or subordinate the Obligations or the Liens securing the Obligations, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(vi) amend or modify the Superpriority Claim status of the Lenders or Agents under the Orders or under any Loan Document
without the written consent of each such Lender or Agent (solely with respect to the treatment of the Agents); or 

(vii)
amend, modify or waive (A) any provisions of Section 2.25(d) or (B) any of the rights or duties of any Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case, without the written consent of such
Agent; 

100 

Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the
Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders at the time thereof, the Agents and all future Lenders. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Agents shall be restored to their former position and rights
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing unless limited by the terms of such waiver; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or
Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to
approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (as provided in the definition of Required Lenders) except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without its consent. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c)
Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing, if following the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect, or inconsistency, in each case, in any provision of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or
any other Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof. 

10.2 Notices; Electronic Communications. 

(a) All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by telecopy),
and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered or posted to the Platform, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, hand delivered or, in the case of
telecopy notice, when sent (except in the case of a telecopy notice not given during normal business hours (New York time) for the recipient, which shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the
recipient), addressed as follows in the case of the Borrower or the Agents, and as set forth in an administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such Person or at such other address as may be
hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 

The Borrower: Cutera, Inc.

3240 Bayshore Boulevard

Brisbane, California 94005

Attention: Stephana Patton, Chief Legal Officer

Email: spatton@cutera.com

101 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Ropes & Gray, LLP

1211 Avenue of the
Americas

New York, NY 10036-8704

Attention: Jennifer
Harris

Natasha S. Hwangpo

Telephone: 1
212 596 9915

Email: Jennifer.Harris@ropesgray.com

Natasha.Hwangpo@ropesgray.com

Agents: 

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB,

as
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

500 Delaware Avenue, 11th Floor

Wilmington, Delaware 19801

Attn: Patrick Healy

Anita Woolery

Email: PHealy@wsfsbank.com

AWoolery@wsfsbank.com

Telephone:
302.888.7580

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

McDermott Will & Emery LLP

One
Vanderbilt Avenue

New York, New York 10017-3852

Attn:
Jonathan Levine

Email: jlevine@mwe.com

Telephone:
212.547.5400

provided, that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Agents, the Lenders or the Borrower shall not be effective
until received. 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by posting to the Platform or
by any electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 to a Lender that has notified the
Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Section 2 by electronic communication. Any Agent, Lender or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to
it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes,
(i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available,
return email or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website (including the Platform) shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its email
address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if
such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. Each
Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including by electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders email address to which the foregoing notices may be sent by electronic transmission and that the foregoing
notice may be sent to such email address. 

102 

(c) The Borrower, each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that (i) the Borrower
and/or the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials, notices, demands, communications, documents and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower or its Affiliates hereunder and under any other Loan Document or
the transactions contemplated therein (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the
Platform) and (ii) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive information other than information that is publicly available, or not material with respect to
the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, or their respective securities, for purposes of the United States federal and state securities laws (collectively, Public Information). The Borrower hereby agrees that it will identify that
portion of the Borrower Materials that is Public Information and that (w) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear
prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as containing only Public
Information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Confidential Information, they shall be treated as set forth in
Section 10.14); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent
shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information; provided, that there is no
requirement that the Borrower identify any such information as PUBLIC.. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Borrower Materials shall be marked or deemed marked PUBLIC, unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative
Agent promptly that any such document contains Material Non-Public Information: (1) the Loan Documents and (2) notification of changes in the terms of the Loan Documents. 

(d) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY
OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE
PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of their respective Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity
for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind, including without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of
the Borrowers or an Agent Partys transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet (including the Platform), except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party. 

(e) Each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, e-mail address,
telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to such other Person. Each Lender may change its address, e-mail address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and
other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective
address, contact name, 

103 

telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each
Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to
enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable Requirement of Law, including United States federal securities laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not
made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain information other than Public Information. 

(f) The Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices believed in good faith by
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to be given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Person even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other
form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the
Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. 

(a) No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the
Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.1 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit
(i) each Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance
with Section 10.7(b) (subject to the terms of Section 10.7(a)), or (iii) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a
proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and any Lender (if permitted under the terms hereof), may exercise certain remedies under this Agreement consistent with the Loan Documents only in accordance with the Interim Order
or Final Order, as applicable, including Paragraph 18 thereof. 

10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All
representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of
the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder. 

104 

10.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification. Except with respect to Taxes other than
any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim, the Borrower agrees: 

(a) (A) to pay or reimburse each Agent and the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors (plus one firm of special regulatory counsel and one firm of
local counsel per material jurisdiction to the Ad Hoc Committee as may reasonably be necessary) for all of its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the development, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith and any amendment, supplement or modification hereto
or thereto, and, as to the Agents only, the administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements and other charges of McDermott Will & Emery LLP, as counsel to the Agents (plus
one firm of special regulatory counsel and one firm of local counsel to the Agents per material jurisdiction as may be reasonably necessary) and the reasonable fees and expenses of any agent, sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by any Agent; 

(b) to pay or
reimburse the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors and each Agent for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
enforcement of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents referred to in Section 10.5(a) above (including all such costs and expenses incurred in connection with any legal
proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or in connection with any workout or restructuring), including the documented fees and disbursements of (i) McDermott Will & Emery LLP, as counsel to the Agents, any
local counsel to the Agents and, if necessary, a single firm of special regulatory counsel for the Agents and the reasonable fees and expenses of any agent, sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by any Agent and (ii) the Ad Hoc Committee Advisors and, if necessary, a single firm of special regulatory counsel and a single firm of local counsel per material jurisdiction
to the Lenders as may reasonably be necessary; and 

(c) to pay, indemnify or reimburse each Lender, each Agent and their respective
Affiliates, and their respective partners that are natural persons, members that are natural persons, officers, directors, employees, trustees, advisors, agents, sub-agents,attorneys-in-fact and controlling Persons (each, an Indemnitee) for, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, costs, expenses or disbursements arising out of any actions, judgments or suits of any kind or nature whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with any claim, action or proceeding (any of the foregoing, a Proceeding)
relating to or otherwise with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents referred to in Section 10.5(a) above and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including any of the foregoing relating to the use of proceeds of the Loans or the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law applicable to the operations of the
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Properties and the reasonable fees and disbursements and other charges of legal counsel in connection with claims, actions or proceedings by any Indemnitee against the Borrower hereunder (all the
foregoing in this clause (c), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities); 

provided, that, the Borrower shall not have
any obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities have resulted from (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its Related Persons as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable decision (or settlement tantamount thereto) or (ii) disputes solely among Indemnitees or their Related Persons and not arising
from any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (it being understood that this paragraph shall not apply to the indemnification of an Agent in a suit involving an Agent, in each case, in its capacity as such, unless such

105 

suit has resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final
non-appealable decision (or settlement tantamount thereto); provided, further, that no action taken by any Agent in accordance with the written direction of the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes hereof)) or (iii) any settlement of any
Proceeding effected without the Borrowers consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled with the Borrowers written consent or if there is a judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction in any such Proceeding, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses by reason of such settlement or judgment in accordance with the other
provisions of this Section 10.5.

No Indemnitee referred to above shall be liable for any damages arising from
the use by unintended recipients of any information or other material distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

For purposes hereof, a Related Person of an Indemnitee means (i) if
the Indemnitee is any Agent or any of its Affiliates or their respective partners that are natural persons, members that are natural persons, officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling Persons, any of such Agent and its Affiliates and
their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling Persons; provided, that solely for purposes of Section 9, references to each Agents Related Persons shall also include such Agents
trustees and advisors, and (ii) if the Indemnitee is any Lender or any of its Affiliates or their respective partners that are natural persons, members that are natural persons, officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling Persons,
any of such Lender and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling Persons. All amounts due under this Section 10.5 shall be payable promptly after receipt of a reasonably
detailed invoice therefor. Statements payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 10.5 shall be submitted to the Borrower at the address thereof set forth in Section 10.2, or to such other
Person or address as may be hereafter designated by the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. 

The agreements in this
Section 10.5 shall survive repayment of the Obligations. 

10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and
Assignments. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or
transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) subject to Section 2.24, no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this
Section 10.6. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may, in
compliance with applicable law, assign (other than to any Disqualified Institution or a natural person) to one or more assignees (each, an Assignee), all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including
all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 

106 

(1) the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);
provided, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment (x) to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, or an Approved Fund, or (y) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to any other Person;
provided, further, that a consent under this clause (1) shall be deemed given if the Borrower shall not have objected in writing to a proposed assignment within five (5) Business Days after receipt by it of a written
notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; and 

(2) the Administrative Agent; provided, that no consent of the
Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. 

(ii)
Subject to Section 2.24, assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(1) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitments or Loans, the amount of the Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of (I) the date the Assignment and Assumption with
respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or (II) if earlier, the trade date (if any) specified in such Assignment and Assumption) shall not be less than $1,000,000 unless the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided, that (1) no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each assigning
Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds, if any; 

(2) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent (I) an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or, at the Borrowers request, manually) together with (II) a processing and
recordation fee of $3,500 to be paid by either the applicable assignor or Assignee (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent); provided, that only one such fee shall be payable in the case of
contemporaneous assignments to or by two or more related Approved Funds; and 

(3) the Assignee, if not a Lender prior to
such assignment, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire and all applicable tax forms. 

For the purposes
hereof, Approved Fund means any Person that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered or managed by (I) a Lender,
(II) an Affiliate of a Lender, (III) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender or (IV) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that is the investment advisor to a Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Lender shall be permitted to make assignments under this Agreement to any Disqualified Institutions without the written consent of the Borrower. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(v) below, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the Loans and Commitments assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this
Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of
the assigning Lenders rights and 

107 

obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be subject to the obligations under and entitled to the benefits of Sections2.20, 2.21, 10.5 and 10.14). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.6 shall be treated for purposes of this
Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section 10.6 (and will be required to comply therewith), other than any sale to a
Disqualified Institution, which shall be null and void. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the applicable
Lenders, and the applicable Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the applicable Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall
be conclusive absent manifest error and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the applicable Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all
purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The parties intend that any
interest in or with respect to the Loans under this Agreement be treated as being issued and maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any regulations thereunder (and
any successor provisions), including without limitation under United States Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c) and Proposed Regulations Section 1.163-5
(and any successor provisions), and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner that gives effect to such intent. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Assignee (except as
contemplated by Section 2.24), the Assignees completed administrative questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder) and all applicable tax forms, the processing and recordation fee referred
to in paragraph (b) of this Section 10.6 (unless waived by the Administrative Agent) and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 10.6, the
Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and promptly record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as
provided in this paragraph. 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of or notice to any Person, in compliance with applicable
law, sell participations (other than to any Disqualified Institution in accordance with the last sentence of this paragraph or a natural person) to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant), in all or a portion of such
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided, that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly
with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this
Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided, that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment,
modification or waiver that (1) requires the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby or requires the consent of each lender, in each case pursuant to the proviso to Section 10.1(a), and
(2) directly and adversely affects such 

108 

Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 10.6, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.20 and
2.21 (if such Participant agrees to have related obligations thereunder (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.20 shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as
if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 10.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall be permitted to sell participations under this Agreement to
any Disqualified Institutions without the written consent of the Borrower. 

(ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to
receive any greater payment under Section 2.20 or 2.21 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation
to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent to such greater amounts. No Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.20 unless such Participant complies with
Section 2.20(e), (g) or (j), as (and to the extent) applicable, as if such Participant were a Lender (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.20 shall be
delivered to the participating Lender). 

(iii) Each Lender that sells a participation, acting solely for U.S. federal
income tax purposes as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a register complying with the requirements of Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and the
Treasury Regulations issued thereunder on which it enters the name and addresses of each Participant, and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Commitments, Loans or other obligations under this
Agreement (individually and collectively, the Participant Register); provided, that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any
Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that the relevant parties, acting reasonably and in good faith, determine that
such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under the Code or Treasury Regulations, including without limitation Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations, or is otherwise required thereunder. Unless otherwise required by the IRS, any disclosure required by the foregoing sentence shall be made by the relevant Lender directly and solely to the IRS. The entries in
the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any
notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (it its capacity as such) shall have no responsibility for maintaining any Participant Register. 

(d) Any Lender may, without the consent of or notice to the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at any time pledge or assign a security
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority, and this
Section 10.6 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided, that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or
substitute any such pledgee or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(e) [Reserved]. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g)
[Reserved]. 

109 

(h) [Reserved]. 

(i) None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Affiliate of the foregoing may acquire by assignment, participation or otherwise any
right to or interest in any of the Commitments or Loans hereunder (and any attempted acquisition shall be null and void). 

(j) [Reserved].

(k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the replacement of any Lender pursuant to
Section 2.24 shall be deemed an assignment pursuant to Section 10.6(b) and shall be valid and in full force and effect for all purposes under this Agreement. 

(l) Any assignor of a Loan or Commitment or seller of a participation hereunder shall be entitled to rely conclusively on a representation of
the Assignee Lender or purchaser of such participation in the relevant Assignment and Assumption or participation agreement, as applicable, that such Assignee or purchaser is not a Disqualified Institution. None of the Agents shall have any
responsibility or liability for monitoring the list or identities of, or enforcing provisions relating to, Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to
ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or
Commitments, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. 

10.7 Adjustments; Set off. 

(a) Except to the extent that this Agreement provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender, if any Lender (a Benefited
Lender) shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by setoff, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature
referred to in Section 8.1(f), or otherwise) in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lenders Obligations, such Benefited Lender
shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of each such other Lenders Obligations, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such
Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders; provided, however, that (i) if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such
Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest and (ii) the provisions of this Section 10.7 shall not be construed
to apply to any payment made by any Loan Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or
Commitments to any Assignee or participant. 

(b) Subject to the Orders and the last paragraph of Section VII, in addition to any
rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any amount becoming
due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) after the expiration of any cure or grace periods, to set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or
special, time or demand, provisional or final but excluding trust accounts), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at
any time held or owing by such Lender or any Affiliate, branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and
application made by such Lender; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

110 

10.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to
this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic (i.e.,
pdf or tiff) transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. 

10.9 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

10.10 Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent
the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

10.11
GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTSAND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT
OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORKAND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW
OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.

10.12 Submission to Jurisdiction;
Waivers. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and its Property in any legal action or
proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and, if the Bankruptcy Court does not have, or abstains from jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York
for the County of New York (the New York Supreme Court), and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Federal District Court and, together with the New York Supreme Court, the
New York Courts), and appellate courts from any of them; provided, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or operate to preclude (i) any Agent from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other
jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations (in which case any party shall be entitled to assert any claim or defense, including any claim or defense that this Section 10.12 would
otherwise require to be asserted in a legal action or proceeding in a New York Court), or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, (ii) any party from bringing any legal action or
proceeding in any jurisdiction for the recognition and enforcement of any judgment and (iii) if all such New York Courts decline jurisdiction 

111 

over any Person, or decline (or in the case of the Federal District Court, lack) jurisdiction over any subject matter of such action or proceeding, a legal action or proceeding may be brought
with respect thereto in another court having jurisdiction; 

(b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in the New York
Courts and appellate courts from either of them, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and
agrees not to plead or claim the same; 

(c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a
copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to it at its address set forth in Section 10.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have
been notified pursuant thereto; 

(d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner
permitted by law; and 

(e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal
action or proceeding referred to in this Section 10.12 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages (provided, that such waiver shall not limit the indemnification obligations of the Loan Parties to the
extent such special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages are included in any third party claim with respect to which the applicable Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under Section 10.5). 

10.13 Acknowledgments. The Borrower hereby acknowledges on behalf of itself and each Loan Party that: 

(a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b) neither the Agents nor any Lender has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between the Agents and Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower and Loan Parties, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of
debtor and creditor; 

(c) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the
transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among the Borrower, Loan Parties and the Lenders; 

(d) no advisory or agency
relationship between it and any Agent or Lender (in their capacities as such) is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or in any other Loan Document; 

(e) the Agents and the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower and other Loan Parties, on the other hand, have an arms-length business
relationship; 

(f) the Borrower and each Loan Party is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms,
risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; 

112 

(g) each of the Agents and the Lenders is engaged in a broad range of transactions that may
involve interests that differ from the interests of the Borrower and other Loan Parties and none of the Agents or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Borrower or any other Loan Party by virtue of any
advisory or agency relationship; and 

(h) none of the Agents or the Lenders (in their capacities as such) has advised the Borrower or Loan
Parties as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction (including the validity, enforceability, perfection or avoidability of any aspect of any of the transactions contemplated hereby under applicable law,
including the Bankruptcy Code or any consents needed in connection therewith), and none of the Agents or the Lenders (in their capacities as such) shall have any responsibility or liability to the Borrower or any Loan Party with respect thereto and
the Borrower and each Loan Party has consulted with its own advisors regarding the foregoing to the extent it has deemed appropriate. 

To
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Agents and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection
with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby or in any other Loan Document. 

10.14 Confidentiality. Each of the Agents
and the Lenders agree to treat any and all information, regardless of the medium or form of communication, that is disclosed, provided or furnished, directly or indirectly, by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (including any potential amendments, modifications or waivers, or any request therefor), whether furnished before or after the Closing Date (Confidential Information), as
strictly confidential and not to use Confidential Information for any purpose other than evaluating the Transactions and negotiating, making available and administering this Agreement, the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby (the Agreed Purposes). Without limiting the foregoing, each Agent and each Lender agrees to treat any and all Confidential Information with adequate means to preserve its confidentiality, and each Agent and each Lender
agrees not to disclose Confidential Information, at any time, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, to any other Person whomsoever, except: 

(1) to each such Person and its and its Affiliates controlling persons, partners that are natural persons, members that
are natural persons, directors, officers, employees, counsel, advisors, trustees, agents (including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors), including any numbering, administration or settlement service providers and in each case, and their
Affiliates (collectively, the Representatives), to the extent necessary to permit such Representatives to assist in connection with the Agreed Purposes (it being understood that the Representatives to whom such disclosure is made
will be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and instructed to keep such Confidential Information confidential); 

(2) to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.6(d) and prospective Lenders and participants in
connection with secondary trading of the DIP Facility and Commitments and Loans hereunder (excluding any Disqualified Institution), in each case who are informed of the confidential nature of the information and agree to observe and be bound by
standard confidentiality terms at least as favorable to the Borrower and its Affiliates as those contained in this Section 10.14; 

(3) to any party or prospective party (or their advisors) to this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Assignees
and prospective Assignees, participants or prospective participants) or any swap, derivative or similar transaction under which payments are made by 

113 

reference to the Borrower and the Obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, in each case who are informed of the confidential nature of the information and agree to observe and be bound
by standard confidentiality terms at least as favorable to the Borrower and its Affiliates as those contained in this Section 10.14; 

(4) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority having or purporting to have jurisdiction over it; 

(5) in response to any order of any Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law
(including to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations, pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law, rule or
regulation or compulsory legal process or by any subpoena or similar legal process), provided, that in the case of clauses (4) and (5), the disclosing Agent or Lender, as applicable, agrees, to the extent practicable and
not prohibited by applicable Requirement of Law or process, to notify the Borrower prior to such disclosure (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising
examination or regulatory authority); 

(6) to the extent reasonably required or necessary, in connection with any
litigation or similar proceeding relating to the DIP Facility, including to the Bankruptcy Court in connection with the approval of the Transactions or any other transactions related hereto and thereto; 

(7) information that has been publicly disclosed or becomes publicly available or is received by such Person from a third party
other than by reason of improper disclosure by such Person or any of its Affiliates or any related parties thereto other than in breach of this Section 10.14; 

(8) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating
agency that requires access to information about a Lenders investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender or in connection with examinations or audits of such Lender or to market data collectors, similar
service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Agents and Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments; 

(9) in connection with the exercise of any remedy under the Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to the
enforcement of its rights hereunder or thereunder; provided, that the recipient is informed of the confidential nature of the information; 

(10) to the extent the Borrower has consented to such disclosure in writing; 

(11) to any other party to this Agreement or any of its Affiliates; 

(12) to the extent that such information is received from a third party that is not, to such Agent or Lenders knowledge,
subject to contractual or fiduciary confidentiality obligations owing to the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties; 

(13) to the extent that such information is already in the possession of the Agent or Lender prior to any duty or other
undertaking of confidentiality or independently developed by such Agent or Lender without use of the Confidential Information; 

114 

(14) for purposes of establishing a due diligence defense; or

(15) by the Administrative Agent to the extent reasonably required or necessary to obtain a CUSIP for any Loans or
Commitment hereunder, to the CUSIP Service Bureau. 

Each Agent and each Lender acknowledges that (i) Confidential Information
includes information that is not otherwise publicly available and that such non-public information may constitute confidential business information which is proprietary to the Borrower and/or its Affiliates
and (ii) the Borrower has advised the Agents and the Lenders that it is relying on the Confidential Information for its success and would not disclose the Confidential Information to the Agents and the Lenders without the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement. All information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement will be syndicate-level information,
which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities. Accordingly, each Lender represents to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent that it has identified in its administrative questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain material non-public information in accordance with its compliance
procedures and applicable law, including federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Assignment and Assumption, the provisions of this
Section 10.14 shall survive with respect to each Agent and Lender until the second anniversary of such Agent or Lender ceasing to be an Agent or a Lender, respectively. 

Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information as provided in this Section 10.14
shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information as such Person would accord its own confidential information.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Confidential Information shall not include, with respect to any Person, information available to it or its Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other
than the Borrower, (ii) each Agent shall not be responsible for compliance with this Section 10.14 by any Person (other than its officers, directors or employees), (iii) in no event shall any Lender or any Agent be
obligated or required to return any materials furnished by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (iv) each Agent and each Lender may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the information about this Agreement to the CUSIP Service
Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the facilities, market data collectors, similar services providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Agents and the
Lenders in connection with the administration, settlement and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

10.15 Release
of Collateral and Guarantee Obligations. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document,
upon request of the Borrower in connection with any Disposition of Property permitted by the Loan Documents (including by way of merger and including any assets transferred to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in a transaction permitted by this
Agreement) or any Loan Party becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (other than pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof) or ceasing to be a Subsidiary (as used in this Section 10.15, ceasing to be a
Subsidiary with respect to any Loan Party shall mean that no Loan Party or Affiliate thereof shall have retained any direct or indirect equity interests in such Person), all Liens and Guarantees on such assets or all assets of such Excluded
Subsidiary or former Subsidiary shall automatically terminate and the Collateral Agent shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Lender being required) execute and deliver all releases reasonably necessary or desirable requested by
Borrower in writing (i) to evidence the release of Liens created in any Collateral being Disposed of in such Disposition (including any assets of any Loan Party that becomes an Excluded Subsidiary) or of

115 

such Excluded Subsidiary or former Subsidiary, as applicable, (ii) to provide notices of the termination of the assignment of any Property for which an assignment had been made pursuant to
any of the Loan Documents which is being Disposed of in such Disposition or of such Excluded Subsidiary or former Subsidiary, as applicable, and (iii) to release the Guarantee and any other obligations under any Loan Document of any Person
being Disposed of in such Disposition or which becomes an Excluded Subsidiary or former Subsidiary, as applicable; provided, that at the request of any Agent, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the applicable
Agent certifying that the Disposition is permitted by the Loan Documents. Any representation, warranty or covenant contained in any Loan Document relating to any such Property so Disposed of (other than Property Disposed of to the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries) or of a Loan Party which becomes an Excluded Subsidiary or former Subsidiary, as applicable, shall no longer be deemed to be repeated once such Property is so Disposed of. In addition, upon the reasonable request of the Borrower in
connection with (A) any Lien of the type permitted by Section 7.3(g) on Excluded Collateral to secure Indebtedness to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(c) (or pursuant to
Section 7.2(d) or 7.2(g)if such Indebtedness is of the type that is contemplated by Section 7.2(c)) if the holder of such Lien so requires, (B) any Lien of the type permitted by
Sections 7.3(p) to the extent the obligations giving rise to such permitted Lien prohibit (or require the release of) the security interest of the Collateral Agent thereon, or (C) the ownership of joint ventures or other entities
qualifying under clause (ii) of the definition of Excluded Equity Securities, the Collateral Agent shall execute and deliver all releases necessary or desirable requested by Borrower in writing to evidence that no Liens exist on such Excluded
Collateral under the Loan Documents. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Loan Document, when all
Obligations (other than any contingent or indemnification obligations not then due) have been paid in full and all Commitments have terminated or expired, upon the request of the Borrower, all Liens and Guarantee Obligations under any Loan Documents
shall automatically terminate and the Collateral Agent shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Lender being required) take such actions as shall be required to release its security interest in all Collateral, and to release all
Guarantee Obligations under any Loan Document, whether or not on the date of such release there may be contingent or indemnification obligations not then due. Any such release of Guarantee Obligations shall be deemed subject to the provision that
such Guarantee Obligations shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy,
dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Borrower or any Subsidiary
Guarantor or any substantial part of its Property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 

10.16 [Reserved].

10.17 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) AND FOR ANY
COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.

10.18 USA PATRIOT ACT. The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that
pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Publ. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the USA Patriot Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan
Parties, which information includes the name and address of such 

116 

Loan Parties and other information that will allow the Administrative Agent or such Lender to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the USA Patriot Act, and the Borrower agrees to provide
such information from time to time to any Lender or Agent reasonably promptly upon request from such Lender or Agent. 

10.19 Orders
Control. To the extent that any specific provision of the Loan Documents is inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. To the extent that any specific provision hereof or in any other Loan Document
is inconsistent with any of the Orders, the Interim Order or Final Order (as applicable) shall control. 

10.20 Interest Rate
Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts that are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law
(collectively, the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable
law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in
respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 10.20 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased
(but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

10.21 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required
(including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then
(a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and
(b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such
demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in
full of the Obligations, the termination of this Agreement and the resignation of Administrative Agent. 

10.22 Electronic Execution of
Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions, amendments or other notices of borrowing, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment
terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or
the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and
Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic
signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 

117 

10.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of
Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees
to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such
liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the
effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(A)
a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(B) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such
liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(C) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the
applicable Resolution Authority. 

10.24 Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof. 

[REMAINDER OF
PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

118 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to
be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

CUTERA, INC.,

as the
Borrower

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

[________],

as a
Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d878024dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

Execution Version 

BACKSTOP COMMITMENT AGREEMENT 

AMONG 

CUTERA, INC.,

AND 

THE
COMMITMENT PARTIES NAMED HEREIN AND 

THE DIRECT ALLOCATION PARTIES NAMED HEREIN 

Dated as of March 4, 2025 

Table of Contents 

Page 

1. Rights Offering; Rights Offering Commitment and Backstop
Commitments 3 

1.1. The Rights Offering and Rights Offering Commitment. 3 

1.2. Direct Allocation 3 

1.3. Cash-Out Offering 4 

1.4. Backstop Commitments 4 

1.5. Funding; Defaulting Commitment Party Provisions 5 

1.6. No Fractional Shares 7 

1.7. Put Option Premium 8 

2. Closing; Certain Expenses and Payments 9 

2.1. Closing 9 

2.2. Interest; Costs and Expenses 10 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company 10 

3.1. Organization of the Company Entities 11 

3.2. Organization and Capitalization 11 

3.3. Authority; No Conflict; Consents 12 

3.4. Proceedings 14 

3.5. Brokers or Finders 14 

3.6. Exemption from Registration 14 

3.7. Issuance 14 

3.8. No Violation 14 

3.9. Licenses and Permits 15 

3.10. Compliance with Anti-Corruption, International Trade, and Money
Laundering 15 

3.11. Material Contracts 16 

3.12. Financial Statements; Internal Controls 17 

3.13. Company SEC Documents 18 

3.14. Clinical Trials 18 

3.15. Compliance with Health Care Laws 19 

3.16. Post-Market Reporting Obligations 19 

3.17. No Shutdowns or Prohibitions 19 

3.18. Data Privacy and Security Laws 19 

3.19. No Safety Notices 20 

3.20. Pre-Market Approvals 20 

3.21. Other Regulatory Matters 21 

3.22. Title to Real and Personal Property 21 

3.23. Tax Matters 22 

3.24. Labor and Employment Compliance 23 

3.25. Investment Company Act 24 

3.26. Disclosure Statement 24 

3.27. Insurance 24 

3.28. Environmental Matters 25 

3.29. Intellectual Property 25 

3.30. Benefit Plans 26 

i 

Table of Contents 

Page 

3.31. Absence of Certain Changes 28 

4. Representations and Warranties of the Commitment Parties 28 

4.1. Organization of Such Commitment Party 29 

4.2. Authority; No Conflict 29 

4.3. Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Direct Allocation
Share, and Cash-Out Issued Equity Not Registered 30 

4.4. Acquisition for Own Account 30 

4.5. Eligible Commitment Party 30 

4.6. Voteable Claims 30 

4.7. No Brokers Fees 31 

4.8. Arms Length 31 

4.9. Sufficiency of Funds 31 

5. Covenants of the Company 31 

5.1. Approval of this Agreement 31 

5.2. Conditions Precedent 31 

5.3. Notification 32 

5.4. Use of Proceeds 32 

5.5. HSR Act and Foreign Regulatory Filings 32 

5.6. Milestones 33 

5.7. Conduct of Business 33 

5.8. Private Company. 34 

5.9. Opportunity to Cure 35 

5.10. Company RSA Covenants 35 

6. Covenants of the Commitment Parties 35 

6.1. Conditions Precedent 35 

6.2. Commitment Party RSA Covenants 35 

7. Conditions to Closing 36 

7.1. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of the Commitment Parties 36 

7.2. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of the Company 39 

8. Termination 40 

9. Indemnification 44 

10. Survival 46 

11. Amendments and Waivers 46 

12. Notices, etc. 48 

13. Miscellaneous 49 

13.1. Assignments 49 

13.2. Severability 50 

13.3. Entire Agreement 50 

13.4. Counterparts 50 

13.5. Governing Law 51 

ii 

Table of Contents 

Page 

13.6. Submission to Jurisdiction 51 

13.7. Waiver of Trial by Jury; Waiver of Certain Damages 51 

13.8. Further Assurances 51 

13.9. Specific Performance 52 

13.10. Headings 52 

13.11. Interpretation; Rules of Construction 52 

13.12. Several, Not Joint, Obligations 52 

13.13. Disclosure 52 

13.14. No Recourse Party 53 

13.15. Settlement Discussions 53 

13.16. No Third Party Beneficiaries 53 

13.17. Arms Length 53 

14. Definitions 53 

14.1. Definitions in the RSA 53 

14.2. Certain Defined Terms 54 

14.3. Index of Certain Defined Terms 63 

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Commitment Parties; Backstop Premium

Schedule 2 Direct Allocation Parties; Direct Allocation Premium

Company Disclosure Schedules

iii 

THIS BACKSTOP COMMITMENT AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated,
or otherwise modified from time to time, together with any schedules, exhibits, and annexes hereto, this Agreement) is entered into as of March 4, 2025 (the Execution Date), by and among (a) Cutera, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (including as a debtor-in-possession in the Chapter 11 Case (as defined below) and as a reorganized debtor, and including reorganized Cutera, as
applicable, the Company), (b) each of the Backstop Parties named on the signature pages hereto (each, a Backstop Party and, collectively, the Backstop
Parties), and (c) each of the Direct Allocation Parties named on the signature pages hereto (each, a Direct Allocation Party and, collectively, the Direct Allocation Parties).
The Backstop Parties and the Direct Allocation Parties are sometimes referred to herein, collectively, as the Commitment Parties and each, a Commitment Party and, as the context requires, refer to the designees
named on Schedule 1 and Schedule 2 hereto, respectively. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined or referenced in Section 14 hereof. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
the Company, Crystal Sub, LLC, and the Commitment Parties (and/or certain of their Affiliates) have entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2025 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated, or otherwise modified
from time to time, together with any schedules, exhibits, and annexes thereto, the RSA), which provides for restructuring and recapitalization transactions with respect to the Companys capital structure as set forth in the
RSA; 

WHEREAS, on or before March 5, 2025 (the date of actual filing, the Petition Date), following the
execution and delivery of the RSA by the parties thereto, the Company (the Debtor) shall commence a voluntary reorganization case (the Chapter 11 Case) under chapter 11 of title 11
of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 1011532 (as amended, the Bankruptcy Code), in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the Bankruptcy Court); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to (and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in) the RSA and the Plan, the Company will conduct an equity
rights offering, on the terms set forth in the Plan, the Rights Offering Procedures, and this Agreement (the Rights Offering), by distributing subscription rights (Subscription Rights) to each Rights Offering
Participant to purchase shares of Reorganized Common Equity (the Rights Offering Securities) on the Plan Effective Date, which shall be offered as described in the Rights Offering Procedures to all Rights Offering Participants, at
a price for each Rights Offering Security equal to the Purchase Price and an aggregate Purchase Price for all Rights Offering Securities of $16,500,000 (the Rights Offering Amount); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to (and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in) this Agreement, the RSA, and the Plan, each of the Direct
Allocation Parties desires to accept from the Company and the Company desires to issue to each of the Direct Allocation Parties on the Plan Effective Date, shares of Reorganized Common Equity (such shares of Reorganized Common Equity, the
Direct Allocation Shares) at a price for each Direct Allocation Share of $7.55 (the Direct Allocation Purchase Price) and an aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price for all Direct Allocation Shares of
$13,500,000 (the Direct Allocation Amount); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to (and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in) this
Agreement, the RSA and the Plan, on the Plan Effective Date, each Direct Allocation Party shall purchase or cause to be purchased, at the Direct Allocation Purchase Price, a number of Direct Allocation Shares equal to its Direct Allocation
Commitment Percentage of the total number of Direct Allocation Shares issued by the Company on the Plan Effective Date (the Aggregate Direct Allocation Shares); 

WHEREAS, in order to facilitate the Rights Offering, pursuant to this Agreement, and subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations
set forth herein, and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each of the Backstop Parties, severally and not jointly, has agreed to (a) provide the Company with the right to require such Backstop Party to subscribe
for and purchase, and upon exercise of such right by the Company, such Backstop Party shall be obligated to subscribe for and purchase (or cause to be subscribed for and purchased) all of the Rights Offering Securities with respect to the
Subscription Rights that have been distributed and issued to such Backstop Party or its Affiliates in the Rights Offering, in accordance with the Rights Offering Procedures and the terms of this Agreement and (b) provide the Company with the
right to require such Backstop Party to purchase, and upon exercise of such right by the Company, such Backstop Party will be obligated to purchase (or cause to be purchased) from the Company, on the Plan Effective Date, such Backstop Partys
Backstop Commitment Percentage of the Rights Offering Securities that have not been validly subscribed for in the Rights Offering by the Subscription Form and Funding Deadline (collectively, including, without duplication, the Unallocated
Securities, but excluding any Rights Offering Securities that are subject to the Rights Offering Commitments, the Unsubscribed Securities); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Plan, each Cash-Out Offering Participant will have the option to elect
to receive a convenience cash payment (the Cash-Out Offering) in lieu of both the Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights to have been received on account of such Senior Notes
Claims, by distributing rights (Cash-Out Rights) to each Cash-Out Offering Participant to receive cash on the Plan Effective Date in exchange for the
Reorganized Common Equity such Cash-Out Offering Participant would have otherwise received pursuant to its treatment under Section 3.3(c)(iii)(1)(A) of the Plan (the Cash-Out Securities), which shall be offered as described in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures to all Cash-Out Offering Participants at a price for
each Cash-Out Security of $5.00 (the Cash-Out Price) at an aggregate Cash-Out Price of no greater than
$7,040,000 (the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap and, together with the Rights Offering Amount, the Total Offering Amount); provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, that any Cash-Out Offering Participant that exercises its Subscription Rights may not exercise its Cash-Out Rights; 

WHEREAS, in order to facilitate the Cash-Out Offering, pursuant to this Agreement, and subject
to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth herein, and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth herein, (i) each of the Backstop Parties, severally and not jointly, has agreed (a) to fund such Backstop
Partys Backstop Commitment Percentage of the aggregate Cash-Out Price to be paid for all Cash-Out Securities that are elected to be
cashed-out by the Cash-Out Offering Participants pursuant to the Cash-Out Offering by the
Cash-Out Deadline in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (collectively, the Sold Cash-Out Securities) and (b) to not exercise its Cash-Out Rights and (ii) the Company has agreed to issue Reorganized Common Equity equal to the amount of Reorganized Common Equity that would have otherwise been issued on account of the Sold Cash-Out Securities (the Cash-Out Issued Equity) to the applicable Backstop Parties in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan. 

2 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations,
warranties and covenants set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration the Company and the Commitment Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Rights Offering; Rights Offering Commitment and Backstop Commitments. 

1.1. The Rights Offering and Rights Offering Commitment.

(a) The Company shall conduct and consummate the Rights Offering on the terms, subject to the conditions, and in accordance with the Rights
Offering Procedures and otherwise on the applicable terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Plan, and the RSA. 

(b) On the
terms, and subject to the conditions (including the entry of the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court and the Confirmation Order becoming a Final Order) and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the RSA, and the Rights Offering Procedures,
and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, each of the Backstop Parties hereby agrees, severally and not jointly, to subscribe for and purchase, or cause to be subscribed for and purchased, from the Company on
the Plan Effective Date at the aggregate Purchase Price therefor, all of the Rights Offering Securities with respect to the Subscription Rights that have been distributed and issued to such Backstop Party (or its applicable Affiliates) in the Rights
Offering, to the extent that such Backstop Party continues to hold Senior Notes and Subscription Rights immediately prior to the applicable subscription deadlines set forth in the Rights Offering Procedures, in accordance with the Rights Offering
Procedures (such agreements of the Backstop Parties, the Rights Offering Commitments). The Rights Offering Commitments of the Backstop Parties set forth in this Section 1.1(b) are several, not joint,
obligations of the Backstop Parties, such that no Backstop Party shall be liable or otherwise responsible for the Rights Offering Commitment of any other Backstop Party. 

(c) The Backstop Parties (or their applicable Affiliates) shall be required to make payment, or cause payment to be made, in respect of the
Rights Offering Securities purchased pursuant to the Rights Offering on or before the Deposit Deadline. 

1.2. Direct
Allocation. 

(a) Pursuant to (and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in) this Agreement, the RSA and the Plan, and in
reliance of the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, each of the Direct Allocation Parties hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase and accept, or cause to be subscribed for, purchased and accepted, and the Company hereby
agrees to issue and deliver to each of the Direct Allocation Parties, a number of Direct Allocation Shares equal to such Direct Allocation Partys Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage of the Aggregate Direct Allocation Shares in exchange for
the Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price set forth opposite such Direct Allocation Partys name on Schedule 2 attached hereto (such agreement of the Direct Allocation Parties, the Direct Allocation Commitments).
The Direct Allocation Commitments of the Direct Allocation Parties set forth in this Section 1.2(a) are several, not joint, obligations of the Direct Allocation Parties, such that no Direct Allocation Party shall be liable
or otherwise responsible for the Direct Allocation Commitment of any other Direct Allocation Party. 

3 

(b) The Direct Allocation Parties (or their applicable Affiliates) shall be required to make
payment or cause payment to be made in respect of the Direct Allocation Shares purchased or caused to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement on or before the Deposit Deadline. 

1.3. Cash-Out Offering. The Company shall conduct and consummate the Cash-Out Offering on the terms, subject to the conditions, and in accordance with the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and otherwise on the applicable terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the
Plan, and the RSA. 

1.4. Backstop Commitments. 

(a) Rights Offering Backstop Commitments. On the terms, and subject to the conditions (including the entry of the Confirmation Order by
the Bankruptcy Court and the Confirmation Order each becoming a Final Order) and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the RSA, and the Rights Offering Procedures, and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement,
each of the Backstop Parties hereby agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase, or cause to be purchased, from the Company, on the Plan Effective Date, at the aggregate Purchase Price therefor, its Backstop Commitment Percentage of all
Unsubscribed Securities (such agreements of the Backstop Parties, the RO Backstop Commitments). The RO Backstop Commitments of the Backstop Parties are several, not joint, obligations of the Backstop Parties, such that no Backstop
Party shall be liable or otherwise responsible for the RO Backstop Commitment of any other Backstop Party. The Unsubscribed Securities that each of the Backstop Parties is required to purchase, or cause to be purchased, pursuant to this
Section 1.4(a) are referred to herein as such Backstop Partys Backstop Commitment Securities. The right to require each Backstop Party, severally and not jointly, to (i) subscribe for and
purchase, or cause to be subscribed for and purchased, Rights Offering Securities as set forth in Section 1.1(b) and (ii) purchase, or cause to be purchased, Unsubscribed Securities as set forth in this
Section 1.4(a), are collectively referred to as the RO Put Option. The RO Put Option shall automatically and irrevocably be deemed to have been exercised by the Company upon the occurrence of the Plan
Effective Date, without the need for delivery of a written notice or the taking of any further action by the Company or any other Person. 

(b) Cash-Out Backstop Commitments. On the terms, and subject to the conditions (including the
entry of the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court and the Confirmation Order each becoming a Final Order) and limitations set forth in this Agreement, the RSA, and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures, and in reliance on the
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, each of the Backstop Parties hereby agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase, or cause to be purchased from the Company, on the Plan Effective Date, its Backstop Commitment Percentage
of the Cash-Out Issued Equity by funding, or causing to be funded, to the Company, its Backstop Commitment Percentage of the aggregate Cash-Out Price (such agreements of
the Backstop Parties, the Cash-Out Backstop Commitments and, together with the RO Backstop Commitments, the Backstop Commitments). The
Cash-Out Backstop Commitments of the Backstop Parties are several, not 

4 

joint, obligations of the Backstop Parties, such that no Backstop Party shall be liable or otherwise responsible for the Cash-Out Backstop Commitment of
any other Backstop Party. The funding that each of the Backstop Parties is required to provide to fund the Cash-Out Offering pursuant to this Section 1.4(b) is referred to herein as
such Backstop Partys Cash-Out Funding. The rights to require each Backstop Party, severally and not jointly, to provide, or cause to be provided, the
Cash-Out Funding to the Company pursuant to this Section 1.4(b) in exchange for each Backstop Partys right to receive from the Company the
Cash-Out Issued Equity are collectively referred to as the Cash-Out Put Option and, together with the RO Put Option, the Put
Option. The Cash-Out Put Option shall automatically and irrevocably be deemed to have been exercised by the Company upon the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date without the need for delivery of a
written notice or the taking of any further action by the Company or any other Person. 

1.5. Funding; Defaulting Commitment Party
Provisions

(a) The Company hereby agrees to deliver to each Commitment Party, by e-mail,
a certification by an executive officer of the Company (the Backstop Certificate) of (i)(A) if there are Unsubscribed Securities or Sold Cash-Out Securities, the amount thereof and a true
and accurate calculation of the aggregate Purchase Price and Cash-Out Price in its capacity as a Backstop Party, if any, respectively, therefor or (B) if there are no Unsubscribed Securities or Sold Cash-Out Securities, the fact that there are no Unsubscribed Securities or Sold Cash-Out Securities, respectively, (ii) the Aggregate Rights Offering Purchase Price
(defined below) in its capacity as a Backstop Party, if any, (iii) the Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price (defined below) in its capacity as a Direct Allocation Party, if any, (iv) the anticipated Plan Effective Date, and
(v) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the anticipated Plan Effective Date (the Deposit Deadline). The Backstop Certificate shall be delivered by the Company to each of the Commitment Parties at least five
(5) Business Days prior to the Deposit Deadline. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time after delivering the Backstop Certificate but prior to the Deposit Deadline, the Company reasonably believes the anticipated Plan Effective Date will
be later than the date set forth in the Backstop Certificate or in any subsequent notice, the Company shall deliver, by e-mail, a notice to each Commitment Party of such new anticipated Plan Effective Date,
and the Deposit Deadline shall automatically be deemed to be the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to such new date. 

(b) On
or prior to the Deposit Deadline, each Commitment Party, as applicable, shall, severally and not jointly, deposit (or cause to be deposited) with the Subscription Agent, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, (i) in its capacity as a
Backstop Party, an amount equal to the aggregate Purchase Price for such Backstop Partys Backstop Commitment Securities (such Backstop Partys Aggregate Backstop Purchase Price), (ii) in its capacity as a Direct
Allocation Party, an amount equal to the aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price for such Direct Allocation Partys Direct Allocation Commitment (such Direct Allocation Partys Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase
Price), (iii) in its capacity as a Backstop Party, an amount equal to the aggregate Purchase Price in respect of the Rights Offering Securities that it has subscribed for or caused to be subscribed for in the Rights Offering (such Backstop
Partys Aggregate Rights Offering Purchase Price), and (iv) in its capacity as a Backstop Party, an amount equal to such Backstop Partys Cash-Out Funding. If the Closing has
not occurred on or prior to the date that is three (3) Business Days after the anticipated Plan Effective Date as set forth in the Backstop Certificate (or in any subsequent notice delivered pursuant to Section 1.5(a)
hereof), any funds deposited or caused to be deposited with the Subscription Agent by a Commitment Party shall be returned by the Subscription Agent to an account designated by such Commitment Party upon written request of such Commitment Party;
provided, that the date of such return may be extended in the sole discretion of the Requisite Commitment Parties. 

5 

(c) In the event that a Commitment Party defaults (a Funding Default) on
its obligation to deposit or cause to be deposited any portion of its Aggregate Purchase Price with the Subscription Agent by the Deposit Deadline pursuant to Section 1.5(b) hereof (each such Commitment Party, a
Defaulting Commitment Party), the Company shall promptly provide written notice (the Funding Default Notice) to each Non-Defaulting Commitment Party specifying the amount
of Rights Offering Securities, Direct Allocation Shares, Backstop Commitment Securities, and/or Cash-Out Funding subject to such Funding Default (collectively, the Default Securities) and
each applicable Non-Defaulting Commitment Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to irrevocably notify the Company in writing of its election (within two (2) Business Days of receipt of the
Funding Default Notice) to make arrangements to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased from the Company (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding subject to such Funding Default, to fund to the Company to
purchase), at the aggregate Purchase Price or Cash-Out Price therefor, all or any portion of the Default Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon by such electing
Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties, or if no such agreement is reached, based on (i) each Non-Defaulting Commitment Partys Adjusted Backstop Commitment
Percentage, with respect to any Backstop Commitment Securities, Rights Offering Securities, and Cash-Out Funding and (ii) each Non-Defaulting Commitment
Partys Adjusted Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage, with respect to any Direct Allocation Shares. 

(d) In the event that Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties have not provided elections to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased all applicable Default Securities (or, with respect to any
Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) in accordance with Section 1.5(c), the Company may elect to solicit and sell, during a period of ten (10) Business Days
thereafter (unless this Agreement is terminated during such ten (10) Business Day period in accordance with its terms), any remaining unsubscribed Default Securities, at the same price and on substantially the same terms as were agreed by the
Commitment Parties, to one or more third party purchasers (each, as Substitute Purchaser) approved by the Requisite Commitment Parties, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided that, except as otherwise
set forth in this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Requisite Commitment Parties, any such Substitute Purchaser shall not be deemed to become a Commitment Party under this Agreement or be entitled to any rights of a Commitment Party hereunder,
other than the right to receive its relative portion of the Put Option Premium; providedfurther that (i) the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly provide information reasonably requested by the Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties regarding the identity, background, and financial condition of each such Person who is proposed to become a Substitute Purchaser and (ii) any Substitute Purchaser that acquires
Default Securities shall be required to become a party to the New Shareholders Agreement in connection with, and a condition to, its acquisition of Default Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys election to pursue a Substitute
Purchaser, whether or not consummated, shall not relieve any Commitment Party of its obligation to fulfill its obligations under Section 1.5(b). 

6 

(e) As promptly as possible but in no event later than two (2) Business Days following
the solicitation period for Substitute Purchasers set forth in Section 1.5(d), the Company shall notify the Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties that
(x) Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties have elected to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased all (but not less than all) of the Default Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) or (y) Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties have elected to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased a portion (but
less than all) of the Default Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) and one or more Substitute Purchasers have committed to purchase all remaining Default
Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) not purchased or caused to be purchased by the Non-Defaulting Commitment
Parties. No later than two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice from the Company, each Non-Defaulting Commitment Party that has elected to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased Default
Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to deposit or cause to be deposited with the Subscription Agent, by wire
transfer of immediately available funds, an amount equal to the aggregate Purchase Price, Cash-Out Price, and/or aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price, as the case may be, for such Default Securities. If Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties do not elect to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased all of the Default Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund
to the Company to purchase) in accordance with Section 1.5(c) and one or more Substitute Purchasers do not commit to purchase all remaining Default Securities (or, with respect to any
Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) not purchased or caused to be purchased by the Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties in accordance with
Section 1.5(d), then no Non-Defaulting Commitment Party shall be required to deposit or cause to be deposited with the Subscription Agent any portion of the aggregate Purchase Price, Cash-Out Price, and/or aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price for the Default Securities which such Non-Defaulting Commitment Party may have elected to commit to purchase
or cause to be purchased (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) pursuant to Section 1.5(c) unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Requisite
Commitment Parties (and then only on the terms agreed to in writing by the Requisite Commitment Parties). The Default Securities with respect to Backstop Commitment Securities that a Commitment Party elects to purchase or cause to be purchased (or,
with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) pursuant to Section 1.5(c), if any, together with such Commitment Partys Backstop Commitment
Securities, shall be referred to herein as such Commitment Partys Backstop Securities. 

1.6. No Fractional
Shares. Fractional shares of Reorganized Common Equity shall not be issued. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Commitment Party shall be required or have the right to purchase or cause to be purchased or be issued any
fractional shares of Reorganized Common Equity as part of its purchase of Rights Offering Securities, Direct Allocation Shares, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Backstop Securities. If a Commitment Party would
otherwise be required or have the right to purchase or cause to be purchased or be issued Rights Offering Securities, Direct Allocation Shares, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Backstop Securities that includes
a fraction of a share of Reorganized Common Equity, then such number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity shall be rounded upward or downward to the nearest whole share of Reorganized Common Equity and no Commitment Party shall receive any payment
or other distribution in respect of any fraction of a share of Reorganized Common Equity that such Commitment Party does not receive as a result of such a rounding down; provided, however, that

7 

the Company and the Requisite Commitment Parties may determine to round certain allocations up and make such further adjustments as necessary so that the total amount of shares of Reorganized
Common Equity is fixed. For purposes of determining whether a Commitment Party would otherwise receive a fraction of a share of Reorganized Common Equity as described in this paragraph, all Rights Offering Securities, Direct Allocation Shares, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Backstop Securities to be issued to such Commitment Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be aggregated. 

1.7. Put Option Premium. 

(a) The Company and the Commitment Parties hereby acknowledge that, in consideration for the Companys right and obligation to exercise
the Put Option on the Plan Effective Date with respect to the Backstop Commitments and the Direct Allocation Commitments, the Company shall be required to pay (i) to the Backstop Parties (or their designees), as set forth on Schedule 1,
an aggregate amount equal to 10.0% of the Total Offering Amount (collectively, the Backstop Premium) and (ii) to the Direct Allocation Parties, as set forth on Schedule 2, an aggregate amount equal to 10.0% of the
Direct Allocation Amount (collectively, the Direct Allocation Premium) (together, with the Backstop Premium, the Put Option Premium), which shall be paid at the Closing in shares of Reorganized Common Equity
calculated based on the Purchase Price. The Company shall be obligated to issue the Put Option Premium to each Commitment Party (or its designee) on the Plan Effective Date in accordance with instructions provided by each Commitment Party for such
Commitment Party or its designee prior to the Plan Effective Date; provided, however, that if this Agreement is terminated, to the extent provided in Section 8(e), the Put Option Premium shall be required to
be paid to the Commitment Parties (or their designees) in cash (instead of shares of Reorganized Common Equity) as set forth on Schedule 1 and Schedule 2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) no Defaulting Commitment Party shall be
entitled to receive any portion of the Put Option Premium, (B) subject to Section 1.5(c), any Non-Defaulting Commitment Party that purchases or causes to be purchased Default
Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) of a Defaulting Commitment Party shall be entitled to receive an additional portion of the Put Option Premium equal to
the product of (x) the amount of the Put Option Premium that would be payable to such Defaulting Commitment Party pursuant to this Agreement, if such Defaulting Commitment Party had not committed a Funding Default, multiplied by (y) a
fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of Default Securities of such Defaulting Commitment Party which such Non-Defaulting Commitment Party purchases or causes to be purchased (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) and the denominator of which is the total amount of Default Securities constituting Default Securities of such Defaulting Commitment Party and (C) in the
event a Substitute Purchaser purchases any Default Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1.5(d), such Substitute Purchaser shall be entitled to receive, as a premium, an amount equal to the product of (x) the amount of the Put Option Premium that would have been payable to the Defaulting Commitment
Party if such Defaulting Commitment Party had not committed a Funding Default and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of Default Securities of such Defaulting Commitment Party which such Substitute Purchaser purchases (or, with
respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) and the denominator of which is the total amount of Default Securities constituting Default Securities of such Defaulting Commitment Party.

8 

(b) The Company hereby further acknowledges and agrees that the Put Option Premium
(i) shall be fully earned, but not payable, as of the Execution Date, (ii) shall not be refundable under any circumstance or creditable against any other amount paid or to be paid in connection with this Agreement or any of the
Contemplated Transactions or otherwise, (iii) shall be issued or paid without setoff or recoupment and shall not be subject to defense or offset on account of any claim, defense, or counterclaim, (iv) shall be issued or paid free and clear
of and without deduction for any and all present or future applicable Taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto unless otherwise required by applicable Law (with appropriate gross-up for withholding Taxes, other than withholding Taxes resulting from the failure of a Commitment Party to provide applicable tax forms such as an IRS Form W-9 or the
appropriate IRS Form W-8), (v) is intended to be treated for U.S. federal, state, and local income Tax purposes as a premium (and, as applicable, an adjustment to tax basis or adjustment to the proceeds
received) for an option to exercise the Put Option with respect to the Backstop Commitments and the Direct Allocation Commitments and the Company and the other Company Entities shall not take any position or action inconsistent with such treatment
and/or characterization, except pursuant to a determination as defined in Section 1313 of the Code, (vi) is an integral part of the Contemplated Transactions and without this Section 1.7 the Commitment
Parties would not have entered into the RSA or this Agreement, and (vii) shall constitute an allowed super-priority administrative claim against the Debtors estate under sections 503(b) and 507(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code (but expressly
subordinated to the Carve-Out (as such term may be defined in the Interim DIP Order or Final DIP Order)). 

2. Closing; Certain Expenses and Payments. 

2.1. Closing. 

(a) The closing of the purchase, sale, and/or issuance of Backstop Securities, Direct Allocation Shares, and
Cash-Out Issued Equity hereunder and the payment of the Cash-Out Funding for the Sold Cash-Out Securities (the
Closing) will occur on the Plan Effective Date. As soon as practicable after the Closing, the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to each Commitment Party (i) a statement from the transfer agent for the
Reorganized Common Equity reflecting the book-entry position of the Reorganized Common Equity acquired by such Commitment Party, as applicable, (w) under this Agreement pursuant to its Direct Allocation Commitment, (x) under this Agreement
pursuant to its Backstop Commitment, (y) pursuant to the Rights Offering, and (z) pursuant to the Plan and (ii) such certificates, counterparts to agreements, documents, or instruments required to be delivered by the Company to such
Commitment Party pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof. The agreements, instruments, certificates, and other documents to be delivered on the Plan Effective Date by or on behalf of the Company will be delivered via email to
counsel to the Commitment Parties in accordance with Section 12 hereof. 

(b) All Direct Allocation Shares,
Backstop Securities, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and Rights Offering Securities will be delivered free and clear of any and all Encumbrances with any and all issue, stamp, transfer, or similar Taxes or duties
payable in connection with such delivery duly paid by the Company. 

9 

(c) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, any Commitment Party, in its
sole discretion, may designate that some or all of its Direct Allocation Shares, Backstop Securities, Put Option Premium, Rights Offering Securities, or Cash-Out Issued Equity be issued in the name of, and
delivered to, one or more of its Affiliates that (in any such case) is an Accredited Investor or Qualified Institutional Buyer and may cause such Affiliate to fund the Direct Allocation Purchase Price, Purchase Price, or Cash-Out Price, as applicable, in respect of any such Direct Allocation Shares, Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, or Cash-Out Funding. Any such designation
shall be made by a Commitment Party by delivering written notice thereof to the Company no less than two (2) Business Days prior to the Plan Effective Date, which notice shall (i) specify the name of each such Affiliate, (ii) specify
the number of Direct Allocation Shares, Backstop Securities, Put Option Premium, Rights Offering Securities, or Cash-Out Issued Equity that should be issued or delivered to each such Affiliate or the Direct
Allocation Commitment Percentage and/or Backstop Commitment Percentage that will be applicable to such Affiliate, and (iii) contain a certification from each such Affiliate as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by each
Commitment Party in Section 4 hereof as applied to such Affiliate. No designation by a Commitment Party pursuant to this Section 2.1(c) shall relieve such Commitment Party from its obligations
under this Agreement. 

2.2. Interest; Costs and Expenses. To the extent the Company is required to pay the Put
Option Premium in cash pursuant to Section 8(e) hereof, and such payment is not made on or before the date such amount is required to be paid in accordance with Section 8(e) hereof (the
Interest Commencement Date), such amount shall accrue interest on such amount from the Interest Commencement Date to the day such amount is paid, computed at an annual rate equal to the rate of interest which is identified as the
Prime Rate as published in the Money Rates Section of The Wall Street Journal on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, the Company shall promptly pay all Commitment Expenses. Amounts required to be paid by the Company pursuant to
this Section 2.2 (a) shall be paid without setoff or recoupment and shall not be subject to defense or offset on account of any claim, defense, or counterclaim, (b) shall be paid free and clear of and without deduction
for any and all present or future applicable Taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto unless otherwise required by applicable Law and (c) with respect to the Commitment Expenses,
shall constitute allowed administrative expenses against the Debtors estate (but expressly subordinated to the Carve-Out (as such term may be defined in the Interim DIP Order or Final DIP Order)). The
obligations of the Company under this Section 2.2 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule (which shall include the
Schedules referred to in this Section 3) delivered by the Company to the Commitment Parties on the Execution Date and attached to this Agreement (the Company Disclosure Schedule) or as
disclosed in the Company SEC Documents (other than the risk factors and forward-looking statement disclaimers, except for any factual historical statements contained therein), the Company, on behalf of itself and each of the other Company Entities,
hereby makes representations and warranties to the Commitment Parties that are set forth in this Section 3. Each representation and warranty set forth in this Section 3 is made as of the Execution
Date and as of the Plan Effective Date (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, which shall are made as of such date) (subject, in the case representations and warranties made as of the Plan Effective Date, to any
additional disclosures made in any amendment or supplement to the Company Disclosure Schedule (a Company Disclosure Supplement)) delivered to the Commitment Parties; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any such
additional disclosures made after the Execution Date in a Company Disclosure 

10 

Supplement shall not limit or otherwise prejudice or affect any rights of the Commitment Parties or the Consenting Senior Noteholders under this Agreement, the RSA, or any other Definitive
Documents with respect to any representation or warranty made as of the Execution Date or any other specified date prior to the Plan Effective Date, including any termination right under this Agreement or the RSA upon the occurrence of an event or
circumstance permitting termination of this Agreement or the RSA. 

3.1. Organization of the Company Entities. Each Company
Entity is (i) a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity (as the case may be) duly incorporated, organized, or formed (as applicable), validly existing and, (ii) to the extent such concept is recognized, in good standing
under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization, or formation (as applicable), except in each case (other than with respect to the Company and Crystal Sub, LLC) to the extent such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect), and (iii) and has full corporate, limited liability company, or other organization power and authority (as applicable) to conduct its business as it is now conducted. Each Company Entity is duly qualified or
registered to do business as a foreign corporation, limited liability company, or other entity (as applicable) and is in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable) under the Laws of each jurisdiction in which either the ownership or
use of the properties owned or used by it, or the nature of the activities conducted by it, requires such qualification or registration, except where the failure to be so qualified or registered would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to be adverse in any material respect to the Company Entities, taken as a whole. 

3.2. Organization and
Capitalization. 

(a) Schedule 3.2(a) sets forth the name, jurisdiction of incorporation, organization,
or formation (as applicable) of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and a true, correct and complete list of the current holders of record of the Equity Interests of each of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries. Except for the
Companys Subsidiaries and interests in joint ventures set forth on Schedule 3.2(a), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns, holds, or controls any direct or indirect material Equity Interests in any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, or other Person or business. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any Contract to directly or indirectly acquire any direct or indirect Equity Interest in any Person or
business. 

(b) All of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Company and each Subsidiary of the Company are duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and were not issued in breach or violation of, and are not subject to, any preemptive rights created by statute or the Organizational Documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company or
one or more of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, has good and marketable title to all Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries, free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than (i) transfer restrictions imposed under applicable securities Laws and
(ii) with respect to the Execution Date only, Encumbrances that will be removed by operation of the Confirmation Order or the Plan). 

11 

(c) Except for the Equity Interests set forth on Schedule 3.2(a),
there are, and there will be on the Plan Effective Date, no outstanding Equity Interests of the Companys Subsidiaries. There are, and there will be on the Plan Effective Date (other than the New Shareholders Agreement, if any), no
(i) Contracts relating to the issuance, grant, sale, transfer, or registration (including agreements relating to rights of first refusal, co-sale rights, drag-along rights or
registration rights) of any Equity Interests of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any other investor rights, including rights of participation (i.e., pre-emptive rights), co-sale, voting, first refusal, board observation, visitation or information or operational covenants with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) Contracts of the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has granted any registration rights with respect to any of its
Equity Interests. 

(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.2(d) or disclosed in the Company SEC Documents, none of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any outstanding bonds, debentures, notes, or other indebtedness, the holders of which have the right to vote (or which are convertible into or exercisable for, or evidence the right to subscribe for or
acquire, securities having the right to vote) with the holders of the Equity Interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on any matter. 

3.3. Authority; No Conflict; Consents. 

(a) Subject to the entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order and the Confirmation Order, the
Company (i) has or will have at the time of execution, the requisite corporate, limited liability company, or other organizational power and authority (as applicable) (A) to enter into, execute, and deliver this Agreement and the other
Definitive Documents to which it is (or will be) a party, and to enter into, execute, and file with the Bankruptcy Court the Plan and (B) to perform and consummate the Contemplated Transactions, and (ii) has taken, or will have taken at
the time of execution, all necessary corporate, limited liability company, or other organizational action (as applicable) required for (x) the due authorization, execution, and delivery of this Agreement and the other Definitive Documents to
which it is (or will be) a party, (y) the due authorization, execution, and filing with the Bankruptcy Court of the Plan, and (z) the performance and consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. Subject to entry by the Bankruptcy Court
of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, this Agreement has been (or, in the case of each Definitive Document to be entered into by the Company at or prior to the Closing, will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company. Subject
to entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, this Agreement constitutes (or, in the case of each Definitive Document to be entered into by the Company after the Execution Date and at or prior to the
Closing, will constitute) the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions. 

(b) Subject to entry of the Confirmation Order and the expiration or waiver by the Bankruptcy Court of the fourteen (14)-day period set forth in Bankruptcy Rules 6004(h) and 3020(e), on the Plan Effective Date, the Plan constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of each Company Entity that is a Debtor, enforceable
against such Company Entity in accordance with its terms. 

12 

(c) At the time of the execution and delivery of the RSA, the Company (i) had the
requisite corporate, limited liability company, or other organizational power and authority (as applicable) (A) to enter into, execute and deliver the RSA and (B) subject to the entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Confirmation Order, to
perform and consummate the Contemplated Transactions, and (ii) had taken all necessary corporate, limited liability company, or other organizational action (as applicable) required for (x) the due authorization, execution, and delivery of
the RSA, and (y) subject to the entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Confirmation Order, the performance and consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. The RSA has been duly executed and delivered by each Company Entity that is a party
thereto. 

(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.3(a), neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or any of
the other Definitive Documents, the execution or filing with the Bankruptcy Court by the Debtor of the Plan, nor the performance or consummation by any of the Company Entities of any of the Contemplated Transactions will, directly or indirectly
(with or without notice or lapse of time or both): 

(i) contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of
any provision of the Organizational Documents of any Company Entity; 

(ii) contravene, conflict with, or result in a
violation of any Law or Order to which any Company Entity or any of the properties, assets, rights, or interests owned, leased or used by any Company Entity are bound or may be subject, other than contraventions, conflicts or violations arising as a
result of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Case and except as otherwise authorized by the Bankruptcy Court; 

(iii)
contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of any provision of, or give rise to any right of termination, acceleration, or cancellation under, any Material Contract, except for (i) any violation or breach of any such Material
Contract that arises out of the rejection by the Debtor of such Material Contract in the Chapter 11 Case, which rejection was done with the prior written consent of the Requisite Commitment Parties or (ii) any right of termination,
acceleration, or cancellation that is unenforceable pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; or 

(iv) result in the
imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or with respect to any of the assets, properties, rights, or interests owned, leased, or used by any Company Entity, except to the extent that any such Encumbrance will be released or discharged
pursuant to the Plan or put in place in connection with the Exit Facility, 

except, in each case of clauses (ii)
through (iv) above, where such occurrence, event or result would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

13 

3.4. Proceedings. Except for as set forth on Schedule 3.4, there is no
Proceeding pending, existing, outstanding, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened to which any Company Entity is a party or to which any property, asset, right, or interest owned, leased, or used by any Company Entity is bound or subject,
except for (a) any claim of a creditor or party in interest in the Chapter 11 Case (excluding any Proceeding by a Governmental Body) and (b) any Proceeding that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be
adverse in any material respect to the Company Entities, taken as a whole. To the Knowledge of the Company, since January 1, 2023, there have been no formal claims or allegations of sexual harassment, or other discrimination or retaliation,
involving any current or former employees, officers, and directors that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in liability that would be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

3.5. Brokers or Finders. Except for the fees payable to Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. (which such fees have been disclosed to the
Commitment Parties), neither the Company Entities nor any of their respective Representatives has incurred or will incur any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage, investment banking, or finders fees or agents
commissions or other similar payments in connection with this Agreement, any of the other Definitive Documents, the Plan, or any of the Contemplated Transactions (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any fees in connection with the DIP Facility
and Exit Facility, in each case, in accordance with the RSA and any other payments to be made by the Company in accordance with the RSA). 

3.6. Exemption from Registration. Assuming the accuracy of (a) the Commitment Parties representations set forth in
Section 4 hereof and (b) all of the representations, warranties, and certifications set forth in each of the subscription forms submitted pursuant to the Rights Offering Procedures and the other representations and
certifications made by the Rights Offering Participants as required in the Rights Offering Procedures, in each case, as submitted by the respective applicable Commitment Parties or their Affiliates and each of the Rights Offering Participants that
are purchasers of Reorganized Common Equity, and, in each case, as otherwise required to be made by Rights Offering Participants pursuant to the Rights Offering Procedures, each of the Specified Issuances will be exempt from the registration and
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

3.7. Issuance. As of the Plan Effective Date, subject to entry by
the Bankruptcy Court of the Confirmation Order, each of the Specified Issuances will have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when the Reorganized Common Equity is issued to the Rights Offering Participants, the Backstop Parties,
and the Direct Allocation Parties against payment therefor, such Reorganized Common Equity will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, and free and clear of all Taxes, liens, Encumbrances
(other than transfer restrictions imposed under applicable securities Laws), pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal, subscription rights, and similar rights, in each case, other than as provided under the
New Shareholders Agreement, if any. 

3.8. No Violation. The Company is not in violation of its Organizational Documents, and
no other Company Entity is in material violation of its Organizational Documents. No Company Entity is or has been at any time since January 1, 2023, in violation of any Law or Order, except for any such default or violation that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

14 

3.9. Licenses and Permits. Each (i) Company Entity possesses or has
obtained all Governmental Authorizations from, has made all declarations and filings with, and has given all notices to, the appropriate Governmental Bodies that are necessary or required for the ownership, lease or use of its properties, assets,
rights or interests, or the conduct or operation of its businesses or operations, including, without limitation, all such licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits required by the FDA or any other state, federal, or foreign agencies or
bodies engaged in the regulation of medical devices (collectively, the Licenses and Permits), except where the failure to possess, obtain, make or give any of the foregoing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) Company Entity has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such Licenses
and Permits, except where such threatened or potential proceeding, revocation or modification would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.10. Compliance with Anti-Corruption, International Trade, and Money Laundering. 

(a) To the Knowledge of the Company, during the past five (5) years, neither the Company Entities nor any of their respective directors,
officers, employees, agents or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company Entities, has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment, or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (ii) paid,
offered, or promised to pay, or authorized or ratified the payment, directly or indirectly, of any monies or anything of value to any national, provincial, municipal, or other Government Official (or family member or representative of such
Government Official) or any other Person for the purpose of corruptly influencing any act or decision of such Government Official (or of the Governmental Body at which the Government Official has authority) or to obtain or retain business, or direct
business to any person or to secure any other improper benefit or advantage, in each case in violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws or (iii) made any other payments in violation of applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. To the Knowledge of
the Company, neither the Company Entities nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company Entities has received any written or oral notice from any Governmental Body
regarding any allegation, claim, violation, whistleblower or other complaint, voluntary disclosure, investigation, prosecution, settlement, enforcement action, or other legal action related to any violation by the Company Entities of applicable
Anti-Corruption Laws or International Trade Laws. 

(b) In accordance with Anti-Corruption Laws, the Company Entities: (i) maintain
and have maintained books, records, and accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect travel, gift and entertainment expenses, purchases, contributions, and other business expenses in conformance with the Company Entities
managements general or specific authorization, and (ii) have implemented and maintain a system of internal accounting controls reasonably designed to ensure that all transactions are executed in accordance with the Company Entities
managements general or specific authorization and are accurately recorded. To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company Entities are and have been in material compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 

15 

(c) To the Knowledge of the Company, each of the Company Entities is in material compliance,
and at all times during the past five (5) years has complied, in all material respects with applicable International Trade Laws. To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company Entities nor any of their respective directors, officers, or
employees agents or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company Entities has received any written or verbal notice from any Governmental Body regarding any allegation, claim, violation, whistleblower or other complaint, voluntary
disclosure, investigation, prosecution, settlement, enforcement action, or other legal action related to any violation by the Company Entities of applicable International Trade Laws which would be material to the business. 

(d) To the Knowledge of the Company, each of the Company Entities is in material compliance, and at all times during the past five
(5) years has complied, in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to the prevention of money laundering of any Governmental Body applicable to it or its property or in respect of its operations, including, but not limited to,
applicable provisions of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311) and all applicable criminal anti-money laundering Laws and all applicable financial record-keeping, customer identification, know-your-customer and reporting requirements (the
AML Laws). To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company Entities nor any of their respective directors, officers , or employees agents or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company Entities has received any
written or verbal notice from any Governmental Body regarding any allegation, claim, violation, whistleblower or other complaint, voluntary disclosure, investigation, prosecution, settlement, enforcement action, or other legal action related to any
violation by the Company Entities of applicable AML Laws. 

3.11. Material Contracts. Other than as a result of the
commencement of the Chapter 11 Case and other than any Material Contract that has been rejected in the Chapter 11 Case, which rejection was done with the prior written consent of the Requisite Commitment Parties, each Material Contract is in full
force and effect and is valid, binding, and enforceable against the applicable Company Entity and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each other party thereto, in accordance with its terms, in each case except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer, and other similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and by the application of general principles of
equity (the Enforceability Exceptions). None of the Company Entities, the Company (other than as a result of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Case), or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party to any Material Contract
is in breach of or default under any obligation thereunder (and there is no existing event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or default by any Company Entity) or has given notice of default to any
other party thereunder, except for breaches and defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Company Entity has received notice from any
Person that such Person intends to terminate, or not renew, any Material Contract. There are no claims pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened under any Material Contract. The Company has provided or made available to the Commitment
Parties or their Representatives true, complete and correct copies of all Material Contracts. 

16 

3.12. Financial Statements; Internal Controls. 

(a) The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023, and the related audited
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (collectively, the Financial Statements), were prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a
consistent basis for the periods involved (except as otherwise expressly noted therein), and fairly present, the financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of their operations for the periods then
ended (except as otherwise expressly noted therein). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12(a), there are no liabilities or obligations of the Company or its Subsidiaries of the type required to be accrued on or reserved
against in a consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, other than (a) liabilities or obligations set forth on the face of the balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 included in the Financial Statements (such balance
sheet, the Most Recent Balance Sheet), (b) liabilities or obligations which were incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business after the date of the Most Recent Balance Sheet (none of which are liabilities or obligations
resulting from violations of Law or breaches of Contract), (c) liabilities or obligations incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Definitive Documents, and (d) liabilities or obligations that, individually or in the
aggregate, are not material to the Company Entities, taken as a whole. To the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no instances of fraud by any Company Entity that occurred during any period covered by the Financial Statements that would
reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(b) As of the date hereof, the Company has
established and maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that
complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and will continue to maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, in each case which has been designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. From the date hereof through the Plan Effective Date, the Company has continued to maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting,
including (i) making and keeping accurate books and records and (ii) maintaining internal accounting controls that provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements authorization,
(B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of its financial statements and to maintain accountability for its assets, (C) access to its assets is permitted only in accordance with managements authorization, and
(D) the reported accountability for its assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

(c) To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company does not have any material weakness in their internal control over financial reporting, other
than any such material weaknesses with respect to which a plan for remediation has been established and other than as set forth in Schedule 3.12(b) or disclosed in the Company SEC Documents. 

17 

(d) As of the date hereof, the Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (within
the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that they file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, including that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files and submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Company Entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and such disclosure controls and procedures
are effective. 

3.13. Company SEC Documents. As of the date hereof, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, and
statements required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) since December 31, 2023 (the Company SEC
Documents). As of their respective dates, and giving effect to any amendments or supplements thereto filed prior to the date of this Agreement, each of the Company SEC Documents that have been filed as of the date of this Agreement
complied with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder, applicable to such Company SEC Documents. No Company SEC Document that has been filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, after giving effect to any amendments or supplements thereto and to any subsequently filed Company SEC Documents, in each case filed prior to the date of this Agreement, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

3.14. Clinical Trials. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, all studies, tests, and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, the Company Entities, or in which any of the Company Entities has participated, were and, if still pending, are being conducted in accordance with study
protocols and all applicable statutes, rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA and other comparable regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over medical devices, and the Company Entities have not received any notices or other written
correspondence from the FDA or any other foreign, state, or local Governmental Body exercising comparable authority or any Institutional Review Board or comparable authority requiring or threatening the termination or suspension of any studies,
tests, or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, the Company Entities or in which any of the Company Entities have participated, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no reasonable grounds for the same. Except as
disclosed in Schedule 3.14 or the Company SEC Documents (other than the risk factors and forward-looking statement disclaimers, except for any factual historical statements contained therein), there has not been any violation of law or
regulation by any of the Company Entities in their respective product development efforts, submissions or reports to any regulatory authority that could reasonably be expected to require investigation, corrective action, or enforcement action. 

18 

3.15. Compliance with Health Care Laws. Except as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company Entities and, to the Knowledge of the Company, its directors, employees, and agents (while acting in such capacity), are in compliance with all health care laws
applicable to the Company, or any of its products or activities, including, but not limited to, the Health Care Laws. None of the Company Entities have received any notification, correspondence, or any other written or oral communication, including
notification of any pending or threatened claim, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration, or other action from any Governmental Body, including, without limitation, the FDA, the United States Federal Trade Commission, the
United States Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, the United States Department of Justice and state Attorneys General or similar agencies of non-compliance by, or liability of,
any of the Company Entities under any Health Care Laws, except, with respect to any of the foregoing, such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or
circumstances that would be expected to give rise to material liability of the Company Entities (taken as a whole) under any Health Care Laws. 

3.16. Post-Market Reporting Obligations. The Company Entities are complying in all material respects with all applicable
regulatory post-market reporting obligations, including, without limitation, the FDAs adverse event reporting requirements at 21 CFR 803, and, to the extent applicable, the respective counterparts thereof promulgated by any Governmental Body
in countries outside the United States. 

3.17. No Shutdowns or Prohibitions. The Company Entities have not had any product
or manufacturing site (whether owned by the Company Entities or that of a third party manufacturer for the Company Entities products) subject to a Governmental Body (including FDA) shutdown or import or export prohibition, nor received any FDA
Form 483 or other Governmental Body notice of inspectional observations, warning letters, untitled letters, requests to make changes to the Companys products, processes, or operations, or similar correspondence or
notice from the FDA or other Governmental Body alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any applicable Health Care Laws. To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the FDA nor any other Governmental Body is considering such action. 

3.18. Data Privacy and Security Laws. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, to the Knowledge of the Company, the Company Entities are, and at all times prior hereto have been, in compliance with all applicable state, federal, and international data privacy, security, and consumer protection Laws
regarding the collection, processing retention, use, and protection of Personal Data, including, without limitation, applicable requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA), the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA), and the European Union General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To facilitate compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company Entities have in place and take commercially reasonable steps to comply in all
material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, processing, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data. No Person (including any Governmental Body) has made any
claim or commenced any Proceeding relating to any Company Entitys privacy or data security practices, including with respect to the access, disclosure or use of Personal Data maintained by or on behalf of any Company Entity, or, threatened in
writing any such Proceeding or conducted any investigation or inquiry thereof. The respective businesses and operations of the Company Entities have not 

19 

experienced any loss, damage, or unauthorized or unlawful access, disclosure, use, or breach of security of any Personal Data in any Company Entitys possession, custody, or control, or
otherwise held or processed on its behalf, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Company Entities: (i) has received notice of
any liability, including, but not limited to security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or unlawful access to, processing or use of, or destruction of Personal Data, under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the
Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently paying a third party for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective
action implemented by a third party pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order or decree that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law. 

3.19. No Safety Notices. 

(a) Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.19(a) or the Company SEC Documents (other than the risk factors and forward-looking statement
disclaimers, except for any factual historical statements contained therein), there have been no recalls market withdrawals, safety alerts or other notice of action, in each case relating to an alleged lack of safety or regulatory compliance of the
Company Entities products (Safety Notices). 

(b) To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts that would
be reasonably likely to result in (i) a Safety Notice with respect to the Company Entities products or services, (ii) a change in labeling of any the Company Entities respective products or services as a result of an alleged
lack of safety, or (iii) a termination or suspension of marketing or testing of any the Company Entities products or services. 

3.20. Pre-Market Approvals. For each device that the Company Entities currently
manufacture, cause to be manufactured and distributes, or cause to be distributed for sale, including any material modification thereof, (the Company Devices) that requires a 510(k) premarket notification or a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) by the FDA, the Company has obtained such 510(k) clearance or PMA approval by the FDA, respectively, unless an exemption applies. To the Knowledge of the Company, all
Company Devices as currently distributed have been labeled or promoted in a manner consistent with the 510(k) clearance, PMA approval, or exemption, applicable to each Company Device, other than has not and reasonably would not have resulted in any
material fine, penalty or material notice of noncompliance. All Company Devices currently being commercialized are listed with the FDA and have been manufactured in a facility registered with FDA. The Company Entities have obtained the necessary
regulatory authorization for their manufacturing facilities, and such facilities currently are not subject to any outstanding adverse action taken by the FDA. All Company Devices manufactured by the Company Entities or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, which the Company Entities cause to be manufactured by third parties, are manufactured in all material respects in accordance with applicable Quality Systems Regulations, 21 C.F.R. Part 820. To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company
Entities have submitted all reports necessary to be submitted in accordance with the Medical Device Reporting regulations, 21 C.F.R. Part 803. The Company Entities have labeled and promoted the Company Devices in all material respects with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) (the FDC Act) and FDAs implementing regulations. The Company Devices are not misbranded, adulterated, or otherwise in violation of
the FDC Act or FDAs regulations, or rules governing the current business of the Company Entities. 

20 

3.21. Other Regulatory Matters. 

(a) None of the Company Entities has received notice from any Governmental Body regarding allegations of, or Governmental Body investigations
into, research misconduct, including falsification or fabrication of data or plagiarism, with respect to any research activities in which any Company Entity was involved, including as sponsor or as otherwise having provided support for the research.

(b) To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company Entities has (i) made any untrue or fraudulent statement to a Governmental
Body, or (ii) failed to disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to said Governmental Body, or committed any act, made a statement, or failed to make a statement that, at the time such disclosure was made, would provide a basis for the
Governmental Body to invoke its policy regarding Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities, set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any similar policy set forth in applicable Law. 

(c) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.21(c), none of the Company Entities (i) is subject of a pending or threatened investigation
by a Governmental Body or (ii) has been convicted of or charged or threatened in writing with prosecution or is under an investigation, subject to, or received notice of any actual or possible enforcement action by any Governmental Body or
assessed and civil monetary penalty for any violation of any Health Care Laws. 

3.22. Title to Real and Personal Property

(a) Each Company Entity has, and, upon the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, will have, good and valid fee simple title to
or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all its Real Property and has good and marketable title to its personal property and assets (other than Intellectual Property), in each
case, except for defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes and except where the failure to have such valid title,
rights or leasehold interest would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All such properties and assets that are material to the Company and to which the Company has good and valid fee simple or other marketable title to, are
free and clear of Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances and any Encumbrances to be incurred in connection with the Plan. 

(b)
Each Company Entity is in compliance with all obligations under all leases (as may be amended from time to time) to which it is a party that have not been rejected in the Chapter 11 Case, except where the failure to comply has not had, and would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and all such leases are in full force and effect (except to the extent subject to applicable to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity), except leases in respect of which 

21 

the failure to be in full force and effect have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each Company Entity enjoys
peaceful and undisturbed possession under all such leases to which it is a party, other than leases in respect of which the failure to enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.23. Tax Matters. 

(a) All material Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of any Company Entity have been properly prepared and duly and timely filed
with the appropriate Taxing Authorities in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be filed (after giving effect to any valid or mutually agreed extensions of time in which to make such filings between the relevant Taxing
Authority and Company). All material Taxes payable by or on behalf of any Company Entity directly or otherwise have been fully and timely paid, and adequate reserves or accruals for Taxes have been provided in the Most Recent Audited Balance Sheet
or, in the case of tax periods that begin following the date of the Most Recent Audited Balance Sheet, the accounting books and records of the Company Entities in respect of any period for which Tax Returns have not yet been filed or for which Taxes
are not yet due and owing. No agreement, waiver, or other document or arrangement extending or having the effect of extending the period for assessment or collection of a material amount of Taxes (including any applicable statute of limitations) has
been executed or filed with the IRS or any other Governmental Body by or on behalf of any Company Entity. 

(b) Each Company Entity has
complied in all material respects with applicable Laws relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes and has duly and timely withheld from employee salaries, wages, and other compensation and have paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authorities
or other applicable Governmental Bodies all material amounts required to be so withheld and paid over for all periods under all applicable Laws. 

(c) All material deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a result of any examinations by any Taxing Authority or any other Governmental
Body of the Tax Returns of or covering or including any Company Entity have been fully paid, and there are no other material audits, investigations, or other Proceedings by any Taxing Authority in progress, nor has any Company Entity received notice
from any Taxing Authority or other applicable Governmental Body that it intends to conduct or commence such an audit, investigation or other Proceeding. Within the past three (3) years, no written claim has been made by any Taxing Authority or
any other Governmental Body in a jurisdiction where a Company Entity does not file Tax Returns that such Company Entity is or may be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. Other than Permitted Encumbrances, there are no material Encumbrances for
Taxes with respect to any Company Entity, or with respect to the assets or business of any Company Entity, nor is there any such Encumbrance that is pending or threatened in writing. 

(d) The Company is not currently a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

22 

(e) No Company Entity has any liability for the Taxes of another Person under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign law (other than another Company Entity or their Affiliates), as a transferee or successor, or by Contract (other than
Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business the primary purpose of which is not Taxes). 

(f) No Company Entity has
participated in any reportable transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b) (or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Tax
law); provided, however, that the representation in this Section 3.23(f) does not apply to any transactions identified as transactions of interest in the final Treasury Regulations
Section 1.6011-18 or to any transactions that are substantially similar thereto. 

(g) No
Company Entity will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Plan Effective Date as a result of (i) any
change in method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Plan Effective Date, (ii) any closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local
or non-United States income Tax Law) executed on or prior to the Plan Effective Date, (iii) any installment sale or open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Plan Effective Date, (iv) any
use of the cash method of accounting or an improper method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Plan Effective Date, or (v) any prepaid amount received or deferred revenue accrued on or prior to the Plan Effective Date.

3.24. Labor and Employment Compliance. 

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24, each Company Entity is in compliance with all applicable Laws or Orders respecting labor and
employment matters, including labor relations, terms and conditions of employment, equal employment opportunity, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, family and medical leave and other leaves of absence, disability benefits, affirmative action,
employee privacy and data protection, health and safety, wage and hours, worker classification as employees or independent contractors, exempt or non-exempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, child
labor, immigration, recordkeeping, Tax withholding, unemployment insurance, workers compensation, and plant closures and layoffs, except where the failure to comply with such applicable Laws or Orders would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24 or as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, there is no, and during the
past three (3) years there has been no, Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against any Company Entity alleging a violation of any such applicable Law or Order pertaining to labor or employment matters. 

(b) There are no collective bargaining agreements, labor agreements, or any other labor-related agreements or arrangements to which any of the
Company Entities is a party or otherwise subject with respect to any employee in the United States. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24, within the past three (3) years in the United States, no labor union, labor organization, or other
organization or group has (i) represented or purported to represent any employee, (ii) made a written demand to any of the Company Entities or, to the Knowledge of the 

23 

Company, to any Governmental Bodies for recognition or certification, and there are no representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently
pending, threatened in writing or, to the Knowledge of the Company, verbally threatened to be brought or filed with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations Governmental Body. Within the past three (3) years, there has
been no actual or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, labor arbitrations, grievances, labor disputes, strikes, lockouts, walkouts, slowdowns, or work stoppages, or picketing by any employee of any of the Company Entities. None of the
Company Entities has committed an unfair labor practice (as defined in the National Labor Relations Act or any similar Law in any jurisdiction) within the past three (3) years, in each case. 

(c) The Company Entities have not, within the past three (3) years, incurred any liability or effectuated an event giving rise to a
notice obligation under the federal Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act, or any analogous state or local or foreign Law, including a plant closing or mass layoff (as those terms are defined in the federal Worker
Adjustment Retraining Notification Act, or any analogous state or local or foreign Law), affecting, in whole or in part, any site of employment, facility, or operating unit of any of the Company Entities. 

3.25. Investment Company Act. None of the Company Entities is an investment company within the meaning of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder or is subject to regulation or required to be registered thereunder. 

3.26. Disclosure Statement. The Disclosure Statement as approved by the Bankruptcy Court will conform with Section 1125 of
the Bankruptcy Code. 

3.27. Insurance. The material insurance policies purchased by or maintained for the benefit of the
Company Entities are in amounts providing reasonably adequate coverage against all risks customarily insured against by companies in similar lines of business as the Company Entities (the Insurance Policies). The Insurance
Policies are in full force and effect except to the extent that any such Insurance Policy has been replaced after the date hereof with comparable substitute insurance coverage. All premiums payable under the Insurance Policies have been paid to the
extent such premiums are due and payable, and the Company Entities have otherwise complied with the terms and conditions of all of the Insurance Policies. To the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof, no material written notice of
cancelation or modification, threatened termination of, premium increase with respect to, or material alteration of coverage under, any of the Insurance Policies has been received other than in connection with ordinary renewals, and there is no
existing material default or event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material default by any insured thereunder. No material claims of any Company Entities have been denied under any of the Insurance
Policies since January 1, 2023. No Company Entities has received any notice of cancellation or any other indication that any Insurance Policy is no longer in full force or effect or will not be renewed or that the issuer of any Insurance Policy
is not willing or able to perform its obligations thereunder. 

24 

3.28. Environmental Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents (other than the risk factors and forward-looking statement disclaimers, except for any factual historical statements contained therein),
to the Knowledge of the Company (a) the Company Entities are, and have been since January 1, 2023, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, (b) since January 1, 2023, no Company Entity has received any written notice
alleging that such Company Entity is in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law, (c) the Company Entities possess and are, and have been since January 1, 2023, in compliance with all Licenses and Permits required under
Environmental Laws for the operation of their respective businesses or the occupancy of their real property (Environmental Permits), (d) there is no Proceeding under or pursuant to any Environmental Law or Environmental
Permit that is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against any Company Entity, (e) no Company Entity is subject to any Order imposed by any Governmental Body pursuant to Environmental Laws under which there are uncompleted,
outstanding or unresolved obligations on the part of any Company Entity, (f) no lien has been recorded or, to the Knowledge of the Company threatened under any Environmental Law with respect to the assets or properties of any Company Entity,
and (g) no Company Entity has released any Hazardous Substances at the Real Property, or any other location, in a manner that is reasonably likely to result in any obligation to conduct remedial activities for, or Proceeding against, any
Company Entity under Environmental Laws. 

3.29. Intellectual Property. 

(a) The Company Entities own or possess adequate rights to use all IP Rights owned, licensed, or used by any Company Entity as such IP Rights
are used in the business of any Company Entity (collectively, Company IP Rights), except where the failure to own or possess such rights to (or have adequate licenses related to) any such IP Rights would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The conduct of the businesses and operations of each Company
Entity does not infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate, and has not infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any IP Rights of any third party, except in such instances as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents (other than the risk factors and
forward-looking statement disclaimers, except for any factual historical statements contained therein),no Company Entity has received any notice of any material claim of infringement,
misappropriation, or other violation of any IP Rights of any third party as a result of the operation of the respective businesses and operations of any of the Company Entities, and there is no Proceeding pending, existing, instituted, outstanding,
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding any of the foregoing. 

(d) To the Knowledge of the Company, no third party has
infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any Company IP Rights or is infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating any Company IP Rights, except in such instances as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) None of the Company IP Rights owned by any Company Entity have been adjudged invalid or
unenforceable in whole or in part and each item of the Company IP Rights owned by any Company Entity is subsisting and, valid and enforceable. The Company IP Rights owned by any Company Entity are free and clear of Encumbrances, other than Permitted
Encumbrances. 

25 

(f) The Company Entities have taken commercially reasonable actions to maintain all
registrations and applications for Company IP Rights owned by any Company Entity in full force and effect and have taken commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect the confidentiality of their trade secrets. 

(g) The Company Entities own or possess valid rights to use all computer systems (including hardware, software databases, firmware, and
related equipment), communications systems, and networking systems used, owned, outsourced, leased, or licensed by the Company Entities (the Company IT Systems) in the manner in which they are used in the operation of the Company
Entities businesses and operations. The Company IT Systems are adequate for, and operate and perform in accordance with their documentation and functional specifications and otherwise as reasonably required in connection with the immediate and
anticipated future needs of the operation of the Company Entities respective businesses and operations as of the date hereof, and there has not been any failure with respect to any of such Company IT Systems that has not been remedied or
replaced, except to the extent that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company Entities have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable backup, security and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry practices for their Company IT Systems. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has gained unauthorized access to nor has there been any breach or violation involving any Company IT Systems, except in
such instances as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.30.
Benefit Plans. 

(a) Benefit Plans means any of the following (whether written or unwritten): (i) any
employee welfare benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, including any medical plan, life insurance plan, short-term or long-term disability plan, dental plan, or sick leave plan, (ii) any employee pension
benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, including any excess benefit, top hat plan or any qualified or nonqualified deferred compensation or retirement plan or arrangement, or (iii) any other plan, policy, program, or
Contract which provides compensation or benefits, including any severance Contract or plan, personnel policy, vacation time, holiday pay, tuition reimbursement program, service award, moving expense reimbursement programs, fringe benefit plan or
program, bonus or incentive plan, garden leave, pension, savings, retirement, Code Section 125 cafeteria or flexible benefit, employee loan, relocation, repatriation, equity appreciation, stock option, restricted stock,
phantom stock, profit sharing, stock bonus or deferred bonus or compensation plan, salary reduction, change-of-control or employment Contract (or consulting Contract
with a former employee or otherwise), maintained, administered, or contributed to by any Company Entity, or with respect to which any Company Entity has, or could reasonably be expected to have (including as an ERISA Affiliate (as defined below))
any liability for, on behalf of, or with respect to any current or former officers, directors, employees, or individual consultants of any Company Entity or predecessor thereof, excluding, in each case, (A) any multiemployer plan
(as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) or similar type of plan maintained by a labor organization, whether or not subject to ERISA and (B) any plan, program, 

26 

policy, or arrangement required by applicable Law or maintained or administered by a Governmental Body. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Company Entity, any member of
any group of organizations, whether or not incorporated, that would be treated as part of a controlled group as described in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or a single employer under Section 4001(b) of ERISA. Each Benefit Plan with
respect to the Company and any of its Subsidiaries that is organized in the United States (i) has been established, funded, administered, and maintained in compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable Laws or Orders,
including ERISA and the Code and (ii) that is intended to be qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code has either received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or may rely on a favorable opinion letter
issued by the IRS. The Company Entities have received no notice that a Benefit Plan is currently subject to any claims, investigations, or audits (and to the Knowledge of the Company none are contemplated or threatened) by any Governmental Body.

(b) (i) All liabilities or expenses of the Company Entities in respect of any Benefit Plan (including workers compensation) that
have not been paid as of the date of the Financial Statements have been properly accrued on the Financial Statements in compliance with GAAP (or applicable accounting convention), to the extent required and in a manner consistent with
Section 3.12(a), and (ii) all contributions (including all employer contributions and employee salary reduction contributions) or premium payments required to have been made under the terms of any Benefit Plan, or in
accordance with applicable law, as of the date of the Financial Statements have been timely made or paid or reflected on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP (or applicable accounting convention), to the extent required and in a manner
consistent with Section 3.12(a). 

(c) None of the Benefit Plans is, and the Company Entities do not maintain,
contribute to, have an obligation to contribute to, or have or could reasonably be expected to have any liability (including with respect to an ERISA Affiliate) with respect to (i) a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) subject to Title IV of ERISA; (ii) a multiple employer plan (within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code); (iii) a multiple employer welfare arrangement (within the meaning of
Section 3(40) of ERISA); (iv) a voluntary employee beneficiary association (within the meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the Code); or (v) a plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 or Section 4971 of the
Code. There are no material reserves, plan assets, surpluses or prepaid premiums with respect to any Benefit Plan which is a welfare plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) subject to ERISA. 

(d) No Benefit Plan provides medical, health, or life insurance benefits to retirees or former employees, consultants, or individuals whose
employment with any Company Entity has terminated or the spouses or dependents of any of the foregoing (except for continued health benefit coverage as required to be provided under Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA or applicable similar state Law). 

(e) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any payment becoming due, or increase the amount of any compensation due, to any current or former officer, director, employee, or individual consultant of any Company Entity under any Benefit
Plan; (ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Benefit Plan; (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or 

27 

vesting of any such compensation or benefits under any Benefit Plan; or (iv) result in the payment of any amount that would reasonably be expected to, individually or in combination with any
other payment, constitute an excess parachute payment, as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code. No current or former officer, director, employee, or individual consultant of any Company Entity has a right to receive a gross-up payment from any Company Entity with respect to any excise or additional income taxes that may be imposed upon such individual pursuant to Section 409A or Section 4999 of the Code. 

(f) Neither the Company Entities nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, fiduciary, or administrator of any Benefit Plan or trust
created thereunder has engaged in a non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) or breach of fiduciary duty (as described in ERISA) in
connection with a Benefit Plan which would reasonably be expected to subject any of the Company Entities or any such Benefit Plan to a civil penalty or Tax under ERISA or the Code, including a civil penalty assessed pursuant to Section 409 or
Section 502(i) of ERISA or a Tax imposed pursuant to Section 4975 or Section 4976 of the Code, except any of the foregoing that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the
Company Entities. 

(g) To the Knowledge of the Company, in the last five (5) years, no allegations of sexual or other unlawful
harassment or discrimination have been made against any officer or employee of any Company Entity. During such period, there have been no Proceedings or settlements involving such matters or Persons. 

(h) With respect to each Benefit Plan that is subject to the Laws of relevant jurisdictions other than the United States (each, a
Foreign Plan): (i) each Foreign Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of Law and regulations regarding employee benefits, mandatory contributions and retirement plans of each jurisdiction in which each such Foreign
Plan is maintained, to the extent those Laws are applicable to such Foreign Plan; (ii) each Foreign Plan has been administered at all times and in accordance with its terms; (iii) there are no pending investigations by any Governmental
Body involving any Foreign Plan, and no pending claims (except for claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of the Foreign Plans), suits or proceedings against any Foreign Plan; (iv) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
by themselves or in conjunction with any other transactions, will not create or otherwise result in any material liability, accelerated payment or any enhanced benefits with respect to any Foreign Plan; and (v) each Foreign Plan has been funded
in accordance with the terms of such Foreign Plan and liabilities with respect to such Foreign Plans that have been incurred prior to the date of the Financial Statements have been reflected in the Financial Statements to the extent required and in
a manner consistent with Section 3.12(a). 

3.31. Absence of Certain Changes. Since January 1,
2023 to the date of this Agreement, there has not occurred a Material Adverse Effect. 

4. Representations and Warranties of the
Commitment Parties. Each Commitment Party, as applicable, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to the Company, as of the Execution Date and as of the Plan Effective Date (except for representations and warranties made as
of a specified date, which shall are made as of such date), as set forth in this Section 4. 

28 

4.1. Organization of Such Commitment Party. Such Commitment Party is a legal
entity duly incorporated, organized or formed (as applicable), validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation (as applicable), with full corporate, partnership, or limited
liability company (as applicable) power and authority to conduct its business as it is now conducted. 

4.2. Authority; No
Conflict. 

(a) Such Commitment Party (i) has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company, or other
organizational (as applicable) power and authority (A) to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and each other Definitive Document to which such Commitment Party is (or will be) a party and (B) to perform its obligations and
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (ii) has taken all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company, or other organizational (as applicable) action required for (x) the due authorization,
execution and delivery by such Commitment Party of this Agreement and (y) the performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by such Commitment Party. This Agreement and each other Definitive Document to which such
Commitment Party is (or will be) a party has been, or prior to its execution and delivery will be, duly and validly executed and delivered by such Commitment Party. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such
Commitment Party, enforceable against such Commitment Party in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions. 

(b) Neither the execution and delivery by such Commitment Party of this Agreement, each other Definitive Document to which such Commitment
Party is (or will be) a party, nor the performance or consummation by such Commitment Party of any of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will, directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time or both): (i) contravene,
conflict with, or result in a violation, breach or default of any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Commitment Party or in any material respect with any Law or regulation applicable to it; or (ii) conflict with, or result in a
breach or violation of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both), or result in the acceleration of, or the creation of any Encumbrance under, any Contract to which such
Commitment Party is a party or by which such Commitment Party is bound or to which any of the properties or assets of such Commitment Party are subject; except in in the cases described in clause (ii), for any conflict, breach, violation, default,
acceleration or Encumbrance which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to prohibit, materially delay or materially and adversely impact such Commitment Partys performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

(c) Except (x) for Consents which have been obtained, notices which have been given and filings which have been made, and
(y) where the failure to give any notice, obtain any Consent or make any filing would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to prohibit, materially delay, or materially and adversely impact such Commitment Partys
performance or consummation of its obligations under this Agreement, such Commitment Party is not and will not be required to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any Consent from, any Person in connection with the execution and
delivery by such Commitment Party of this Agreement, each other Definitive Document to which such Commitment Party is (or will be) a party, or the consummation or performance by such Commitment Party of any of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby. 

29 

4.3. Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Direct Allocation Share, and Cash-Out Issued Equity Not Registered. Each Commitment Party understands that (a) none of the Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued
Equity, and Direct Allocation Shares have been registered under the Securities Act and (b) the Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and Direct Allocation Shares are
being offered and sold pursuant to a specific exemption from registration based in part upon such Commitment Partys representations contained in this Agreement and cannot be sold by such Commitment Party unless subsequently registered under
the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. 

4.4. Acquisition for Own Account. Such Commitment Party
is acquiring the Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Direct Allocation Shares, as applicable, for its own account (or for the accounts for which it is acting as
investment advisor or manager) for investment and not with a present view toward distribution, within the meaning of the Securities Act. Subject to the foregoing, by making the representations herein, such Commitment Party does not agree to hold its
Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Direct Allocation Shares, as applicable, for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of its Backstop
Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Direct Allocation Shares, as applicable, at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or exemption from the
registration requirements under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities Laws. 

4.5. Eligible Commitment
Party. Such Commitment Party is an Accredited Investor or Qualified Institutional Buyer and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such Commitment Party is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its
investment in the Backstop Securities, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued Equity, and/or Direct Allocation Shares, as applicable. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except with respect
to Section 3.6 or with respect to the first sentence of this this Section 4.5, nothing contained in any of the representations, warranties, or acknowledgements made by any Commitment Party in this
Section 4.5 will operate to modify or limit in any respect the representations and warranties of the Company Entities or the making of misleading statements or the omission of material facts in connection with the
transactions contemplated herein (other than any statements made in reliance on information concerning and furnished by the Commitment Parties). Such Commitment Party understands and is able to bear any economic risks associated with such
investment. Except for the information set forth in the Disclosure Statement and the representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Agreement, the RSA, and any other Definitive Document, such Commitment Party has independently evaluated
the merits and risks of its decision to enter into this Agreement and disclaims reliance on any representations or warranties, either express or implied, by or on behalf of any of the Company Entities. 

4.6. Voteable Claims. Each Commitment Party has not entered into any Contract to Transfer, in whole or in part, any
portion of its right, title or interest in such Company Claims/Interests where such Transfer would prohibit such Commitment Party from complying with the terms of this Agreement or the RSA. 

30 

4.7. No Brokers Fees. Such Commitment Party
is not a party to any Contract with any Person (other than this Agreement and any Contract giving rise to the Commitment Expenses hereunder) that would give rise to a valid claim against any of the Company Entities for a brokerage commission,
finders fee or like payment in connection with the Rights Offering, the Cash-Out Offering or the sale of the Unsubscribed Securities. 

4.8. Arms Length. Such Commitment Party acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Company
Entities are acting solely in the capacities of arms-length contractual counterparties to such Commitment Party with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (including in connection with
determining the terms of the Rights Offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, such Commitment Party and (b) none of the Company Entities are advising such Commitment Party as to any legal, tax, investment,
accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. 

4.9. Sufficiency of Funds. Each Commitment Party has the financial
capacity to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, including, on the Business Day on which the Deposit Deadline occurs, available funds sufficient to pay, as applicable, such Commitment Partys Aggregate Purchase Price. 

5. Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees with the Commitment Parties as set forth in this
Section 5. 

5.1. Approval of this Agreement. The Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order
or the Confirmation Order shall (a) authorize and approve (i) this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance by the Debtor of this Agreement, (ii) the payment of the expenses and other amounts required to be paid by the
Debtor hereunder (including the Put Option Premium and the Commitment Expenses), which shall constitute allowed super-priority administrative claims against the Debtors estate under sections 503(b) and 507(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, and
(iii) the indemnification and contribution provisions set forth herein, (b) release and exculpate the Commitment Parties and their respective Affiliates and Representatives from any liability for participation in the transactions
contemplated hereby or any of the other Contemplated Transactions in accordance with the RSA and the Plan, (c) authorize and approve all documents, instruments, agreements, and other materials entered into, delivered, distributed or otherwise
used in connection with the Rights Offering and the Cash-Out Offering (including the Rights Offering Procedures and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures), and (d) otherwise be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Commitment Parties; provided that the signature pages, exhibits, and schedules to any copy of this Agreement that is filed with the Bankruptcy Court shall be subject to redaction as the Requisite
Commitment Parties determine, including redacting (w) the names of the Commitment Parties, (x) the Backstop Commitment Percentage or Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage, (y) any component of the Put Option Premium, and
(z) any component of the Aggregate Purchase Price with respect to each Commitment Party. 

5.2. Conditions Precedent.
The Company shall, and shall cause the other Company Entities to, satisfy or cause to be satisfied all the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7.1 hereof and the Plan (including procuring and obtaining all Consents,
authorizations and waivers of, making all filings with, and giving all notices to, Persons (including Governmental Bodies) which may be necessary or required on its part in order to consummate or effect the transactions contemplated herein);provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 5.2 shall obligate the Company to waive any right or condition under this Agreement, the RSA, or any of the other Definitive Documents. 

31 

5.3. Notification. The Company shall: (a) on request by any of the
Commitment Parties, (i) cause the Rights Offering Agent to notify each of the Commitment Parties in writing of the aggregate amount of Rights Offering Securities that the Rights Offering Participants have subscribed for pursuant to the Rights
Offering as of the close of business on the Business Day preceding such request or the most recent practicable time before such request, as the case may be and (ii) cause the Cash-Out Agent to notify each
of the Commitment Parties in writing of the aggregate amount of Sold Cash-Out Securities that the Cash-Out Offering Participants have elected to sell pursuant to the Cash-Out Offering as of the close of business on the Business Day preceding such request or the most recent practicable time before such request, as the case may be; and (b) following the Subscription Form and
Funding Deadline, (i) cause the Rights Offering Agent and Cash-Out Agent, as applicable, to notify each of the Commitment Parties in writing, within seven (7) Business Days after the Subscription
Form and Funding Deadline, of the aggregate amount of Unsubscribed Securities and Sold Cash-Out Securities and (ii) timely comply with their obligations under Section 1.5(a)
hereof. 

5.4. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net cash proceeds from the sale of the Direct Allocation Shares,
the Rights Offering Securities from the Rights Offering, and the sale of the Backstop Securities pursuant to this Agreement for the purposes identified in the Disclosure Statement and the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no net cash
proceeds in connection with the Cash-Out Offering (including the purchase of the Sold Cash-Out Securities and issuance of the
Cash-Out Issued Equity). 

5.5. HSR Act and Foreign Regulatory Filings. The Company
Entities and the applicable Commitment Parties, shall, as soon as practicable after the Execution Date, prepare and file all necessary documentation and effect all applications that are necessary under the HSR Act and with respect to any applicable
foreign competition, antitrust, merger control, or foreign direct investment Laws, so that all applicable waiting periods shall have expired or been terminated thereunder and all required consents, authorizations, or approvals under the
aforementioned laws have been obtained with respect to the purchase of the Direct Allocation Shares, the purchase of the Sold Cash-Out Securities, the issuance of the
Cash-Out Issued Equity, the purchase of the Backstop Securities hereunder, the issuance and purchase of Rights Offering Securities in connection with the Rights Offering, or any of the other Contemplated
Transactions in time for such transactions to be consummated within the timeframes contemplated hereunder and under the RSA, and not take any action, or fail to take any action, that is intended or reasonably likely to materially impede or delay the
ability of the parties to obtain any necessary approvals required for the Contemplated Transactions. The Company Entities shall bear all costs and expenses of the Company Entities in connection with the preparation or the making of any filing under
the HSR Act or applicable foreign competition, antitrust, merger control, or foreign direct investment Laws, including any filing fees thereunder, and the Company shall reimburse the Commitment Parties for their fees and expenses (including
attorneys fees and other legal fees and expenses) incurred in connection with the preparation of its portion of any such filings in accordance with the RSA. 

32 

5.6. Milestones. The Company shall, and shall cause the other Company Entities
to, cause each of the Milestones set forth in the RSA to be satisfied (giving effect to any amendment, modification, supplement, or waiver of or to any of the Milestones that are made or provided in accordance with the terms of the RSA). 

5.7. Conduct of Business. 

(a) Except (x) as set forth in or contemplated by this Agreement or any other Definitive Document, (y), or with the prior written consent
of the Requisite Commitment Parties, or (z) as set forth in Schedule 5.7, during the period from the date of this Agreement to the earlier of the Closing Date and the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
its terms, the Company shall, and shall cause the Company Entities to, operate in the Ordinary Course of Business. 

(b) The following
shall be deemed to occur outside of the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company Entities and shall require the prior written consent of the Requisite Commitment Parties: 

(i) entry into, or any material amendment, modification, termination, waiver, supplement, restatement, or other change to, any
Material Contract (other than (A) any Material Contracts that are otherwise addressed by clause (iv) below, (B) any such amendment modification, waiver, supplement, restatement or other change that is no less favorable to the
applicable Company Entities than the Contract prior thereto, or (C) any extension of a Material Contract on substantially similar terms in the ordinary course of business); 

(ii) entry into, or any material amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, restatement or other change to, any employment
agreement or arrangement with its officers or members of senior management to which any of the Company Entities is a party (other than (A) any such amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, restatement, or other change that is no less
favorable to the Company Entities than the employment agreement as in effect prior thereto and (B) any extension of such an employment agreement or arrangement on substantially similar terms in the Ordinary Course of Business); 

(iii) except as contemplated by the MIP Term Sheet, any (A) material increase in the benefits of or the compensation
(whether in the form of salary, hourly rate, bonus, target bonus, equity award, severance, or otherwise) payable to any current or former employee, director, or individual independent contractor, or granting of any bonus, benefit payment (contingent
or otherwise) or other direct or indirect compensation to any such individual, or (B) adoption or amendment of any agreement that has the effect of the foregoing; 

(iv) the adoption, termination, or material amendment of any Benefit Plan or other management or employee incentive, bonus,
benefit, termination pay, deferred compensation, retention, equity-based or equity plan, program, policy, agreement, or arrangement by any of the Company Entities; 

33 

(v) entry into, or any amendment, modification, waiver, supplement,
restatement or other change to, any Contract between any Company Entity, on the one hand, and any director, officer, or greater than ten percent (10%) shareholder of the Company (other than any extension of a Contract on substantially similar terms
in the ordinary course of business); 

(vi) (A) make or change any material election in respect of Taxes or accounting
policies of any of the Company Entities; (B) adopt or change any material method of accounting for Tax purposes; (C) file any amended Tax Return with respect to income or other material Taxes; (D) enter into any closing agreement with
respect to income or other material Taxes; (E) settle or compromise any Tax claim, action, or assessment in respect of income or other material Taxes; (F) surrender any right to claim a refund, offset or other reduction of income or other
material Taxes; (G) consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any income or other material Tax claim or assessment; or (H) enter into any Contract in respect of income or other material Taxes with any
Governmental Body; and 

(vii) commencement, release, assignment, compromise, discharge, waiver, settlement, agreement to
settle, or satisfaction of any material Proceeding. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall
give the Commitment Parties, directly or indirectly, any right to control or direct the operations of any of the Company Entities. 

5.8.
Private Company. 

(a) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) emerge from the Chapter 11 Case
on the Plan Effective Date as a private company and the Reorganized Common Equity shall not be listed on a public stock exchange, (ii) not be a public reporting company pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, nor shall it be voluntarily subjected to any reporting requirements promulgated by the SEC, and (iii) not be required to list the Reorganized Common Equity on a U.S. or any foreign stock exchange. 

(b) To the extent the following actions have not been completed on or prior to the Plan Effective Date, the Company shall (i) take all
actions reasonably necessary or desirable to delist the Existing Common Interests from the Nasdaq Global Select Market and to deregister under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable in compliance with SEC rules, (ii) file post-effective
amendments to terminate all of the Companys effective registration statements under the Securities Act and deregister any and all unsold securities thereunder, (iii) file a Form 15 to terminate the Companys registration under the
Exchange Act and to suspend the Companys reporting obligations under the Exchange Act with respect to the Existing Common Interests, and (iv) take all actions reasonably necessary or desirable to ensure (A) that the Reorganized
Common Equity shall not be listed on a public securities exchange and that the Company shall not be required to list the Reorganized Common Equity on a recognized securities exchange, except, in each case, as otherwise may be required pursuant to
the New Organizational Documents, as applicable, and (B) that the Company shall not be voluntarily subjected to any reporting requirements promulgated by the SEC. 

34 

5.9. Opportunity to Cure. Subject to and without limiting
Section 1.5(c) hereof, the Company shall permit each Commitment Party to cure, and shall provide the opportunity to cure, within such time as determined by the Company in good faith to be appropriate, any failure to submit
Subscription Forms in accordance with the Rights Offering Procedures, or any defect or irregularity in Subscription Forms or otherwise in connection with its exercise of Subscription Rights under the Rights Offering Procedures. 

5.10. Company RSA Covenants. Each of the covenants and agreements set forth in Section 6 of the RSA (as in effect on the
Execution Date) (collectively, the Company RSA Covenants), are hereby incorporated herein by reference with full force and effect as if fully set forth herein by applying the provisions thereof mutatis mutandis (such that
all changes and modifications to the defined terms and other terminology used in the Company RSA Covenants shall be made so that the Company RSA Covenants can be applied in a logical manner in this Agreement), and the Company shall, and shall cause
the Company Entities to, perform, abide by and observe, for the benefit of the Commitment Parties, all of the Company RSA Covenants as incorporated herein and modified hereby. The Company Entities shall not assert, or support any assertion by any
third party, that the Company RSA Covenants, as incorporated herein and modified hereby, are not enforceable by the Commitment Parties by reason of the fact that the Company RSA Covenants are included in a Contract that was entered into by the
Company Entities prior to the Petition Date or otherwise, or that the Requisite Commitment Parties shall be required to obtain relief from the automatic stay from the Bankruptcy Court as a condition to the right of the Requisite Commitment Parties
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8(b) on account of a breach or violation of any of the Company RSA Covenants that has not been otherwise cured or waived in accordance with the RSA. 

6. Covenants of the Commitment Parties. 

6.1. Conditions Precedent. Each Commitment Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy or cause to be
satisfied on or prior to the Plan Effective Date all of the conditions precedent applicable to such Commitment Party set forth in Section 7.2 hereof; provided, however, that nothing contained in
this Section 6.1 shall obligate the Commitment Parties to waive any right or condition under this Agreement, the RSA, or any of the other Definitive Documents. 

6.2. Commitment Party RSA Covenants. Each of the covenants and agreements set forth in Section 4 of the RSA (as in effect
on the Execution Date) (collectively, the Commitment Party RSA Covenants), are hereby incorporated herein by reference with full force and effect as if fully set forth herein by applying the provisions thereof mutatis
mutandis (such that all changes and modifications to the defined terms and other terminology used in the Commitment Party RSA Covenants shall be made so that the Commitment Party RSA Covenants can be applied in a logical manner in this
Agreement), and the Commitment Parties shall perform, abide by and observe, for the benefit of the Company, all of the Commitment Party RSA Covenants as incorporated herein and modified hereby. 

35 

7. Conditions to Closing. 

7.1. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of the Commitment Parties. The obligations of the Commitment Parties, as applicable, to
purchase or cause to be purchased the Direct Allocation Shares pursuant to their respective Direct Allocation Commitments, subscribe for and purchase or cause to be subscribed for and purchased Rights Offering Securities and Backstop Securities
pursuant to their respective Rights Offering Commitments and Backstop Commitments, and to provide the Cash-Out Funding for the Company to purchase Sold Cash-Out
Securities, are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in writing by the Requisite Commitment Parties in their sole discretion) of each of the following conditions prior to or on the Plan Effective Date: 

(a) RSA. None of the following shall have occurred: (i) the RSA shall have been terminated in accordance with the provisions
thereof by Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than one-third of outstanding principal of Senior Notes; (ii) the RSA shall have been terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof by the
Company as to Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than one-third of outstanding principal of Senior Notes; (iii) the RSA shall have been invalidated or deemed unenforceable by an order of the
Bankruptcy Court or any other Governmental Body; and (iv) a default shall have occurred or termination right shall have been triggered under the RSA and that would permit Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than one-third of outstanding principal of Senior Notes on such date to terminate the RSA in accordance with its terms, except as has been waived or cured. 

(b) Plan and Plan Supplement. (i) the Plan, as confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court, shall be consistent with the RSA and otherwise
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties and (ii) the Plan Supplement (including all schedules, documents, and forms of documents contained therein or constituting a part thereof) shall be consistent with
the terms of the RSA and otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties. 

(c) Disclosure
Statement Order. (i) the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Disclosure Statement Order, (ii) the Disclosure Statement Order shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the RSA and otherwise in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties, and (iii) the Disclosure Statement Order shall be a Final Order (it being understood that the Confirmation Order may also be the Disclosure Statement Order for the purposes of this
Section 7.1(c)). 

(d) Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order. (i) the Bankruptcy Court
shall have entered the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, (ii) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the RSA and otherwise in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties, and (iii) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall be a Final Order. 

36 

(e) Confirmation Order. (i) the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the
Confirmation Order, (ii) the Confirmation Order shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the RSA and otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties, and (iii) the Confirmation
Order shall be a Final Order. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Confirmation Order shall contain the following specific findings of fact, conclusions of Law and Orders: (A) each of the Specified Issuances described in
clauses (a)(c) of the definition of Specified Issuances are exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act pursuant to section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, except that
any such Specified Issuances issued to an entity that is an underwriter with respect to such securities as that term is defined in Section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Codes shall be issued in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act; (B) each of the Specified Issuances described in clauses (d)(g) of the definition of Specified Issuances are exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of Section 5 of the Securities
Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; (C) the solicitation of acceptance or rejection of the Plan by the Commitment Parties and/or any of their respective Related Persons (if any such solicitation was made) was done in
good faith and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and, as such, the Commitment Parties and any of their respective Related Persons are entitled to the benefits and protections of section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy
Code; and (D) the participation by the Commitment Parties and/or any of their respective Related Persons in the offer, issuance, sale, or purchase of any security offered, issued, sold, or purchased under the Plan (if any such participation was
made) was done in good faith and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and, as such, the Commitment Parties and any of their respective Related Persons are entitled to the benefits and protections of section 1125(e) of
the Bankruptcy Code. 

(f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Plan. The conditions to the Plan Effective Date set forth in the Plan
shall have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with the Plan) in accordance with the Plan, and the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred or shall occur substantially simultaneously with the Closing. 

(g) Direct Allocation; Rights Offering and Backstop. (i) The issuance of the Direct Allocation Shares shall have been (or
concurrently with the Closing will be) consummated pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the Rights Offering shall have been conducted and consummated in accordance with the RSA and this Agreement, and (iii) all Rights Offering Securities and
Backstop Securities shall have been (or concurrently with the Closing will be) sold in connection with the Rights Offering and/or pursuant to this Agreement. 

(h) Cash-Out Offering. (i) The Sold Cash-Out
Securities shall have been (or concurrently with the Closing will be) purchased by the Company (ii) the Cash-Out Issued Equity shall have been (or concurrently with the Closing will be) issued to the
applicable Backstop Parties in accordance with this Agreement and (iii) the Cash-Out Offering shall have been conducted and consummated in accordance with the RSA and this Agreement. 

(i) New Shareholders Agreement. (i) The Company and all Persons that receive shares of Reorganized Common Equity pursuant to the
Plan (including pursuant to the Rights Offering or this Agreement) shall have been deemed, pursuant to the Plan, Confirmation Order, or otherwise, to be party to the New Shareholders Agreement, and (ii) the New Shareholders Agreement shall be
(A) consistent with the terms of the RSA and otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties, and (B) in full force and effect. 

37 

(j) Other Definitive Documents. All Definitive Documents (other than those Definitive
Documents described in a separate clause of this Section 7.1) shall (i) have been executed, delivered, and/or filed by the parties thereto, (ii) be consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the RSA and
otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties, and (iii) be, concurrently with the Closing, in full force and effect. 

(k) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, judgment or other
Order preventing the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Contemplated Transactions shall have been entered, issued, rendered or made, nor shall any Proceeding by a Governmental Body seeking any
of the foregoing be commenced, pending or threatened in writing that could reasonably be expected to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Contemplated Transactions; nor shall there be
any Law promulgated, enacted, entered, enforced, or deemed applicable to any of the Commitment Parties, the Company, or any of the other Company Entities which makes the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any
of the other Contemplated Transactions (including each of the Specified Issuances) illegal or void. 

(l) Notices and Consents. All
Governmental Body and material third party notifications, filings, waivers, authorizations, and other Consents, including Bankruptcy Court approval, necessary or required for the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any of the other Contemplated Transactions or the effectiveness of the Plan shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect. 

(m) Representations and Warranties of the Company. Each of the (i) representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement
(other than the Fundamental Representations) shall be true and correct as set forth in Section 3 hereof, except to the extent that any such inaccuracy would not reasonably be expected to prohibit, materially delay, or
materially and adversely impact the Companys performance or consummation of its obligations under this Agreement or the Restructuring Transactions or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) the Fundamental Representations shall
be true and correct in all respects as set forth in Section 3, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), at and as of the Execution Date and at and as of the Plan Effective Date as if made
at and as of the Plan Effective Date (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct as set forth in Section 3 (as contemplated by clause (i)
or (ii), as applicable) only as of the specified date). 

(n) Covenants. The Company and each of the other Company
Entities shall have complied with all covenants as set forth herein (including the Company RSA Covenants incorporated herein by reference) that are applicable to the Company Entities, except to the extent that any
non-compliance with such covenants would not reasonably be expected to prohibit, materially delay, or materially and adversely impact the Companys or any other Company Entitys performance or
consummation of its obligations under this Agreement or the Restructuring Transactions or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company Entities, taken as a whole. 

(o) Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred a Material Adverse Effect. 

38 

(p) Commitment Expenses. The Company shall have paid all Commitment Expenses that
remain unpaid as of the Plan Effective Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the RSA. 

(q) Put Option Premium.
The Company shall have paid, or shall pay contemporaneously with the Closing, the Put Option Premium in accordance with Sections 1.7(a) and 1.7(b). 

(r) Backstop Certificate. The Commitment Parties shall have received a Backstop Certificate in accordance with
Section 1.5(a). 

(s) No Registration; Compliance with Securities Laws. No Proceeding shall be threatened
in writing by a Governmental Body or pending or before any Governmental Body or other Person that alleges that any of the Specified Issuances is not exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of Section 5 of the
Securities Act. 

(t) Company Officers Certificate. The Commitment Parties shall have received on and as of the Plan Effective
Date a certificate of an executive officer of the Company confirming that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1(m), 7.1(n), and 7.1(o) hereof have been satisfied. 

(u) Valid Issuance. The Direct Allocation Shares, Rights Offering Securities, Cash-Out Issued
Equity, and Backstop Securities shall be, upon issuance, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable and free and clear of all Taxes, Encumbrances, pre-emptive rights,
rights of first refusal, subscription rights, and similar rights, except for any restrictions on transfer as may be imposed by applicable securities Laws or, in the case of the Reorganized Common Equity, the terms of the New Shareholders Agreement,
if any. 

(v) Liquidity. The cash and cash equivalents and available commitments of the Company (excluding any amounts available
under the Exit Facility) shall not be less than $10.0 million as of the Closing and, for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to the use of net cash proceeds (including the payment of all fees, expenses and any other such payments in
connection with the Restructuring Transactions) from the Restructuring Transactions as authorized by the Plan. 

7.2. Conditions
Precedent to Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to sell the Direct Allocation Shares, Rights Offering Securities, and Backstop Securities, as applicable, to each of the applicable Commitment Parties, and to purchase
the Sold Cash-Out Securities from the applicable Cash-Out Offering Participants and issue the Cash-Out Issued Equity to the
applicable Backstop Parties pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the following conditions precedent, each of which may be waived in writing by the Company in its sole discretion: 

(a) RSA. None of the following shall have occurred: (i) the RSA shall have been terminated in accordance with the provisions
thereof by Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than one-third of outstanding principal of Senior Notes; (ii) the RSA shall have been terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof by the
Company as to Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than one-third of outstanding principal of Senior Notes; (iii) the RSA 

39 

shall have been invalidated or deemed unenforceable by an order of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Governmental Body; and (iv) a default shall have occurred or termination right shall have
been triggered under the RSA that would permit the Company to terminate the RSA in accordance with its terms with respect to Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than one-third of outstanding principal
of Senior Notes on such date, except as has been waived or cured. 

(b) Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order. The
Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order. 

(c) Confirmation Order. The Bankruptcy
Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order and the Confirmation Order shall be a Final Order. 

(d) Conditions to Effectiveness of
Plan. The conditions to the Plan Effective Date set forth in the Plan shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the Plan, and the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred or shall occur simultaneously with the Closing. 

(e)Rights Offering. The Rights Offering shall have been consummated. 

(f)Cash-Out Offering. The Cash-Out Offering
shall have been consummated. 

(g) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No Law shall have been promulgated, enacted, entered,
enforced, or deemed applicable to the Commitment Parties, the Company or any other Company Entity which makes the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Contemplated Transactions (including each of
the Specified Issuances) illegal or void. 

(h) Representations and Warranties and Covenants of the Commitment Parties. Each of the
(i) representations and warranties of each Commitment Party in this Agreement shall be true and correct as set forth in Section 4 hereof, except to the extent that any inaccuracy with respect to such representations
and warranties would not reasonably be expected to prohibit, materially delay or materially and adversely impact the Commitment Parties performance or consummation of their obligations under this Agreement or the applicable Restructuring
Transactions (taken as a whole) and (ii) each Commitment Party shall have complied with all covenants in this Agreement applicable to it, except to the extent that any non-compliance would not reasonably
be expected to prohibit, materially delay, or materially and adversely impact the Commitment Parties performance or consummation of its obligations under this Agreement (taken as a whole). 

8. Termination. 

(a) Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement (including the Direct Allocation Commitments, the
Rights Offering Commitments, and the Backstop Commitments contemplated hereby) shall terminate automatically and immediately, without a need for any further action on the part of (or notice provided to) any Person, upon the earlier to occur of: 

40 

(i) the Bankruptcy Court enters an Order converting the Chapter 11 Case to a
case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, appointing a trustee or custodian for the Debtor or dismissing the Chapter 11 Case; and 

(ii) the date of any termination of the RSA with respect to all parties thereto (except if the RSA terminates as a result of
the occurrence of the Plan Effective Date in accordance with Section 11.05 the RSA). 

(b) This Agreement (including the Direct
Allocation Commitments, the Rights Offering Commitments, and the Backstop Commitments contemplated hereby) may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time by the Commitment Parties effective immediately upon
the giving by the Requisite Commitment Parties of written notice of termination to the Company: 

(i) if (A) the
Company or any of the other Company Entities shall have breached any of their respective representations or warranties or failed to perform any covenants or other obligations contained in this Agreement (including covenants incorporated into this
Agreement by reference), or any representation or warranty of the Company in this Agreement shall have been untrue when made and (B) any such breach, failure to perform, or occurrence referred to in clause (A) above (x) would result
in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.1 and (y) is not curable by the Milestone for the Plan Effective Date in the RSA (as may be extended or waived in accordance with the RSA) or is not cured or performed
within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a reasonably detailed written notice of such breach, failure, or occurrence is given to the Company by the Requisite Commitment Parties; provided, however, that the Requisite
Commitment Parties shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8(b)(i) if they failed to perform any material covenant or other material obligations under this Agreement that caused the
failure of any condition set forth in Section 7.1 from being satisfied; 

(ii) if any of the
conditions set forth in Section 7.1 hereof become incapable of fulfillment by the Milestone for the Plan Effective Date in the RSA (as may be extended or waived in accordance with the RSA); 

(iii) if the RSA has been terminated by Consenting Senior Noteholders holding more than
one-third of outstanding principal of Senior Notes; 

(iv) if the Company or any of
the other Company Entities (including by or through any of their Representatives) (A) enters into, or publicly announces its intention to enter to, a definitive agreement with respect to any Alternative Restructuring Proposal (as defined in the
RSA), (B) files any pleading or document (including with the Bankruptcy Court) agreeing to, evidencing its intention to support, or otherwise supporting, any Alternative Restructuring Proposal, or (C) consummates any Alternative Restructuring
Proposal; 

41 

(v) if a Funding Default shall occur and
Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties and/or Substitute Purchasers do not elect to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased all of the Default Securities (or, with respect to any
Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) in accordance with Section 1.5(c) and Section 1.5(d); 

(vi) if any Law or Order has been enacted or entered by any Governmental Body that operates to prevent, restrict, or impair
the implementation of the Rights Offering, the Cash-Out Offering, the issuance of the Direct Allocation Shares pursuant to this Agreement, or any of the Contemplated Transactions; 

(vii) if the Closing shall not occur on or prior to the Milestone for the Plan Effective Date in the RSA (as may be extended
or waived in accordance with the RSA); 

(viii) if there has occurred, since the date of this Agreement, a Material Adverse
Effect; 

(ix) if any Company Entity, without the consent of the Requisite Commitment Parties (A) commences a
voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code other than the Chapter 11 Case; (B) consents to the appointment of, or taking possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, or sequestrator (or similar official) of any Company
Entity or the property or assets of any Company Entity; (C) seeks any arrangement, adjustment, protection, or relief of its debts other than the Chapter 11 Case; or (D) makes any general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or 

(x) if (A) an involuntary case against any Company Entity is commenced under the Bankruptcy Code that is not dismissed or
withdrawn within seven (7) Business Days or (B) a court of competent jurisdiction enters a ruling, judgment, or Order and such order is not reversed after seven (7) Business Days from entry that appoints, or that authorizes or permits
the taking of possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of any Company Entity, any Equity Interests held by any Company Entity, or a material portion of the property or assets of any
Company Entity. 

(c) This Agreement (including the Direct Allocation Commitments, the Rights Offering Commitments, and the Backstop
Commitments hereunder) may be terminated at any time by the Company effective immediately upon the Companys giving of written notice of termination to the Commitment Parties if: 

(i) (A) any of the Commitment Parties shall have breached or failed to perform any of their respective representations,
warranties, covenants, or other obligations contained in this Agreement, or any representation or warranty of any of the Commitment Parties in this Agreement shall have been untrue when made, and (B) any such breach, failure to perform or
occurrence referred to in clause (A) above (x) would result in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.2 and (y) is 

42 

not curable, or is not cured or performed within ten (10) Business Days after the Company provides the Requisite Commitment Parties with a reasonably detailed written notice of such breach,
failure, or occurrence; provided, however, that if a Funding Default or any other breach, failure to perform, or occurrence referred to in clause (A) above shall occur, the Company shall not be permitted to terminate this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to this Section 8(c) unless, in the case of a Funding Default, Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties do not elect to commit to
purchase or cause to be purchased all of the Default Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) in accordance with Section 1.5(c) and
one or more Substitute Purchasers do not agree to purchase all of the Default Securities (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase) that
Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties have not elected to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased; or 

(ii) if any Law or Order has been enacted or entered by any Governmental Body that operates to prevent, restrict, or impair
the implementation of the Rights Offering, the Cash-Out Offering, the issuance of the Direct Allocation Shares pursuant to this Agreement, or any of the Contemplated Transactions. 

(d) This Agreement (including the Direct Allocation Commitments, the Rights Offering Commitment, and the Backstop Commitments contemplated
hereby) may be terminated at any time by written consent of the Company and the Requisite Commitment Parties. 

(e) Within five
(5) Business Days following the termination of this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Put Option Premium, in cash, to the Commitment Parties as set forth on Schedule 1 and Schedule 2 hereto, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by each Commitment Party; provided, however, that the Put Option Premium shall not be payable in the event of (i) a termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to
Section 8(c)(i), (ii) a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8(a)(ii) as a result of a termination of the RSA by the Company pursuant to Section 11.02(a) of the RSA,
(iii) a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8(a)(ii) as a result of a termination of the RSA by the Consenting Senior Noteholders pursuant to Section 11.01(g) of the RSA or a termination of this
Agreement by the Commitment Parties pursuant to Section 8(b)(vii), in either case, if the failure to meet such Milestone is a result of the material breach by the Commitment Parties of their respective obligations under
this Agreement or the RSA; or (iv) any termination of this Agreement by the Company that is the direct result of the material breach of or material failure of the Commitment Parties to perform any representation, warranty, covenant, or other
obligations under this Agreement. 

(f) In the event of a termination of this Agreement in accordance with this
Section 8 at a time after all or any portion of the Aggregate Purchase Price has been deposited or caused to be deposited with the Subscription Agent by or on behalf of any of the Commitment Parties or all or any portion of
the aggregate Cash-Out Price or Purchase Price for Default Securities that any of the Commitment Parties elects to commit to purchase or cause to be purchased (or, with respect to any Cash-Out Funding, to fund to the Company to purchase), the Commitment Parties that have deposited or caused to be deposited such Aggregate Purchase Price (or portion thereof) or such aggregate Cash-Out Price or Purchase Price 

43 

(or portion thereof) shall be entitled to the return of such amount. In such a case, the applicable Commitment Parties and the Company hereby agree to execute and deliver to the Subscription
Agent, promptly after the effective date of any such termination (but in any event no later than two (2) Business Days after any such effective date), a letter instructing the Subscription Agent to pay to each applicable Commitment Party, by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by such Commitment Party, the amount of Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price, Aggregate Purchase Price, aggregate Cash-Out Price,
and/or aggregate Purchase Price for Default Securities that such Commitment Party is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 8(f). 

(g) In the event of a termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 8, the provisions of this
Agreement shall immediately become void and of no further force or effect (other than Sections 2.2, 8, 9, 11, 12, and 13 hereof (and any defined terms used in any such Sections (but solely
to the extent used in any such Sections))). 

9. Indemnification. 

(a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Contemplated Transactions are consummated, the Company
and its Subsidiaries (the Indemnifying Parties and each, an Indemnifying Party) shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless (i) each of the Commitment Parties, (ii) each of the Affiliates,
stockholders, equity holders, members, partners, general partners, managers of each of the Commitment Parties, and (iii) with respect to each of the Persons in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), each of their respective
Representatives and controlling persons (each, in such capacity, an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees), interest, penalties, judgments, and settlements, whether or not related to a third party claim, imposed on, sustained, incurred or
suffered by, or asserted against, any Indemnified Party as a result of, arising out of, or related to, a claim asserted by a third-party arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Direct Allocation Commitments, the Direct Allocation Shares,
the Cash-Out Funding, the Rights Offering Commitments, the Backstop Commitments, the payment of the Put Option Premium, the use of the proceeds of the Rights Offering, the Backstop Securities, the Cash-Out Funding, the purchase by the Company of the Sold Cash-Out Securities and subsequent issuance to the applicable Backstop Parties of the
Cash-Out Issued Equity, the sale of the Direct Allocation Shares and the Rights Offering Securities, the Rights Offering, the Plan (or the solicitation thereof), the Restructuring Transactions, the Chapter 11
Case, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any of the other Contemplated Transactions, or any claim, litigation, investigation or other Proceeding relating to or arising out of any of the foregoing, regardless of whether any such
Indemnified Party is a party thereto, whether or not such proceedings are brought by the Company Entities, their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors, or any other Person, and to pay and/or reimburse each such Indemnified Party for the
reasonable and documented (with such documentation subject to redaction to preserve attorney client and work product privileges) legal or other third-party out-of-pocket
costs and expenses as they are incurred in connection with investigating, monitoring, responding to, preparing to defend, or defending any of the foregoing (collectively, Losses); provided that the foregoing indemnification
will not, as to any Indemnified Party, apply to Losses (i) to the extent arising from a breach by a Commitment Party of this Agreement, (ii) as to a Defaulting Commitment Party or any Indemnified Party related

44 

thereto, or (iii) to the extent they are determined by a final, non-appealable decision by a court of competent jurisdiction (including the Bankruptcy
Court) to have resulted from any act by such Indemnified Party that constitutes fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold
it harmless, then the Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Loss in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Indemnifying
Parties, on the one hand, and such Indemnified Party, on the other hand, but also the relative fault of the Indemnifying Parties, on the one hand, and such Indemnified Party, on the other hand, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. It is
hereby agreed that the relative benefits to the Indemnifying Parties, on the one hand, and all Indemnified Parties, on the other hand, shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (i) the total value received or proposed to be received by
the Indemnifying Parties pursuant to the sale of the maximum number of Backstop Securities to the Backstop Parties pursuant to this Agreement bears to (ii) the Put Option Premium. The Indemnifying Parties also agree that no Indemnified Party
shall have any liability based on their comparative or contributory negligence to the Indemnifying Parties, any Person asserting claims on behalf of or in the right of any of the Indemnifying Parties, or any other Person in connection with an
Action. The terms set forth in this Section 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of whether the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other
Contemplated Transactions are consummated. The indemnity obligations of the Indemnifying Parties under this Section 9 are in addition to, and do not limit, the Companys obligations under
Section 2.2 and Section 8 and are in all respects subject to the limitations set forth in the second and third sentences set forth in Section 13.7 hereof. 

(b) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party of notice of the commencement of any Proceeding with respect to which such Indemnified
Party may be entitled to indemnification hereunder (Actions), such Indemnified Party will, if a claim is to be made hereunder against any Indemnifying Party in respect thereof, notify the Company in writing of the commencement
thereof; provided that (i) the omission to so notify the Company will not relieve any Indemnifying Party from any liability it may have hereunder except to the extent (and solely to the extent) such Indemnifying Party has been actually
and materially prejudiced by such failure, and (ii) the omission to so notify the Company will not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Party otherwise than on account of this
Section 9. In case any such Actions are brought against any Indemnified Party and such Indemnified Party notifies the Company of the commencement thereof, if the Indemnifying Party commits in writing to fully indemnify and
hold harmless the Indemnified Party with respect to such Actions, without regard to whether the Plan Effective Date occurs, the Indemnifying Party will be entitled to participate in such Actions, and, to the extent that the Indemnifying Party elects
by written notice delivered to such Indemnified Party, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party, provided that if the defendants in any such Actions include both such Indemnified Party and
one or more Indemnifying Parties and such Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded based on the advice of outside legal counsel that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or additional to those available to the
Indemnifying Party, such Indemnified Party shall have the right to select separate counsel to assert such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such Actions on behalf of such Indemnified Party. Following the date of receipt
by an Indemnified Party of such indemnification commitment from the Indemnifying Party and notice from the Indemnifying Party of its election 

45 

to assume the defense of such Actions and approval by such Indemnified Party of counsel, the Indemnifying Party(ies) shall not be liable to such Indemnified Party for expenses incurred by such
Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof after such date (other than reasonable costs of investigation and monitoring) unless (w) such Indemnified Party shall have employed separate counsel in connection with the assertion of
legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, (x) the Indemnifying Party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party to represent such Indemnified Party at the
Indemnifying Partys expense within a reasonable time (such reasonable time shall not be less than 15 days) after notice of commencement of the Actions, (y) after the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of such Actions, such Indemnified
Party reasonably determines that the Indemnifying Party is failing to diligently defend against such Actions in good faith and provides written notice of such determination and the basis for such determination, and such failure is not reasonably
cured within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of such notice, or (z) the Company shall have authorized in writing the employment of counsel for such Indemnified Party. 

(c) The Indemnifying Party shall not, without the prior written consent of an Indemnified Party, effect any settlement, compromise or other
resolution of any pending or threatened Actions in respect of which indemnity has been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party unless such settlement, compromise or other resolution (i) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified
Party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party from all liability on the claims that are the subject matter of such Actions and (ii) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a
failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party(ies) shall not be liable for any settlement of any Action effected by any Indemnified Party without the written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). If any settlement of any Action is consummated with the written consent of the Indemnifying Party or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such Actions, the Indemnifying Party
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Losses by reason of such settlement or judgment to the extent such Losses are otherwise subject to indemnification by any of the Indemnifying Parties hereunder
in accordance with, and subject to the limitations of, this Section 9. 

10. Survival. The
representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements made in this Agreement shall not survive the Closing except to the extent that covenants and agreements made in this Agreement by their terms are to be satisfied or complied with after the
Closing, which covenants and agreements (but only to such extent) shall survive until fully satisfied or complied with in accordance with their terms. 

11. Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement or the Rights Offering Procedures or Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Procedures may be amended or modified and the compliance with any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only if such amendment, modification or waiver is signed,
in the case of an amendment or modification to this Agreement, by the Requisite Commitment Parties and the Company, in the case of an amendment to the Rights Offering Procedures or Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures, with the prior written
consent of the Requisite Commitment Parties and the Company, or in the case of a waiver, by the Requisite Commitment Parties (if compliance by the Company or other Company Entities is being waived) or by the Requisite Commitment Parties and the
Company (if compliance by any of the Commitment Parties is being waived); provided, however, that: 

46 

(a)Schedule 1 and Schedule 2 hereto may be updated in accordance with
the terms of Section 13.1 hereof; 

(b) any amendment or modification to this Agreement or the Rights Offering
Procedures or Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures that would, directly or indirectly, change or have the effect of changing the Direct Allocation Shares, Direct Allocation Purchase Price, Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price, Cash-Out Funding, or the Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage of any Commitment Party, in each case, shall require the prior written consent of such Commitment Party; 

(c) any amendment or modification to this Agreement, the Rights Offering Procedures, or the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures that
would, directly or indirectly, (i) change or have the effect of changing the Backstop Commitment Percentage of any Commitment Party, Purchase Price, or Cash-Out Price, (ii) decrease the Put Option
Premium or adversely modify the payment thereof, or (iii) increase the Backstop Commitment of any Commitment Party, in each case, shall require the prior written consent of such Commitment Party; 

(d) any amendment or modification to the definition of Aggregate Purchase Price or the allocation of the Put Option Premium among
the Commitment Parties shall (in any such case) require the prior written consent of each Commitment Party adversely affected thereby; 

(e) any amendment, modification, or waiver to this Agreement, the Rights Offering Procedures, or the Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Procedures that would adversely affect any of the rights or obligations (as applicable) of any Commitment Party set forth in this Agreement, the Rights Offering Procedures, or the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures in a manner that is
different or disproportionate in any material respect from the effect on the comparable rights or obligations (as applicable) of the Requisite Commitment Parties set forth in this Agreement, the Rights Offering Procedures, or the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout Procedures (other than in proportion to the amount of the Direct Allocation Commitments and Backstop Commitments held by each of the Commitment Parties) shall also require the written consent of such affected Commitment Party;

(f) any changes to the definitions of Put Option Premium, Backstop Premium, Direct Allocation
Premium, Rights Offering Amount, Direct Allocation Amount, Total Offering Amount, Requisite Commitment Parties, Rights Offering Participants, Aggregate Direct Allocation
Shares, Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap, or Cash-Out Offering Participants shall require the consent of each Commitment Party; and 

(g) any modification or amendment to this Section 11 shall require the consent of all parties hereto, 

47 

in each case, except to the extent that any such amendment is made for the purposes of
(i) correcting an error or omission of a technical nature or (ii) curing any ambiguity, omission, defect, or inconsistency. No delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, power, or privilege pursuant to this Agreement will
operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any waiver on the part of any party of any right, power, or privilege pursuant to this Agreement, or any single or partial exercise of any right, power, or privilege pursuant to this Agreement, preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege pursuant to this Agreement. The rights and remedies provided pursuant to this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which any
party otherwise may have at Law or in equity. 

12. Notices, etc. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
all notices, requests, demands, document deliveries, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given, provided, made, or received (a) when sent by electronic mail (e-mail), (b) when delivered personally, (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service, or (d) three (3) Business Days after mailed by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, in any such case to the parties at the following addresses or e-mail addresses (or at such other address or e-mail
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice): 

if to a Commitment Party, at: 

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 

1285 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, NY 10019-6064 

Attention: Jacob A. Adlerstein 

Sean A. Mitchell 

Joshua A. Esses 

Email: jadlerstein@paulweiss.com 

smitchell@paulweiss.com 

jesses@paulweiss.com 

48 

if to the Company, at: 

Cutera, Inc. 

3240 Bayshore Blvd.

Brisbane, CA 94005 

Attention: Stephana E. Patton 

Email: SPatton@cutera.com 

with copies to: 

Ropes &
Gray, LLP 

1211 Avenue of Americas 

New York, NY 10036-8704 

Attention: Ryan Preston Dahl 

Natasha S. Hwangpo 

Sam Badawi 

Email: Ryan.Dahl@ropesgray.com 

Natasha.Hwangpo@ropesgray.com 

Sam.Badawi@ropesgray.com 

provided, however, that no notice, request, demand, document, or other communication delivered pursuant to clause (b),
clause (c), or clause (d) above shall be deemed to have been duly given, provided, made, or received unless and until the sending party notifies the receiving party by e-mail of such
delivery (including a reasonable description thereof). 

13. Miscellaneous. 

13.1. Assignments. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests, or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned by any of the parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of
the Company and the Requisite Commitment Parties. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, any Commitment Partys rights, obligations, or interests hereunder, including its Direct Allocation Commitment, may be freely assigned or
transferred, in whole or in part, by such Commitment Party to (a) any other Commitment Party, (b) any Affiliate of a Commitment Party, or (c) any other Person not referred to in clause (a) or clause (b) above so long as such
Person is approved in writing by the Requisite Commitment Parties and the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed, prior to such assignment, delegation, or transfer and shall be deemed granted if not denied by
the Company or the Requisite Commitment Parties within four (4) Business Days after the assigning Commitment Party provides written notice to the other Commitment Parties and the Company (for purposes of this clause (c), the Commitment Party
proposing to make such assignment or transfer, and all of its Affiliates, shall be deemed to be Defaulting Commitment Parties for purposes of determining whether the definition of Requisite Commitment Parties has been satisfied). Any
such assignee (x) shall assume the obligations of the assigning Commitment Party hereunder and, if such assignee is not 

49 

already a Commitment Party, agrees in writing, pursuant to a Joinder Agreement, prior to such assignment to be bound by the terms hereof in the same manner as the assigning Commitment Party
(which writing shall contain a certification from the assignee as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by each Commitment Party in Section 4 hereof as applied to such assignee), and (y) of a
Direct Allocation Commitment, a Rights Offering Commitment, or a Backstop Commitment must be an Accredited Investor or Qualified Institutional Buyer. Following any assignment described in the immediately preceding sentence, Schedule 1 and/or
Schedule 2 hereto shall be updated by the Commitment Parties accordingly (in consultation with the Company) (it being understood and agreed that (1) updates to Schedule 1 hereto shall not result in an overall change to the
aggregate Backstop Commitment Percentages for all Backstop Parties and (2) updates to Schedule 2 hereto shall not result in an overall change to the aggregate Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage or Aggregate Direct Allocation
Purchase Price for all Direct Allocation Parties). Any update to Schedule 1 and/or Schedule 2 hereto described in the immediately preceding sentence shall not be deemed an amendment to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
any other provisions herein, unless otherwise agreed in any instance by the Company and the Requisite Commitment Parties (for purposes of this sentence, the Commitment Party making such assignment, and all of its Affiliates, shall be deemed to be
Defaulting Commitment Parties for purposes of determining whether the definition of Requisite Commitment Parties has been satisfied), no assignment of obligations by a Commitment Party to an Affiliate of such Commitment Party will
relieve the assigning Commitment Party of its obligations hereunder if any such Affiliate assignee fails to perform such obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Commitment Parties shall be permitted to make designations in accordance with
Section 2.1(c). 

13.2. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any
such provision to any Person or circumstance, shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part thereof and the remaining part of such provision and this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon any such determination of invalidity, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a reasonably acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as
originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

13.3. Entire Agreement. Except as expressly set forth herein, this
Agreement and the RSA constitute the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and replace and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof. 

13.4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which will be an original, and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one agreement. Minor variations in the form of the signature page to this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, including footers from
earlier versions of this Agreement or any such other document, will be disregarded in determining the effectiveness of such signature. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or portable document format (PDF) will be
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

50 

13.5. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

13.6. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party to this Agreement hereby (a) consents to submit itself to the personal
jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court, the federal court of the Southern District of New York or any state court located in New York County, State of New York in the event any dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, including a motion to dismiss on the grounds of forum non
conveniens, and (c) agrees that it will not bring any Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the Bankruptcy Court, the federal court of the
Southern District of New York or any state court located in New York County, State of New York; provided, however, that, to the extent applicable, during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Case, all such Proceedings shall be brought
in the Bankruptcy Court; providedfurther that if the Bankruptcy Court lacks jurisdiction, the parties consent and agree that such Proceedings shall be brought in another court referenced in clause (a) of this
Section 13.6. 

13.7. Waiver of Trial by Jury; Waiver of Certain Damages. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF ANY DISPUTE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY SUCH RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS. Except as prohibited by Law, the
Company and each Commitment Party hereby waives, on its own behalf and, with respect to the Company, on behalf of each other Company Entities, any right which it may have to claim or recover in any Proceeding referred to in the immediately preceding
sentence any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages or any damages other than, or in addition to, actual damages. Each of the Company and each Commitment Party (a) certifies, as to itself, that none of the other Commitment
Parties nor any Representative of any of the Commitment Parties, nor the Company has represented, expressly or otherwise, that the other Commitment Parties or the Company would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waivers
and (b) acknowledges that, in entering into this Agreement, the Company and the other Commitment Parties are relying upon, among other things, the waivers and certifications contained in this Section 13.7. 

13.8. Further Assurances. From time to time after the Execution Date, the parties hereto will execute, acknowledge, and deliver
to the other parties hereto such other documents, instruments and certificates, and will take such other actions, as any other party hereto may reasonably request in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

51 

13.9. Specific Performance. The Company and the Commitment Parties acknowledge
and agree that (a) irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached, and (b) remedies at Law would not be adequate
to compensate the non-breaching party. Accordingly, the Company and the Commitment Parties agree that each of them shall have the right, in addition to any other rights and remedies existing in its favor, to
an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce its rights and obligations hereunder not only by an Proceeding or Proceedings for damages but also by an Proceeding or Proceedings for specific
performance, injunctive and/or other equitable relief. The right to equitable relief, including specific performance or injunctive relief, shall exist notwithstanding, and shall not be limited by, any other provision of this Agreement. The Company
and each of the Commitment Parties hereby waives any defense that a remedy at Law is adequate and any requirement to post bond or other security in connection with Proceedings instituted for injunctive relief, specific performance, or other
equitable remedies. 

13.10. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not in any way
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

13.11. Interpretation; Rules of Construction. When a reference is
made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference is to an Article or Section of, or Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires,
(a) words of any gender include each other gender; (b) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (c) the terms hereof, herein,
hereby and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement; and (d) the words include, includes and including when used herein shall be deemed in each case
to be followed by the words without limitation. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by legal counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any regulation,
holding, rule of construction or Law providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document. 

13.12. Several, Not Joint, Obligations. The representations, warranties, covenants and other obligations of the Commitment
Parties under this Agreement are, in all respects, several and not joint or joint and several, such that no Commitment Party shall be liable or otherwise responsible for any representations, warranties, covenants, or other obligations of any other
Commitment Party, or any breach or violation thereof. 

13.13. Disclosure. Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, the
Company will not, and will ensure that the other Company Entities do not, disclose to any Person (including by filing a copy of this Agreement with the Bankruptcy Court) any of the information set forth on each of the Commitment Parties
signature pages, Schedule 1 hereto, or Schedule 2 hereto, except for (a) disclosures made with the prior written consent of each Commitment Party whose information will be disclosed, (b) disclosures to the Companys
Representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and subject to their agreement to be bound by the confidentiality provisions hereof, and (c) disclosures to parties to this Agreement solely for purposes of calculating the
Adjusted Backstop Commitment Percentage of a Non-Defaulting Commitment Party and/or the Adjusted Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage of a Non-Defaulting Commitment
Party. 

52 

13.14. No Recourse Party. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or
implied in this Agreement, and notwithstanding the fact that certain of the Commitment Parties may be partnerships or limited liability companies, the Company and the Commitment Parties covenant, agree, and acknowledge that no recourse under this
Agreement shall be had against any former, current or future directors, officers, agents, Affiliates, general or limited partners, members, managers, employees, stockholders, or equity holders of any Commitment Party, or any former, current or
future directors, officers, agents, Affiliates, employees, general or limited partners, members, managers, employees, stockholders, equity holders, or controlling persons of any of the foregoing, as such (any such Person, a No Recourse
Party), whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable Law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no liability whatsoever shall
attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any No Recourse Party for any obligation of any Commitment Party under this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. 

13.15. Settlement Discussions. Nothing herein shall be deemed an admission of any kind. Pursuant to Federal Rule of
Evidence 408 and any applicable state rules of evidence, this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any Proceeding other than a Proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement. 

13.16. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended to be solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not
intended to confer any benefits upon, or create any rights in favor of, any Person other than the parties hereto and other than (a) the Indemnified Parties with respect to Section 9 hereof and (b) each No Recourse
Party with respect to Section 13.14 hereof. 

13.17. Arms Length.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Commitment Parties are acting solely in the capacity of arms length contractual counterparties to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and the other Contemplated
Transactions (including in connection with determining the terms of the Rights Offering and Cash-Out Offering) and not as financial advisors or fiduciaries to, or agents of, the Company, the other Company
Entities, or any other Person. Additionally, the Commitment Parties are not advising the Company, the other Company Entities, or any other Person as to any legal, Tax, investment, accounting, or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company
shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby and the other Contemplated Transactions, and the Commitment
Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company or any other Company Entity with respect thereto. Any review by the Commitment Parties of the business, financial condition or affairs of the Company or the other Company Entities, the
Contemplated Transactions or other matters relating to the Contemplated Transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Commitment Parties and shall not be on behalf of the Company or the other Company Entities. 

14. Definitions. 

14.1. Definitions in the RSA. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have
the meanings given to such terms in the RSA (as in effect on the Execution Date). 

53 

14.2. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement the following terms
have the following respective meanings: 

Accredited Investor shall have the meaning given to it in Rule 501(a) of the
Securities Act. 

Adjusted Backstop Commitment Percentage means, with respect to any
Non-Defaulting Commitment Party, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Backstop Commitment Percentage of such Non-Defaulting Commitment
Party and the denominator of which is the sum of the Backstop Commitment Percentages of all Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties. 

Adjusted Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage means, with respect to any
Non-Defaulting Commitment Party, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage of such Non-Defaulting
Commitment Party and the denominator of which is the sum of the Direct Allocation Commitment Percentages of all Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person controlled by, controlling or under common control with such
Person. As used in this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control with) shall mean possession,
directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies of a Person (whether through ownership of securities, by Contract or otherwise). A Related Fund of any Person shall be deemed to be the Affiliate of such
Person. 

Aggregate Purchase Price means, with respect to each Commitment Party, to the extent applicable, such
Commitment Partys Aggregate Backstop Purchase Price, Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price, Aggregate Rights Offering Purchase Price, and Cash-Out Funding. 

Allowed shall have the meaning given to it in the Plan. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means any applicable Law relating to anti-bribery or anti-corruption (governmental or commercial),
including, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and any other applicable Law that prohibits the corrupt payment, offer, promise or authorization of the payment or transfer of anything of value (including gifts
or entertainment), directly or indirectly, to any Person, including any Governmental Body. 

Backstop Commitment
Percentage means, with respect to any Backstop Party, the percentage set forth opposite the name of such Backstop Party under the heading Backstop Commitment Percentage on Schedule 1 hereto, as such percentage may be
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof; and Backstop Commitment Percentages means the Backstop Commitment Percentages of all of the Backstop Parties collectively. 

Bankruptcy Rules means the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, as promulgated by the United States Supreme Court under
section 2075 of title 28 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time, applicable to the Chapter 11 Case and/or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and any Local Rules of the Bankruptcy Court. 

54 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks in New York City, New York are authorized or required by Law to be closed. 

Cash-Out Agent means Kurtzman Carson Consultant, LLC d/b/a Verita Global. 

Cash-Out Deadline means the date that is thirty-five (35) days after the
Petition Date, or otherwise has the meaning given to such term in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures. 

Cash-Out Offering Participants means each holder of Allowed Senior Notes Claims that is not a Commitment Party. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Commitment Expenses means (i) the reasonable means the reasonable and documented prepetition and postpetition fees,
costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred or accrued by the Commitment Parties, including, without limitation, those of: (a) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,
Wharton & Garrison LLP, as counsel to the Commitment Parties; (b) Porter Hedges LLP, as co-counsel to the Commitment Parties; and (c) Centerview Partners LLC, as financial advisor and
investment banker to the Commitment Parties, and (ii) any such fees, costs, or out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with any Proceeding (including the
filing of any lawsuit, or the assertion in the Chapter 11 Case of a request for reimbursement) taken by any Commitment Party that results in a non-appealable final judgment for the Commitment Parties to
collect any unpaid amounts described in subsection (i) of this definition. 

Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Procedures means the procedures governing the Cash-Out Offering, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties and the Company and shall provide, among other
things, that any Cash-Out Offering Participant (i) that exercises its Subscription Rights may not exercise its Cash-Out Rights and (ii) shall return its cash-out election form to the Cash-Out Agent no later than the Subscription Form and Funding Deadline in order to exercise its Cash-Out
Rights. 

Company Entity means each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. 

Consent means any consent, waiver, approval, Order, or authorization of, or registration, declaration, or filing with or
notice to, any Governmental Body or other Person. 

Contemplated Transactions means all of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the RSA, the Disclosure Statement, the Rights Offering Procedures, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures, the Plan, and/or the other Definitive Documents. 

Contract means any agreement, contract, obligation, promise, undertaking or understanding, whether written or oral. 

Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage means, with respect to any Direct Allocation Party, the percentage set forth
opposite the name of such Direct Allocation Party under the heading Direct Allocation Commitment Percentage on Schedule 2 hereto, as such percentage may be modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof; and
Direct Allocation Commitment Percentages means the Direct Allocation Commitment Percentages of all of the Direct Allocation Parties collectively. 

55 

Encumbrance means any charge, claim, community property interest,
condition, equitable interest, lien, option, pledge, security interest, mortgage, right of first refusal or restriction of any kind, including any restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of
ownership. 

Environmental Laws means all applicable Laws relating to pollution or protection of natural resources or
the environment, or the generation, use, treatment, storage, handling, transportation or Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Substances, including, without limitation, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.),
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 3000(f) et seq.), Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C.
7401 et seq.), Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) and other similar federal, state, provincial, and local statutes. 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, the shares (or any class thereof) of capital stock (including common
stock and preferred stock), limited liability company interests, partnership interests and any other equity, ownership, or profits interests of such Person, and options, warrants, rights, stock appreciation rights, phantom units, incentives,
commitments, calls, redemption rights, repurchase rights or other securities or agreements to acquire or subscribe for, or which are convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, the shares (or any class thereof) of capital stock (including
common stock and preferred stock), limited liability company interests, partnership interests and any other equity, ownership, or profits interests of such Person (in each case whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment
agreement). 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations issued
thereunder. 

FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration. 

Final Order means, as applicable, an Order of the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction with respect to
the relevant subject matter that has not been reversed, stayed, modified, or amended and is in full force and effect, and as to which the time to appeal or seek certiorari has expired and no appeal or petition for certiorari has been timely taken,
or as to which any appeal that has been taken or any petition for certiorari that has been or may be filed has been resolved by the highest court to which the Order could be appealed or from which certiorari could be sought or the new trial,
reargument, or rehearing shall have been denied, resulted in no modification of such Order, or has otherwise been dismissed with prejudice. 

Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3(a), 3.3(b), 3.5, 3.6, and 3.7 hereof. 

HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the related regulations. 

56 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States,
as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. 

Governmental Authorization means any authorization, approval,
consent, license, registration, lease, ruling, permit, tariff, certification, Order, privilege, franchise, membership, entitlement, exemption, filing or registration by, with, or issued by, any Governmental Body. 

Governmental Body means any federal, national, supranational, foreign, state, provincial, local, county, municipal or other
government, any governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency, department, bureau, board, commission or official or any quasi-governmental or private body exercising any regulatory, taxing, importing or other governmental or
quasi-governmental authority, or any court, tribunal, judicial or arbitral body. 

Government Official means
(i) any official, employee, agent, or representative of, or any Person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, any Governmental Body, (ii) any official, employee, agent, or representative of, or any Person acting in an official
capacity for or on behalf of, a company, business, enterprise or other entity owned, in whole or in part, or controlled by any Governmental Body or (iii) any official, employee, agent, or representative of, or any Person acting in an official
capacity for or on behalf of, a public international organization. 

Hazardous Substance means any toxic or hazardous
material, substance or waste regulated under any Environmental Laws, including petroleum, any per- or polyfluoroalkyl substances, any polychlorinated biphenyls, radon, and any asbestos. 

Health Care Laws mean, collectively, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Anti-Inducement Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a(a)(5)), the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the
administrative False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(a)), the Stark law (42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320d et seq.) as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7), the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.), and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the regulations promulgated pursuant to
such laws, and any other state, federal or foreign law, regulation, or other issuance which imposes requirements on the manufacturing, development, testing, labeling, advertising, marketing, or distribution of medical devices, kickbacks, patient, or
program charges, recordkeeping, claims process, documentation requirements, medical necessity, referrals, exclusion of individuals or companies from government health care programs, quality, safety, privacy, security, licensure, or any other aspect
of providing health care or medical products or services. 

International Trade Laws means any of the following:
(a) any Laws concerning the importation of merchandise and other items (including technology, services, and software), including but not limited to those administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (b) any Laws concerning the
exportation or re-exportation of items (including technology, services, and software), including but not limited to those administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State; or
(c) any economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC), the U.S. State Department, the United Nations, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, or any
other applicable economic sanctions. 

57 

IP Rights means, as they exist anywhere in the world, whether registered
or unregistered, any and all: (a) patents and applications therefor (including all continuations, divisionals, revisions, extensions, reexaminations, and
continuations-in-part thereof and patents issuing thereon, along with all reissues, reexaminations, and extensions thereof); (b) trademarks, service marks, trade names,
service names, brand names, trade dress rights, logos, corporate names, trade styles, taglines, and other source or business identifiers, together with translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof (in each case, whether
registered or unregistered), including all goodwill associated therewith, and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith; (c) domain names and social media accounts; (d) copyrights and rights in original works of
authorship, whether or not registered or published, all registrations and recordations thereof, and all applications for registration or recordation in connection therewith, along with all reversions, extensions, renewals and restorations thereof
and all moral rights in connection with all of the foregoing; (e) trade secrets, know-how, inventions, processes, procedures, databases, and other confidential business information (including confidential
financial and marketing plans, customer and supplier lists, and pricing and cost information), and other proprietary information and rights; (f) software, firmware, microcode, operating systems, applications and embedded applications, computer
programs and other software programs, including all source code, object code, specifications, data, databases and data collections, designs, descriptions, schematics and documentation, including user documentation, user manuals and training
materials, files, related to any of the foregoing; (g) all other similar intellectual property or intangible proprietary rights to the foregoing (in whatever form or medium); and (h) all rights to sue or recover and retain damages and
costs and attorneys fees for past, present and future infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of any of the foregoing. 

IRS means the Internal Revenue Service and any Governmental Body succeeding to the functions thereof. 

Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A. 

Knowledge of the Company means the knowledge of Taylor C. Harris, Stuart
Drummond, Jeff Jones, Stephana Patton, or any other member of the executive leadership team, and, in the case of each of the foregoing, any of their respective successors. 

Law means any federal, national, supranational, foreign, state, provincial, local, county, municipal or similar statute,
law, common law, writ, injunction, decree, guideline, policy, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, Order, Governmental Authorization, constitution, treaty, requirement, judgment or judicial or administrative doctrines enacted, promulgated, issued,
enforced, or entered by any Governmental Body. 

Material Adverse Effect means any matter, event, circumstance, change,
development, occurrence or state of facts (each, an Effect) that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on: 

58 

(a) the assets, liabilities, business, results of operations, finances or condition
(financial or otherwise) of (i) the Company and/or (ii) the Company Entities, taken as a whole; or 

(b) the ability of the
Company to consummate the Contemplated Transactions or perform its obligations under this Agreement; 

except that, solely in the case of
clause (a), such Effect results from, arises out of, or is attributable to the following (either alone or in combination) 

(i) general business or economic conditions affecting the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, 

(ii) national or international political or social conditions, including the engagement by any Governmental Body in
hostilities or the escalation thereof, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence or the escalation of any military, cyber, or terrorist attack upon any Governmental Body, 

(iii) any fire, flood, hurricane, earthquake, tornado, windstorm, other calamity or act of God, global or national health
concern, epidemic, pandemic (whether or not declared as such by any Governmental Body), viral outbreak, or any quarantine or trade restrictions or travel restrictions, or guidelines of any Governmental Body related thereto, 

(iv) financial, banking, or securities markets (including (A) any disruption of any of the foregoing markets,
(B) any change in currency exchange rates, and (C) any increased cost, or decreased availability, of capital or pricing or terms related to any financing for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), 

(v) (A) the taking of any action required by this Agreement or at the request of the Commitment Parties, (B) the
failure to take any action if such action is prohibited by this Agreement or the RSA, or (C) the negotiation, announcement, or pendency of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the identity, nature, or ownership of any of
the Commitment Parties, including the impact thereof on the relationships, contractual, or otherwise, of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with employees, customers, lessors, suppliers, vendors, or other commercial partners,

(vi) changes in GAAP, 

(vii) to the extent directly related to any action taken by any Commitment Party or its Affiliates in breach of this
Agreement, 

(viii) the matters set forth on the Company Disclosure Schedules or the Disclosure Statement, or 

(ix) the commencement or pendency of the Chapter 11 Case; 

59 

provided, however, that with respect to clauses (i)(v),
such Effects will not be excluded to the extent such Effects disproportionately affect the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other participants in the industries and/or geographies in which the Company and its
Subsidiaries operate. 

Material Contract means (a) all plans of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement,
liquidation or succession and material contracts (as such terms are defined in Items 601(b)(2) and 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party, (b) any Contract that may reasonably be expected to result in aggregate revenues to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an amount greater than or equal to $5,000,000 during the current or subsequent fiscal
year, (c) any Contract that may reasonably be expected to result in aggregate payments by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the counterparty of such agreement in an amount greater than or equal to $5,000,000 during the current fiscal
year, (d) a Contract with a Related Party, other than obligations to pay fees to any director of any Company Entity in connection with the performance of his or her service as a director of such Company Entity, and (e) a written commitment
to enter into any Contract of the type described in clauses (a)(d) of this definition. 

New Shareholders
Agreement means any agreement entered into by holders of Reorganized Common Equity governing the rights and obligations with respect to the Reorganized Common Equity. 

Non-Defaulting Commitment Party means a Commitment Party that is not a Defaulting
Commitment Party. 

Order means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, rule, ruling, directive, stipulation,
determination, or award made, issued or entered by the Bankruptcy Court or any other Governmental Body, whether preliminary, interlocutory, or final. 

Ordinary Course of Business means the ordinary and usual course of normal day-to-day operations of the Company and the other Company Entities, consistent with past practices, including as to timing and amount, and in compliance with all applicable Laws. 

Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person other than a natural person, the documents by which such Person
was organized or formed (such as a certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or
other forms of preferred equity) or which relate to the internal governance of such Person (such as by-laws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability company or members agreement). 

Owner has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Subsidiary. 

Permitted Encumbrances means (a) Encumbrances for utilities and current Taxes not yet due and payable, Taxes that are
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established on the books and records, or Taxes that are due but may not be paid as a result of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Case,
(b) materialmans, mechanics, artisans, shippers, warehousemans or other similar common law or statutory liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business for sums not yet due and payable or

60 

that are due but may not be paid as a result of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Case and do not result from a breach, default or violation by a Company Entity of any Contract or Law,
(c) any obligations, liabilities or duties created by this Agreement or any of the other Definitive Documents, and (d) solely for purposes of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 that are made
prior to the Plan Effective Date (and excluding from this clause (f), the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 that are made at the Plan Effective Date), Encumbrances that will be removed by operation
of the Confirmation Order or the Plan. 

Person means an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a
limited liability company, a trust, an unincorporated organization, or a Governmental Body. 

Personal Data means
(i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit
card number, bank information, or customer or account number, (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifiable information as applied by the Federal Trade Commission, (iii) Protected Health
Information, as defined by HIPAA, (iv) personal data, personal information, or any other equivalent term as defined by GDPR or other applicable law, and (v) any other information that allows the identification of
such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. 

Plan Equity Value means $70,000,000. 

Proceeding means any action, claim, complaint, petition, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternative dispute resolution
procedure, hearing, audit, examination, investigation, or other proceeding of any nature of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Body, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or otherwise, direct or derivative, in Law or in equity. 

Purchase Price means $7.55, the price for each Rights Offering Security issued pursuant to the Rights Offering, which is at
a 35% discount to the Plan Equity Value plus the Rights Offering Amount and the Direct Allocation Amount. 

Qualified
Institutional Buyer shall have the meaning given to it in Rule 144A of the Securities Act. 

Real Property
means, collectively, all right, title, and interest in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned in fee simple or leased by the Company Entities, set forth hereto as Schedule 3.22, together with all easements,
hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, and all improvements and appurtenant fixtures incidental to the ownership or lease thereof. 

Related Fund means, with respect to any Person, any fund, account, or investment vehicle that is controlled or managed by
(i) such Person, (ii) an Affiliate of such Person, or (iii) the same investment manager, advisor or subadvisor as such Person or an Affiliate of such investment manager, advisor, or subadvisor. 

61 

Related Person means, with respect to any Person, such Persons
current and former Affiliates, members, partners, controlling persons, subsidiaries, officers, directors, managers, principals, employees, agents, managed funds, advisors, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives and
other professionals, together with their respective successors and assigns. 

Release means any spilling, leaking,
migrating, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, or disposing into the environment (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers, and other receptacles containing any Hazardous
Substances). 

Representatives means, with respect to any Person, the employees, officers, directors, officers, members,
managers, partners, general partners, agents, employees, investment bankers, accountants, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of such Person. 

Requisite Commitment Parties means, as of any time of determination, Non-Defaulting
Commitment Parties as of such time whose aggregate Backstop Commitment Percentages and Direct Allocation Commitment Percentages constitute more than 50% of the aggregate Backstop Commitment Percentages and Direct Allocation Commitment Percentages of
all Non-Defaulting Commitment Parties as of such time. 

Rights Offering Agent
means Kurtzman Carson Consultant, LLC d/b/a Verita Global. 

Rights Offering Participants means each holder of Allowed
Senior Notes Claims. 

Rights Offering Procedures means the procedures governing the Rights Offering, which shall be in
form and substance acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties and the Company and shall provide, among other things, that any Rights Offering Participant must return its subscription form to the Rights Offering Agent no later than the
Subscription Form and Funding Deadline in order to exercise its Subscription Rights. 

SEC means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable rules
and regulations thereunder, and any successor to such statute, rules, or regulations. Any reference herein to a specific section, rule, or regulation of the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any corresponding provisions of future Law. 

Specified Issuances means, collectively, (a) the issuance by the Company of shares of Reorganized Common Equity to the
holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims pursuant to the Plan, (b) the issuance by the Company of Subscription Rights to the Rights Offering Participants pursuant to the Plan and the Rights Offering Procedures, (c) the issuance and sale of
the Rights Offering Securities to the Rights Offering Participants upon exercise of Subscription Rights in the Rights Offering, (d) the issuance by the Company of the Reorganized Common Equity in respect of the Put Option Premium to the
Commitment Parties (or their respective designees) pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan, (e) the issuance and sale by the Company of the Direct Allocation Shares to the Commitment Parties (or their respective designees) pursuant to this
Agreement, (f) the issuance and sale by the Company of the Backstop Commitment Securities to the Commitment Parties (or their respective designees) pursuant to this Agreement, and (g) the issuance by the Company of the Cash-Out Issued Equity to the Backstop Parties (or their respective designees) pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan. 

62 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the
Owner), any corporation or other Person of which securities or other interests having the power to elect a majority of that corporations or other Persons board of directors or similar governing body, or otherwise
having the power to direct the business and policies of that corporation or other Person (other than securities or other interests having such power only upon the happening of a contingency that has not occurred), are held by the Owner or one or
more of its Subsidiaries. 

Subscription Agent means one or more financial or other institutions, in each case
acceptable to the Requisite Commitment Parties and reasonably acceptable to the Company. 

Subscription Form and Funding
Deadline means the date that is thirty-five (35) days after the Petition Date, or otherwise has the meaning given to such term in the Rights Offering Procedures. 

Tax means any and all taxes of any kind whatsoever, including all non-U.S., U.S.
federal, state, county, or local income, sales and use, excise, franchise, ad valorem, value added, real and personal property, gross income, gross receipt, capital stock, production, license, estimated, environmental, excise, business and
occupation, disability, employment, payroll, severance, withholding or all other taxes or assessments, fees, duties, levies, customs, tariffs, imposts, obligations and charges of the same or similar nature of the foregoing, including all interest,
additions, surcharges, fees or penalties related thereto. 

Tax Return means a report, return, disclosures, estimates,
statements, claim for refund, amended return, election, combined, consolidated, unitary, or similar return, or other information filed or required to be filed with a Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment
thereto or amendment thereof. 

Taxing Authority means the IRS and any other Governmental Body responsible for the
administration or collection of any Tax. 

Unallocated Securities means, collectively, (a) any Rights Offering
Securities that holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims could have purchased, but did not purchase, by not validly subscribing for such Rights Offering Securities in the Rights Offering by the Subscription Form and Funding Deadline in accordance with
the Rights Offering Procedures, and (b) any Rights Offering Securities that are not subscribed for and purchased in the Rights Offering on account of any rounding down of fractional Rights Offering Securities. 

14.3. Index of Certain Defined Terms. 

Actions 45 

Aggregate Backstop Purchase Price 5 

Aggregate Direct Allocation Purchase Price 5 

Aggregate Direct Allocation Shares 2 

Aggregate Rights Offering Purchase Price 5 

Agreement 1 

AML Laws 16 

Backstop Certificate 5 

63 

Backstop Commitment Securities 4 

Backstop Commitments 4 

Backstop Parties 1 

Backstop Party 1 

Backstop Premium 8 

Backstop Securities 7 

Bankruptcy Code 1 

Bankruptcy Court 1 

Benefit Plans 26 

Cash-Out Backstop Commitments 4 

Cash-Out Funding 5 

Cash-Out Issued Equity 3 

Cash-Out Offering 2 

Cash-Out Price 2 

Cash-Out Put Option 5 

Cash-Out Rights 2 

Cash-Out Securities 2 

Chapter 11 Case 1 

Closing 9 

Commitment Parties 1 

Commitment Party 1 

Commitment Party RSA Covenants 35 

Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap 2 

Company 1 

Company Disclosure Schedule 10 

Company Disclosure Supplement 10 

Company IP Rights 25 

Company IT Systems 26 

Company RSA Covenants 35 

Company SEC Documents 18 

Debtor 1 

Default Securities 6 

Defaulting Commitment Party 6 

Deposit Deadline 5 

Direct Allocation Amount 1 

Direct Allocation Commitments 3 

Direct Allocation Parties 1 

Direct Allocation Party 1 

Direct Allocation Premium 8 

Direct Allocation Purchase Price 1 

Direct Allocation Shares 1 

Effect 58 

e-mail 48 

Enforceability Exceptions 16 

Environmental Permits 25 

ERISA Affiliate 27 

Exchange Act 18 

Execution Date 1 

Financial Statements 17 

Foreign Plan 28 

Funding Default 6 

Funding Default Notice 6 

Indemnified Party 44 

Indemnifying Parties 44 

Indemnifying Party 44 

Insurance Policies 24 

Licenses and Permits 15 

Losses 44 

Most Recent Balance Sheet 17 

No Recourse Party 53 

Petition Date 1 

Put Option 5 

Put Option Premium 8 

Rights Offering 1 

Rights Offering Amount 1 

Rights Offering Commitments 3 

Rights Offering Securities 1 

RO Backstop Commitments 4 

RO Put Option 4 

RSA 1 

Schedule 10 

Sold Cash-Out Securities 2 

Subscription Rights 1 

Substitute Purchaser 6 

Total Offering Amount 2 

Unsubscribed Securities 2 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

64 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date
first written above. 

COMPANY:

Cutera, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Harris

Name: Taylor Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Backstop Commitment Agreement] 

COMMITMENT PARTIES:

[ ]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Backstop Commitment Agreement] 

DIRECT ALLOCATION PARTIES:

[ ]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Backstop Commitment Agreement]

SCHEDULE 1 

BACKSTOP PARTIES; RIGHTS OFFERING COMMITMENT; BACKSTOP COMMITMENT; BACKSTOP PREMIUM 

[ON FILE WITH THE COMPANY] 

SCHEDULE 2 

DIRECT ALLOCATION PARTIES; DIRECT ALLOCATION COMMITMENT; DIRECT ALLOCATION PREMIUM 

[ON FILE WITH THE COMPANY]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d878024dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

THIS IS A SOLICITATION OF VOTES TO ACCEPT OR REJECT A PLAN OF REORGANIZATION PRIOR TO THE FILING OF VOLUNTARY REORGANIZATION CASES
UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY CODE.1 BECAUSE NO CHAPTER 11 CASE HAS YET BEEN COMMENCED, THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT. THE DEBTORS
INTEND TO SUBMIT THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT TO THE BANKRUPTCY COURT FOR APPROVAL FOLLOWING SOLICITATION AND THE DEBTORS FILING FOR RELIEF UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. THE INFORMATION IN THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE
AND SUBJECT TO THE PLAN DOCUMENTS. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED HEREIN OR AS MAY BE COMMUNICATED BY THE DEBTORS, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE PLAN WITH RESPECT TO CLASS 3 CLAIMS IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(A)(2) THEREOF, AND APPLICABLE UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND ONLY FROM HOLDERS OF SUCH CLAIMS WHO ARE AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) OF THE
SECURITIES ACT (ACCREDITED INVESTORS) OR A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (QIB). THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL ANY SECURITIES AND
IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES. 

1 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms elsewhere in
this disclosure statement (as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, this Disclosure Statement) or in the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Cutera, Inc. and its
Affiliated Debtors (as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Plan), as applicable. 

i 

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 

HOUSTON DIVISION 

In re:

Cutera, Inc. et al.,2

Debtors. 

Chapter 11

Case No. 25-[_______] ([___])

DISCLOSURE STATEMENT FOR THE 

JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF 

REORGANIZATION OF CUTERA, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATED DEBTORS 

ROPES & GRAY LLP

Ryan Preston
Dahl (pro hac vice pending)

Conor P. McNamara (pro hac vice pending)

191 North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor

Chicago, IL 60606

Telephone: (312) 845-1200

Facsimile: (312) 845-5500

Email: ryan.dahl@ropesgray.com

conor.mcnamara@ropesgray.com

Natasha S. Hwangpo (pro hac vice pending)

1211 Avenue of
the Americas

New York, New York 10036

Telephone: (212) 596-9000

Facsimile: (212) 596-9090

E-mail: natasha.hwangpo@ropesgray.com

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and
Debtors in Possession 

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP

Timothy A.
(Tad) Davidson II (TX Bar No. 24012503

Phillip M. Guffy (TX Bar No. 24113705)

Catherine A. Rankin (TX Bar No. 24066008)

600 Travis
Street

Suite 4200

Houston, Texas 77002

Telephone: (713) 220-4200

Email: TadDavidson@hunton.com

PhillipGuffy@hunton.com

CatherineRankin@hunton.com

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and Debtors in Possession

2 

The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtors federal tax
identification number, are as follows: Cutera, Inc. (2262) and Crystal Sub, LLC (6339). The Debtors service address is 3240 Bayshore Boulevard, Brisbane, CA 94005. 

ii 

IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT FOR SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE
JOINT PREPACKAGED CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF REORGANIZATION OF CUTERA, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATED DEBTORS FROM THE HOLDERS OF OUTSTANDING CLAIMS IN THE FOLLOWING CLASS: 

VOTING CLASS 

NAME OF CLASS UNDER THE PLAN

CLASS 3 SENIOR NOTES CLAIMS

IF YOU ARE A HOLDER OF A CLAIM IN CLASS 3, YOU ARE RECEIVING THIS DOCUMENT AND THE ACCOMPANYING MATERIALS

BECAUSE YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO VOTE ON THE PLAN 

DELIVERY OF BALLOTS 

BALLOTS MUST BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT BY THE VOTING DEADLINE, WHICH IS 4:00 P.M. (PREVAILING CENTRAL TIME)

ON [APRIL 9], 2025 

OR VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL, 

OVERNIGHT COURIER, OR HAND DELIVERY AT: 

CUTERA BALLOT PROCESSING 

C/O KCC DBA VERITA 

222
N. PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY, SUITE 300 

EL SEGUNDO, CA 90245 

OR VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL AT: 

CUTERABALLOTS@VERITAGLOBAL.COM 

BALLOTS RECEIVED VIA MEANS OTHER THAN THE 

AFOREMENTIONED MEANS WILL NOT BE COUNTED. 

IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ON THE PROCEDURES FOR VOTING ON THE 

PLAN, PLEASE CONTACT VERITA GLOBAL 

(THE DEBTORS SOLICITATION AGENT) AT: 

(888) 788-0109 (DOMESTIC TOLL-FREE) 

OR (781) 575-2045 (INTERNATIONAL TOLL) 

OR EMAIL: CUTERAINFO@VERITAGLOBAL.COM; SUBJECT LINE: CUTERA 

Cutera, Inc. and its affiliated debtors (each, a Debtor and together, the Debtors) submit this
Disclosure Statement pursuant to section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code for use in solicitation of votes on the Plan. The Plan is anticipated to be filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the
Bankruptcy Court). A copy of the Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit A. This Disclosure Statement provides information regarding the Plan, which the Debtors are seeking to have confirmed by the Bankruptcy
Court. The Debtors are providing the information in this Disclosure Statement to certain Holders of Claims for purposes of soliciting votes to accept or reject the Plan. 

iii 

Pursuant to the Restructuring Support Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit
B, the Plan is currently supported by the Debtors and Holders of approximately 74% in amount of Senior Notes Claims. 

The Plan
provides that the following parties, in their capacity as such, are deemed to grant the releases provided for therein: (i) all Holders of Claims or Interests that vote to accept the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases set
forth in Section 9.3 of the Plan, (ii) all Holders of Claims or Interests that are deemed to accept the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases set forth in Section 9.3 of
the Plan, (iii) all Holders of Claims or Interests that vote to reject the Plan or are deemed to reject the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases set forth in Section 9.3 of the Plan, (iv) all
Holders of Claims or Interests who abstain from voting on the Plan and who do not affirmatively opt out of the releases provided by the Plan, (v) each Released Party, (vi) each Related Party to each Entity in clause (i) through (v)
solely to the extent such Related Party may assert Claims or Causes of Action on behalf of or in a derivative capacity by or through an entity in clause (i) through (v); provided, that, in each case, an
Entity shall not be a Releasing Party if it: (x) elects to opt out of the releases set forth in Section 9.3 of the Plan; or (y) timely objects to the releases set forth in Section 9.3 of
the Plan, either through (1) a formal objection Filed on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases or (2) an informal objection provided to the Debtors by electronic mail, and such objection is not withdrawn on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases
or via electronic mail, as applicable, before Confirmation. 

Holders of Claims and Interests in Classes 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, and
8 may opt out of becoming a Releasing Party by checking the applicable box on the Opt-Out Form. Holders of Claims in Class 3 may opt out of becoming a Releasing Party by checking the applicable
box on their respective Ballot. 

The consummation and effectiveness of the Plan are subject to certain material conditions
precedent described herein and set forth in Article VIII of the Plan. There is no assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will confirm the Plan or approve this Disclosure Statement or, if the Bankruptcy Court does confirm the Plan, that the
conditions necessary for the Plan to become effective will be satisfied or, in the alternative, waived. 

You are encouraged to read
this Disclosure Statement (including Certain Factors to Be Considered described in Article VI of this Disclosure Statement) and the Plan in their entirety before submitting your Ballot to vote on the Plan. 

The Debtors urge each Holder of a Claim or Interest to consult with its own advisors with respect to any legal, financial, securities, tax,
or business advice in reviewing this Disclosure Statement, the Plan, and each transaction contemplated by the Plan. 

The Debtors
strongly encourage Holders of Claims in Class 3 to read this Disclosure Statement and the Plan in their entirety before voting to accept or reject the Plan. Assuming the requisite acceptances to the Plan are obtained, the Debtors will seek the
Bankruptcy Courts approval of the Plan at the Combined Hearing. 

iv 

RECOMMENDATION BY THE DEBTORS 

THE DEBTORS GOVERNING BODIES HAVE APPROVED THE RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN AND DESCRIBED IN THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, AND
THE DEBTORS BELIEVE THAT THE PLAN IS FAIR AND EQUITABLE, MAXIMIZES THE VALUE OF THE DEBTORS ESTATE, AND PROVIDES THE BEST RECOVERY TO CLAIM HOLDERS. AT THIS TIME, THE DEBTORS BELIEVE THAT THE PLAN AND RELATED RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS
REPRESENT THE BEST ALTERNATIVE FOR ACCOMPLISHING THE DEBTORS OVERALL RESTRUCTURING OBJECTIVES. THE DEBTORS, THEREFORE, STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS WHOSE VOTES ARE BEING SOLICITED SUBMIT BALLOTS TO ACCEPT THE PLAN BY
RETURNING THEIR BALLOTS SO AS TO BE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE SOLICITATION AGENT NO LATER THAN [APRIL 9], 2025 AT 4:00 P.M. (PREVAILING CENTRAL TIME) PURSUANT TO THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE BALLOTS.

SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS 

The Bankruptcy Court has not reviewed this Disclosure Statement or the Plan, and the securities to be issued on or after the Effective Date
will not be issued pursuant to a registration statement filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities
Act) or any securities regulatory authority of any state under any state securities law (Blue Sky Laws). The Plan has not been approved or disapproved by the SEC or any state regulatory authority, and neither the SEC nor
any state regulatory authority has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the information contained in this Disclosure Statement or the Plan. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Debtors are relying on exemptions from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act, including section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder, and on equivalent exemptions under Blue Sky Laws, to exempt from registration under the Securities Act and Blue Sky Laws
the offer to certain Holders of Senior Notes Claims of new securities prior to the Petition Date, including in connection with the solicitation of votes to accept or reject the Plan (the Solicitation). 

After the Petition Date, the Debtors will rely on section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or
other exemptions under the Securities Act and Blue Sky Laws to exempt from registration under the Securities Act and Blue Sky Laws the offer, issuance, and distribution of the securities described herein under the Plan. Neither the Solicitation nor
this Disclosure Statement constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized. 

v 

Except to the extent publicly available, this Disclosure Statement, the Plan, and the
information set forth herein and therein are confidential. This Disclosure Statement and the Plan may contain material non-public information concerning the Debtors, its subsidiaries, and their respective debt
and Securities. Each recipient hereby acknowledges that it (a) is aware that the federal securities laws of the United States prohibit any person who has material non-public information about a company,
which is obtained from the company or its representatives, from purchasing or selling Securities of such company or from communicating the information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is
likely to purchase or sell such Securities and (b) is familiar with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act). 

DISCLAIMER 

This
Disclosure Statement contains summaries of certain provisions of the Plan and certain other documents and financial information. The information included in this Disclosure Statement is provided solely for the purpose of soliciting acceptances of
the Plan and should not be relied upon for any purpose other than to determine whether and how to vote on the Plan. All Holders of Claims or Interests entitled to vote are advised and encouraged to read this Disclosure Statement and the Plan in
their entirety before voting. The Debtors believe that these summaries are fair and accurate. The summaries of the financial information and the documents that are attached to, or incorporated by reference in, this Disclosure Statement are qualified
in their entirety by reference to such information and documents. In the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between a description in this Disclosure Statement, on the one hand, and the terms and provisions of the Plan or the financial
information and documents incorporated in this Disclosure Statement by reference, on the other hand, the Plan or the financial information and documents, as applicable, shall govern for all purposes. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in accordance with applicable law, the Debtors are under no duty to update or supplement this
Disclosure Statement. The Bankruptcy Courts approval of this Disclosure Statement, which the Debtors will seek at the Combined Hearing, does not constitute a guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein or the
Bankruptcy Courts endorsement of the merits of the Plan. The statements and financial information contained in this Disclosure Statement have been made as of the date hereof unless otherwise specified. Holders of Claims or Interests
reviewing this Disclosure Statement should not assume at the time of such review that there have been no changes in the facts set forth in this Disclosure Statement since the date of this Disclosure Statement. No Holder of a Claim or Interest should
rely on any information, representations, or inducements that are not contained in or are inconsistent with the information contained in this Disclosure Statement, the documents attached to this Disclosure Statement, and the Plan. This Disclosure
Statement does not constitute legal, business, financial, or tax advice. Any Person or Entity desiring any such advice should consult with their own advisors. Additionally, this Disclosure Statement has not been approved or disapproved by the
Bankruptcy Court, the SEC, or any securities regulatory authority of any state under Blue Sky Laws. The Debtors are soliciting acceptances of the Plan prior to commencing any cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

vi 

The financial information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Disclosure
Statement has not been audited, except as specifically indicated otherwise. The Debtors management (Management), in consultation with their advisors, has prepared the financial projections attached hereto as Exhibit
D and described in this Disclosure Statement. The financial projections, while presented with numerical specificity, necessarily were based on a variety of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the
control of Management. Important factors that may affect actual results and cause Management forecasts not to be achieved include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Debtors businesses (including their ability to
achieve strategic goals, objectives, and targets over applicable periods), industry performance, the regulatory environment, general business and economic conditions, and other factors. The Debtors caution that no representations can be made as to
the accuracy of these projections or to their ultimate performance compared to the information contained in the forecasts or that the forecasted results will be achieved. Therefore, the financial projections may not be relied upon as a guarantee or
other assurance that the actual results will occur. 

Regarding contested matters, adversary proceedings, and other pending, threatened, or
potential litigation or other actions, this Disclosure Statement does not constitute, and may not be construed as, an admission of fact, liability, stipulation, or waiver by the Debtors or any other party, but rather as a statement made in the
context of settlement negotiations in accordance with Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and any analogous state or foreign laws or rules. As such, this Disclosure Statement shall not be construed to be conclusive advice on the tax,
securities, financial, or other effects of the Plan to Holders of Claims against or Interests in, the Debtors or any other party in interest. Please refer to Article VI of this Disclosure Statement, entitled Certain Factors to Be
Considered for a discussion of certain risk factors that Holders of Claims and Interests voting on the Plan should consider. 

Except
as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all information, representations, or statements contained herein have been provided by the Debtors. No person is authorized by the Debtors in connection with this Disclosure Statement, the Plan, or the
Solicitation to give any information or to make any representation or statement regarding this Disclosure Statement, the Plan, or the Solicitation, in each case, other than as contained in this Disclosure Statement and the exhibits attached hereto
or as otherwise incorporated herein by reference or referred to herein. If any such information, representation, or statement is given or made, it may not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Debtors. 

This Disclosure Statement contains certain forward-looking statements, all of which are based on various estimates and assumptions. Such
forward-looking statements are subject to inherent uncertainties and to a wide variety of significant business, economic, and competitive risks, including, but not limited to, those summarized herein. When used in this Disclosure Statement, the
words anticipate, believe, estimate, will, may, intend, and expect and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Although the Debtors
believe that their plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they cannot be sure that they will be achieved. These statements are only predictions and are not guarantees of future performance or
results. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Debtors or
Persons or Entities acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this Disclosure Statement, including those set forth in Article VI hereof. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date on which they are made. Except as required by law, the Debtors expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
otherwise. 

vii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I INTRODUCTION 3 

ARTICLE II THE PLAN 4 

2.1 Treatment of Unclassified Claims 4 

2.2 Treatment of Classified Claims and Interests 7 

2.3 Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims 10 

2.4 Compromise or Settlement of Controversies 10 

2.5 Sources of Consideration for Plan Distribution 10 

2.6 Restructuring Transactions 11 

2.7 Continued Corporate Existence 11 

2.8 Private Company 12 

2.9 Corporate Action 12 

2.10 Vesting of Assets 13 

2.11 Indemnification Provisions in Organizational Documents 13 

2.12 Cancellation of Existing Securities and Agreements 14 

2.13 Cancellation of Certain Existing Security Interests 15 

2.14 Approval of the Exit Facility and the Exit Facility Documents 16 

2.15 Issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity 17 

2.16 Rights Offering 17 

2.17 Approval of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents 19 

2.18 Exemption from Registration Requirements 20 

2.19 Organizational Documents 21 

2.20 Exemption from Certain Transfer Taxes and Recording Fees 22 

2.21 Managers, Directors, and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors 22 

2.22 Incentive Plans 22 

2.23 Effectuating Documents; Further Transactions 23 

2.24 Restructuring Expenses and DIP Facility Expenses 23 

2.25 Retained Causes of Action 23 

2.26 Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 24 

2.27 Cure of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 25 

2.28 Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases 26 

2.29 Indemnification Obligations 26 

2.30 Contracts and Leases Entered Into After the Petition Date 26 

2.31 Insurance Policies 26 

2.32 Reservation of Rights 27 

2.33 Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date of the Plan 27 

2.34 Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests; Compromise and Settlement of Claims, Interests, and Controversies 29 

2.35 Release, Injunction, and Related Provisions 30 

2.36 Setoffs and Recoupment 37 

2.37 Release of Liens 37 

2.38 No Substantive Consolidation 38 

ARTICLE III VOTING PROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS 38 

3.1 Class Entitled to Vote on the Plan 38 

3.2 Votes Required for Acceptance by a Class 38 

3.3 Certain Factors to Be Considered Prior to Voting 38 

3.4 Classes Not Entitled To Vote on the Plan 39 

3.5 Disputes Regarding Impairment 40 

viii 

3.6 Nonconsensual Confirmation 40 

3.7 Subordinated Classes 40 

3.8 Vacant Classes 40 

3.9 Intercompany Interests 40 

3.10 No Waiver 40 

3.11 Solicitation Procedures 41 

3.12 Voting Procedures 41 

ARTICLE IV CORPORATE AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 43 

4.1 Prepetition Corporate and Capital Structure 43 

ARTICLE V CIRCUMSTANCES LEADING TO THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES 45 

5.1 Product Roll-Out Difficulties, Leadership Turnover, Impaired Business Relationships with Distributors, and Market Competition and Macroeconomic Pressures 45 

5.2 Debtors Efforts to Address Business Challenges 48 

ARTICLE VI CERTAIN FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED 50 

6.1 General 50 

6.2 Risks Relating to the Plan and Other Bankruptcy Law Considerations 50 

6.3 Risks Relating to the Restructuring Transactions 57 

6.4 Risks Relating to the Reorganized Common Equity 60 

6.5 Risks Relating to the Debtors Businesses 63 

6.6 Certain Tax Implications of the Chapter 11 Cases and the Plan 66 

6.7 Disclosure Statement Disclaimer 66 

ARTICLE VII CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN 68 

7.1 The Confirmation Hearing 69 

7.2 Confirmation Standards 69 

7.3 Best Interests Test/Liquidation Analysis 69 

7.4 Feasibility 70 

7.5 Confirmation Without Acceptance by All Impaired Classes 70 

7.6 Alternatives to Confirmation and Consummation of the Plan 71 

ARTICLE VIII IMPORTANT SECURITIES LAW DISCLOSURE 72 

8.1 Exemption from Registration Requirements 72 

8.2 Resales of the Securities 73 

ARTICLE IX CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
PLAN 75 

ARTICLE X CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION 93 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A

Exhibit B 

Plan

Restructuring Support
Agreement

Exhibit C Liquidation Analysis

Exhibit D

Exhibit E 

Financial Projections

Valuation
Analysis

Exhibit F Corporate Organizational Chart

ix 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

The Plan implements a prepackaged restructuring agreed to among the Debtors and the Debtors major stakeholder and holders of Claims in
the only voting class: the Consenting Senior Noteholders. Importantly, holders of approximately 74% of Senior Notes Claims have executed the Restructuring Support Agreement and are supportive of the Plan and the Restructuring Transactions. 

The Restructuring will result in a significant deleveraging of the Debtors capital structure, as reflected in the charts below: 

Capital Structure as of the
Petition Date 

Instrument Principal Outstanding (mm) 

2026 Senior Notes $ 69.13 

2028 Senior Notes $ 240 

2029 Senior Notes $ 120 

Total Debt4 $ 429.13 

Common Stock6 $ 6.5 

Total $ 435.63 

Structure
Post-Emergence 

Instrument Principal Outstanding (mm) 

Exit Facility $ 35 3

Total Debt5 $ 35 

Reorganized Common Equity $ 100 

Total $ 135 

The anticipated benefits
of the Plan, include, without limitation, the following: 

(a) 

An Equity Rights Offering, backstopped by the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties, pursuant to which the
Debtors shall raise $30 million for general corporate purposes and to make distributions pursuant to the Plan, including the payment of Restructuring Expenses; 

(b) 

A $25 million
debtor-in-possession term loan (the DIP Facility), of which $15 will be available upon entry of the Interim DIP Order and the remainder upon entry of
the Final DIP Order; 

(c) 

An exit term loan credit facility (the Exit Facility) consisting of (i) a dollar-for-dollar conversion of the DIP Facility (including fees paid-in-kind on or prior to
the Effective Date, but excluding accrued interest which will be paid in cash on the Effective Date), and (ii) a $10 million new money term loan to be provided by the Exit Lenders on the Effective Date on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Exit Facility Documents; 

3 

To include Exit and Upfront Fees
paid-in-kind.

4 

Total Debt reflects the funded debt instruments and does not reflect general unsecured
claimsincluding, approximately $550,000 on account of a PPP Loan (as further detailed in the First Day Declaration). 

5 

Total Debt reflects the funded debt instruments and does not reflect general unsecured
claimsincluding, approximately $550,000 on account of a PPP Loan (as further detailed in the First Day Declaration). 

6 

The Common Stock market capitalization is as of March 3, 2025. 

1 

(d) 

Conversion of approximately $429.13 million of Senior Notes Claims to 100% of the Reorganized Common
Equity subject to dilution from the Equity Rights Offering, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium, and the Management Incentive Plan; 

(e) 

A Common Equity Convenience Buyout to provide a cash recovery to electing Holders of Senior Notes Claims who
vote in favor of the Plan (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties) in lieu of Reorganized Common Equity, in an amount equal to the product of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Share Price times the
number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity such holder was entitled to receive; provided that, if such buyout cap is exceeded, the electing Holders may receive both cash and Reorganized Common Equity in accordance with
Section 4.14 of the Plan; 

(f) 

Payment in full or Reinstatement of all General Unsecured Claims; 

(g) 

The anticipated assumption of all Unexpired Leases and Executory Contracts, with continued performance and
payment thereunder in the ordinary course; and 

(h) 

Prompt emergence from chapter 11. 

The Plan provides for a comprehensive restructuring of the Debtors prepetition obligations, preserves the going-concern value of the
Debtors businesses, maximizes all creditor recoveries, and protects the jobs of the Debtors invaluable employees, including Management. 

On the Effective Date, after giving effect to the Restructuring Transactions contemplated by the Plan and prior to any dilution on account of
the Management Incentive Plan, (i) the shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued and sold to the Equity Rights Offering participants (including the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties) pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering shall equal
39.74% of the total outstanding shares of Reorganized Common Equity and (ii) the shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties on account of the Put Option Premium shall equal 4.9% of the total
outstanding shares of Reorganized Common Equity. The remaining 55.36% of shares of Reorganized Common Equity outstanding on the Effective Date will be issued to (a) the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims on account of such Claims pursuant
to Section 3.3(c)(iii)(1)(A) and Section 3.3(c)(iii)(2)(B) of the Plan and (b) the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties pursuant to Section 4.14 of the Plan, in connection with the Common Equity Convenience Buyout. 

The purpose of this Disclosure Statement is to provide Holders of Claims or Interests entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan with
adequate information about (i) the Debtors businesses and certain historical events, (ii) these chapter 11 cases (Chapter 11 Cases), (iii) the rights of Holders of Claims or Interests under the Plan, and
(iv) other information necessary to enable a hypothetical investor typical of the Holders of Claims or Interests in these Chapter 11 Cases to make an informed judgment about the Plan. 

2 

ARTICLE I 

INTRODUCTION 

Cutera, Inc.
(the Company), founded in 1998, is a global leader of dermatology and aesthetics devices that appeal to forward-thinking clinicians who seek the next generation of performance, safety, and efficacy. The Company develops,
manufactures, and markets energy-based product platforms for use by medical practitioners, enabling them to offer safe and effective treatment to their customers and patients. The Company currently markets the following key platforms:
AviClear, enlighten, excel V/V+, excel HR, truSculpt, truFlex, Secret,and xeoeach of which enable medical practitioners to perform safe and effective procedures, including
treatment for acne, skin resurfacing, tattoo removal, body contouring, and other aesthetic and dermatologic conditions. In addition, the Company provides device support and service, as well as consumables (products which require replacement) used in
connection with its product platforms. 

As of January 2024, the Company has: 32 issued U.S. patents, 12 pending U.S. patents, and 14
international patents. The Companys corporate headquarters and U.S. operations are located in Brisbane, California, and it markets, sells, and services its products across North America (including Canada), Australia, Austria, Belgium, France,
Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. In 2023, approximately fifty percent of the Companys total revenue was from customers outside of North America. As of the Petition Date, the Company employed
approximately 350 people worldwide. 

The Company has had a historic trend of operating losses, which continue to have an unfavorable
impact on the Companys overall liquidity. The Companys revenue has declined from $212.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, to $138.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024. As of the
Petition Date, the Company has approximately $10.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. 

The Companys continued operations
will depend on several factors, including but not limited to, growth of revenue from its revised business model for AviClear, which entails transitioning from a lease model to a direct sales model, maintaining or increasing revenues from
sales of legacy systems, consumables and services, achieving cost savings as a result of workforce reductions implemented in the fourth quarter of 2023 and second quarter of 2024, and implementing further cost savings initiatives, restructuring of
supplier and manufacturer relationships, and initiatives to improve inventory and receivables management. 

Most importantly, the Company
must promptly right-size its balance sheet by deleveraging its substantial outstanding principal balance of nearly $430 million of Senior Notes. In the past eighteen months, the Company has taken numerous
steps to cut costs and reduce expenses, but the nature of the Companys prepetition capital structure and the industry in which the Company operates have hampered the ability of the Company to meet financial projections. Over the past year, the
Company has worked to reach agreement with the Consenting Senior Noteholders to take action on this crucial deleveraging. 

3 

To address these challenges, the Company began engaging with an ad hoc committee of Senior
Noteholders (the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders) in early 2024 to explore various strategic alternatives and options to address: in the short term the upcoming 2026 maturity of the 2026 Senior Notes and in the
long term the unsustainable capital structure. These negotiations resulted in the execution of the Restructuring Support Agreement, which provides the main framework for a prepackaged Plan and is the basis on which the acceptances of the Senior
Noteholders are being solicited. 

Thus, the Debtors filed these Chapter 11 Cases to implement the terms of the prepackaged Plan and the go-forward business strategy on which the prepackaged Plan is based. In that regard, these Chapter 11 Cases will comprehensively restructure the Debtors prepetition capital structure, preserve the
going-concern value of the Debtors businesses, maximize all creditor recoveries (including by reinstating General Unsecured Claims in full and assuming all Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases), and protect the jobs of the Companys
employees. The Plans consummation and the significant deleveraging of nearly $400 million (or about 90% of the prepetition funded indebtedness) will enable the post-emergence Company to allocate capital to essential research and
development. These investments aim to drive profitability and maintain competitiveness in the highly regulated and competitive aesthetic medical device sector. 

ARTICLE II 

THE
PLAN 

2.1 

Treatment of Unclassified Claims

In accordance with section 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, Administrative Claims, Priority Tax Claims, Professional Fee Claims, and DIP
Claims (collectively, the Unclassified Claims) have not been classified and thus are excluded from the Classes of Claims and Interests set forth in Article III of the Plan. The Plan provides for the following treatment of
each of the Unclassified Claims: 

Claim 

Plan Treatment

Administrative Claims Unless otherwise agreed to by the Holder of an Allowed Administrative Claim and the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to less favorable treatment, to the extent an Administrative Claim has not already been paid in
full or otherwise satisfied during the Chapter 11 Cases, each Holder of an Allowed Administrative Claim shall receive in full and final satisfaction of its Allowed Administrative Claim an amount of Cash equal to the unpaid portion of such Allowed
Administrative Claim in accordance with the following: (i) if such Administrative Claim is Allowed on or prior to the Effective Date, on the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (or, if not then due, when such
Administrative Claim is due or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter); (ii) if such Administrative Claim is Allowed after the Effective Date, on the date such Administrative Claim is Allowed or as soon as reasonably practicable
thereafter; (iii) at such time and upon such terms as may be agreed upon by the Holder of such Allowed Administrative Claim and the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable; or (iv) at such time and upon such terms as set forth in
a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court.

4 

All requests for payment of an Administrative Claim (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, Put Option Premium Claims, or
Professional Fee Claims) that accrued on or before the Effective Date that were not otherwise paid in the ordinary course of business must be filed with the Bankruptcy Court and served on the Debtors no later than the Administrative Claims Bar Date.
Holders of Administrative Claims (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, Put Option Premium Claims, or Professional Fee Claims) that are required to, but do not, file and serve a request for payment of such Administrative Claims by the
Administrative Claims Bar Date shall be forever barred, estopped, and enjoined from asserting such Administrative Claims against the Debtors, the Estates, or the Reorganized Debtors, and such Administrative Claims shall be deemed discharged,
compromised, settled, and released as of the Effective Date.

The Reorganized
Debtors may settle Administrative Claims (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, and Put Option Premium Claims) in the ordinary course of business without further Bankruptcy Court approval. The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as
applicable, may also choose to object to any Administrative Claim (other than DIP Claims, Restructuring Expenses, and Put Option Premium Claims) no later than sixty (60) days after the Administrative Claims Bar Date, subject to extensions by
the Bankruptcy Court, agreement in writing of the parties, or on motion of a party in interest approved by the Bankruptcy Court. Unless the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors (or other party with standing) objects to a timely-filed and properly
served Administrative Claim, such Administrative Claim shall be deemed Allowed in the amount requested. In the event that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors (or other party with standing) objects to an Administrative Claim, the parties may
confer to try to reach a settlement and, failing that, the Bankruptcy Court shall determine whether such Administrative Claim should be allowed and, if so, in what amount.

Priority Tax Claims 

Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim agrees to a less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction,
settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for such Allowed Priority Tax Claim, each Holder of such Allowed Priority Tax Claim shall be treated in accordance with the terms set forth in section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code. To the
extent any Allowed Priority Tax Claim is not due and owing on or before the Effective Date, such Claim shall be paid on the later of (i) in accordance with the terms of any agreement between the Debtors and the Holder of such Allowed Priority
Tax Claim, (ii) when such Allowed Priority Tax Claim becomes due and payable under applicable non-bankruptcy Law, or (iii) in the ordinary course of business. On the Effective Date, any Liens
securing any Allowed Priority Tax Claims shall be deemed released, terminated, and extinguished, in each case without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy Court, act, or action under applicable law, regulation, order or rule, or the vote,
consent, authorization, or approval of any Person.

Professional Fee Claims All final requests for payment of Professional Fee Claims for services rendered and reimbursement of expenses must be filed no later than the first Business Day that is sixty (60) days after the Effective Date. After notice and
a hearing in accordance with the procedures established by the Bankruptcy Code and prior Bankruptcy Court orders, the Allowed amounts of such Professional Fee Claims shall be determined by the Bankruptcy
Court.

5 

On or before the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall establish (if not already established) and fund the Professional Fee Escrow
Account with Cash equal to the Professional Fee Reserve Amount. Subject to the last sentence of Section 2.3(b) of the Plan, the Professional Fee Escrow Account shall be maintained in trust solely for the benefit of the Retained
Professionals, and such funds shall not be considered property of the Estates of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors. Subject to the last sentence of Section 2.3(b) of the Plan, no Liens, Claims, or Interests shall encumber the
Professional Fee Escrow Account in any way; provided that Liens granted pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents and Exit Facility Documents, as applicable, shall encumber amounts in the Professional Fee Escrow Account constituting the Residual
Fee Escrow Interest. The Reorganized Debtors shall be obligated to pay Allowed Professional Fee Claims in excess of the Professional Fee Reserve Amount. The amount of Professional Fee Claims owing to the Retained Professionals shall be paid in Cash
to such Retained Professionals from funds held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account when such Professional Fee Claims are Allowed by a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court; provided that in the event the Professional Fee Reserve Amount is
insufficient to satisfy the Professional Fee Claims, the Reorganized Debtors shall be required to satisfy the Allowed amounts of the remainder of any outstanding Professional Fee Claims. When all such Allowed amounts owing to Retained Professionals
have been paid in full, any remaining amount in the Professional Fee Escrow Account (the Residual Fee Escrow Interest) shall promptly be paid to the Reorganized Debtors without any further action or order of the Bankruptcy Court
or any other Entity.

The Retained Professionals shall reasonably estimate in good
faith their accrued Professional Fee Claims prior to and as of the Effective Date and shall deliver such estimate to the Debtors no later than three (3) Business Days before the anticipated Effective Date; provided that such estimate
shall not be considered an admission or limitation with respect to the fees and expenses of such Retained Professional. If a Retained Professional does not provide such estimate, the Reorganized Debtors may estimate the unbilled fees and expenses of
such Retained Professional; provided that such estimate shall not be considered an admission or limitation with respect to the fees and expenses of such Retained Professional. The total amount estimated as of the Effective Date shall consist
of the Professional Fee Reserve Amount; provided that the Debtors shall use Cash on hand to increase the amount of the Professional Fee Escrow Account to the extent fee applications are filed after the Effective Date in excess of the amount
held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account based on such estimates.

From and after
the Confirmation Date, but prior to the Effective Date, any requirement that Retained Professionals comply with sections 327 through 331, 363, and 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code in seeking retention or compensation for services rendered after such date
shall terminate, and the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) may employ and pay any Retained Professional in the ordinary course of business without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. On and after
the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall pay in Cash the reasonable and documented legal, professional, or other fees and expenses incurred by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) after the Confirmation Date but prior to
the Effective Date in the ordinary course of business and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan. The Reorganized Debtors shall pay, within ten
(10) Business Days after submission of a detailed invoice to the Reorganized Debtors, such reasonable Claims for compensation or reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Retained Professionals of the Debtors after the Confirmation Date but
prior to the Effective Date. If the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) dispute the reasonableness of any such invoice, the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (as applicable) or the affected professional may submit such dispute to the
Bankruptcy Court for a determination of the reasonableness of any such invoice, and the disputed portion of such invoice shall not be paid until the dispute is resolved.

6 

DIP Claims 

The DIP Claims shall be Allowed Claims in the full amount outstanding under the DIP Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date, including
principal, interest, fees, costs, other charges, and expenses, and all other obligations related to the DIP Facility.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed DIP Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, on the
Effective Date, the Holders of all Allowed DIP Claims, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for all such DIP Claims, shall receive (i) term loans issued under the Exit Facility in an aggregate
outstanding principal amount equal to the principal amount the term loans outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents on the Effective Date (including (A) the amount of any upfront payment payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents and
(B) the amount of any repayment premium payable pursuant to the DIP Facility Documents upon the repayment of the DIP Facility on such date, but excluding (x) accrued and unpaid interest as of such date, (y) Restructuring Expenses and
fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel, and (z) indemnification obligations solely to the extent due and payable as of the Effective Date payable in Cash on the
Effective Date, which amounts in the foregoing clauses (x) through (z), for the avoidance of doubt, shall be paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date), which term loans issued under the Exit Facility shall be funded on a cashless basis by
rolling over such amounts outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents.

Statutory Fees The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall pay all quarterly fees under 28 U.S.C 1930(a), plus any interest due and payable under 31 U.S.C. 3717 on all disbursements, including Plan payments and
disbursements in and outside the ordinary course of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors business, for each quarter (including any fraction thereof) until the Chapter 11 Cases are converted, dismissed, or closed, whichever occurs
first.

2.2 

Treatment of Classified Claims and Interests

The Plan establishes a comprehensive classification of Claims and Interests. The table below summarizes the classification, treatment, voting
rights, and estimated recoveries of the Claims and Interests, by Class, under the Plan. Amounts in the rightmost column under the heading Liquidation Recovery are estimates only and are based on certain assumptions described herein and
set forth in greater detail in the Liquidation Analysis (as defined below) attached hereto as Exhibit C. Accordingly, recoveries actually received by Holders of Claims and Interests in a liquidation scenario may differ materially from
the projected liquidation recoveries listed in the table below. 

7 

Class 

Claims and

Interests 

Treatment 

Status/

Voting Right 

Voting

Right 

Projected

Plan

Recovery

1 Other Secured Claims 

In full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of, and except as otherwise agreed to less favorable
treatment, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim shall receive, at the election of the Debtors: (i) payment in full in Cash of the unpaid portion of its Allowed Other Secured Claim; (ii) the collateral
securing its Allowed Other Secured Claim; (iii) Reinstatement of its Allowed Other Secured Claim; or (iv) such other treatment rendering its Allowed Other Secured Claim Unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code.

Unimpaired No (conclusively presumed to accept) 100%

2 Other Priority Claims 

In full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of, and except as otherwise agreed to less favorable
treatment, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim shall receive treatment in a manner consistent with Section 1129(a)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Unimpaired No (conclusively presumed to accept) 100%

3 Senior Notes Claims 

In full and final satisfaction of all such claims, the holders of Senior Notes Claims shall receive either:

(A) its Pro-Rata Share of 100% of the Reorganized Common Equity, subject to dilution from the Equity Rights Offering, the Put Option Premium, and the Management Incentive Plan, and (B) the right to participate in the
Equity Rights Offering for its Pro-Rata Share of the Non-Holdback Rights Offering Amount ((A) and (B), collectively, the Senior Notes Claim Equity
Recovery); or

If such Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim elects to participate in the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout (the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option), in lieu of all of its Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery, (A) Cash in an amount (the Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount) equal to the product of the
Common Equity Convenience Buyout Share Price times the number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity such Holder was entitled to receive pursuant to clause (A) of the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery (the Cash-Out Shares), with the number of Cash-Out Shares of such Impaired Yes 12.8%

8 

Holder subject to reduction on a pro rata basis to ensure the aggregate Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount does not
exceed the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap (the Cash-Out Reduction) and (B) to the extent the Cash-Out Reduction occurs, shares of
Reorganized Common Equity equal to the number of Cash-Out Shares of such Holder that were reduced in accordance with the Cash-Out Reduction;

provided that only those Holders which vote to accept the
Plan are eligible to exercise the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option, absent the consent of the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders.

4 General Unsecured Claims 

In full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of, and except as otherwise agreed to less favorable
treatment, on the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim shall (i) receive payment in full in Cash of the unpaid portion of its Allowed General Unsecured Claim paid on the later of (A) the Effective Date and
(B) in the ordinary course of business, (ii) have its Allowed General Unsecured Claim Reinstated, or (iii) receive such other treatment in rendering its Allowed General Unsecured Claim Unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the
Bankruptcy Code.

Unimpaired No (conclusively presumed to accept) 100%

5 Intercompany Claims 

On the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Intercompany Claim shall have its Claim either reinstated, converted to equity, or otherwise
set off, settled, distributed, contributed, cancelled or released without any distribution, at the Debtors election with the reasonable consent of the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders.

Unimpaired / Impaired No (conclusively presumed to accept or deemed not to accept) 100%/0%

6 Intercompany Interests On the Effective Date, each Holder of an Allowed Intercompany Interest shall have its Interest (i) Reinstated or (ii) cancelled, released, and extinguished and without any distribution at the Debtors election. Unimpaired / Impaired No (conclusively presumed to accept or deemed not to accept) 100%/0%

9 

7 

Existing

Common

Interests 

On the Effective Date, all Existing Common Interests shall be cancelled, released, and extinguished, and Holders of Existing Common Interests
shall not receive or retain any property or distributions under the Plan.

Impaired No (deemed not to accept) 0%

8 Section 510(b) Claims Section 510(b) Claims shall be cancelled, released, discharged, and extinguished as of the Effective Date and shall be of no further force or effect, and Holders of Section 510(b) Claims shall not receive any distribution
on account of such Section 510(b) Claims. Impaired No (deemed not to accept) 0%

2.3 

Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the DIP Orders, or the DIP Facility Documents, nothing under the Plan shall affect the Debtors
or the Reorganized Debtors rights in respect of any Unimpaired Claim, including, but not limited to, all rights in respect of legal and equitable defenses to or setoffs or recoupments against any such Unimpaired Claim. 

2.4 

Compromise or Settlement of Controversies

Other than as specifically set forth herein, the Plan shall be deemed a motion to approve the good-faith compromise and settlement of all
Claims, Interests, Causes of Action, and controversies, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, and the entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of such compromise and settlement under Bankruptcy Rule 9019, as
well as a finding by the Bankruptcy Court that such settlement and compromise is fair, equitable, reasonable, and in the best interests of the Debtors and their Estates. Subject to Article VI of the Plan, all distributions
made to Holders of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests (as applicable) in any Class are intended to be and shall be final. 

Pursuant
to section 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019, and in consideration for the classifications, distributions, releases, and other benefits provided under the Plan, upon the Effective Date, the provisions of the Plan shall constitute
a good faith compromise and settlement of all Claims, Interests, Causes of Action, and controversies resolved under the Plan, and the entry of the Confirmation Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of such compromise and
settlement under Bankruptcy Rule 9019. 

2.5 

Sources of Consideration for Plan Distribution

The Debtors shall fund distributions under the Plan with: (i) Cash on hand, including Cash from operations; (ii) the proceeds of the
Exit Facility; (iii) the proceeds of the Equity Rights Offering (including the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment); and (iv) amounts being funded by the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties to fund the Senior Notes Claim Cash
Amount related to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout in an amount up to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap. Cash payments to be made pursuant to the Plan will be made by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors. The Reorganized Debtors shall
be entitled to transfer 

10 

funds between and among their affiliates as they determine to be necessary or appropriate to enable the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors to satisfy their obligations under the Plan. Except as
set forth herein, any changes in intercompany account balances resulting from such transfers shall be accounted for and settled in accordance with the Debtors historical intercompany account settlement practices and shall not violate the terms
of the Plan. 

From and after the Effective Date, subject to any applicable limitations set forth in any post-Effective Date agreement
(including, without limitation, the Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, and the New Organizational Documents), the Reorganized Debtors shall have the right and authority without further order of the Bankruptcy Court to
raise additional capital and obtain additional financing as the Reorganized Board (or other applicable governing body) deems appropriate. 

2.6 

Restructuring Transactions

Following the Confirmation Date and subject to any applicable limitations set forth in any post-Effective Date agreements, the Debtors and the
Reorganized Debtors may take all actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect any transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate the Plan (the Restructuring Transactions),
including: (i) the execution and delivery of appropriate agreements or other documents of reorganization containing terms that are consistent with the terms of the Plan and that satisfy the requirements of applicable Law; (ii) the
execution and delivery of appropriate instruments of transfer, assignment, assumption, or delegation of any property, right, liability, duty, or obligation on terms consistent with the terms of the Plan; (iii) the filing of appropriate
certificates of conversion, formation or incorporation or consolidation with the appropriate governmental authorities pursuant to applicable Law; (iv) the execution, delivery, and filing, if applicable, of the Equity Rights Offering Documents,
Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and Exit Facility Documents; (v) such other transactions that are required to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions including any mergers, consolidations, restructurings, conversions,
dispositions, transfers, formations, organizations, dissolutions, or liquidations; and (vi) all other actions that the Reorganized Debtors reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate. For the purposes of effectuating the Plan, none of the
Restructuring Transactions contemplated herein shall constitute a change of control under any agreement, contract, or document of the Debtors. 

2.7 

Continued Corporate Existence

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, or as otherwise may be agreed between the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders,
each Debtor, as a Reorganized Debtor, shall continue to exist on and after the Effective Date as a separate legal Entity with all of the powers available to such legal Entity under applicable Law and pursuant to the New Organizational Documents,
without prejudice to any right to alter or terminate such existence (whether by merger or otherwise) in accordance with such applicable Law. On or after the Effective Date, without prejudice to the rights of any party to a contract or other
agreement with a Reorganized Debtor, each Reorganized Debtor may, without the need for approval of the Bankruptcy Court and free of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or Bankruptcy Rules, take such action as permitted by applicable Law, and
such Reorganized Debtors organizational documents, as such Reorganized Debtor may determine is reasonable and appropriate, including, without limitation, causing: 

11 

(a) the Reorganized Debtor to be merged into another Debtor or one or more of its Affiliates; (b) the Reorganized Debtor to be dissolved; (c) the conversion of the Reorganized
Debtor from one entity type to another entity type; (d) the legal name of the Reorganized Debtor to be changed; (e) the closure of the Reorganized Debtors Chapter 11 Case on the Effective Date or any time thereafter; or (f) the
reincorporation of the Reorganized Debtor under the Law of a jurisdiction other than the Law under which the Debtor is currently incorporated. 

2.8 

Private Company

The Reorganized Company (a) shall emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases on the Effective Date as a private company and the Reorganized Common
Equity shall not be listed on a public stock exchange, (b) shall not be a public reporting company pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, nor shall it be voluntarily subjected to any reporting
requirements promulgated by the SEC, and (c) shall not be required to list the Reorganized Common Equity on a U.S. or any foreign stock exchange. To the extent the following actions have not been completed on or prior to the Effective Date, the
Reorganized Company shall (i) take all actions reasonably necessary or desirable to delist the Existing Common Interests from the Nasdaq Global Select Market and to deregister under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable in compliance with
SEC rules, (ii) file post-effective amendments to terminate all of the Companys and Reorganized Companys effective registration statements under the Securities Act and deregister any and all unsold securities thereunder,
(iii) file a Form 15 to terminate the Debtors registration under the Exchange Act and to suspend the Debtors reporting obligations under the Exchange Act with respect to the Existing Common Interests, and (iv) take all actions
reasonably necessary or desirable to ensure (A) that the Reorganized Common Equity shall not be listed on a public securities exchange and that the Reorganized Debtors shall not be required to list the Reorganized Common Equity on a recognized
securities exchange, except, in each case, as otherwise may be required pursuant to the New Organizational Documents, as applicable, and (B) that the Reorganized Debtors shall not be voluntarily subjected to any reporting requirements
promulgated by the SEC. 

2.9 

Corporate Action

On the Effective Date, all actions contemplated by the Plan and the Restructuring Transactions shall be deemed authorized and approved in all
respects, including: (i) the selection of the managers or directors, as applicable, and officers of the Reorganized Debtors; (ii) the issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity under the Plan, including pursuant to the Equity Rights
Offering and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, and any related fees in connection therewith; (iii) the execution and entry into the Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the New Organizational Documents, and the
Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents; and (iv) all other actions contemplated by the Plan (whether to occur before, on, or after the Effective Date) or Restructuring Transactions, and all such actions taken or caused to be taken shall be
deemed to have been authorized and approved by the Bankruptcy Court. All matters provided for in the Plan involving the corporate structure of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors and any corporate action required by the Debtors or the Reorganized
Debtors in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have timely occurred and shall be in effect and shall be authorized and approved in all respects, without any requirement of further action by the security holders, directors, or officers of the
Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, or otherwise. 

12 

On or (as applicable) before the Effective Date, the appropriate officers of the Debtors or
the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall be authorized and, as applicable, directed, to issue, execute, and deliver the agreements, documents, securities, certificates of conversion, certificates of formation, certificates of incorporation,
operating agreements, and instruments contemplated by the Plan (or necessary or desirable to effect the transactions contemplated by the Plan) in the name of and on behalf of the Reorganized Debtors, including the New Organizational Documents, the
Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and any and all agreements, documents, securities, and instruments relating to the foregoing. 

The authorizations and approvals contemplated by Section 4.6 of the Plan shall be effective notwithstanding any
requirements under non-bankruptcy Law. 

2.10 

Vesting of Assets

Except as otherwise provided in (a) the Plan, (b) the Confirmation Order, (c) with respect to the Liens securing the DIP
Facility, which Liens shall be retained by the DIP Agent to secure the Exit Facility and any remaining obligations under the DIP Facility, or (d) any agreement, instrument, or other document incorporated in, or entered into in connection with
or pursuant to the Plan or the Plan Supplement, on the Effective Date, all property of the Estates of the Debtors, including all Claims, Intercompany Interests, rights, and Causes of Action, and any property acquired by the Debtors under or in
connection with the Plan, shall vest in the Reorganized Debtors free and clear of all Claims, Liens, charges, other encumbrances, and interests. Subject to the terms of the Plan, on and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may operate
their businesses and may use, acquire, and dispose of property and prosecute, compromise, or settle any Claims (including any Administrative Claims), Intercompany Interests, and Causes of Action without supervision of or approval by the Bankruptcy
Court and free and clear of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules. 

2.11 

Indemnification Provisions in Organizational Documents

Any D&O Liability Insurance Policies (including, without limitation, any tail policy and all agreements, documents, or
instruments related thereto) pursuant to which any of the Debtors current or former directors, officers, managers, or other employees are insured shall remain in force through the expiration of any such Insurance Policy (or tail
policy, as applicable). 

On or before the Effective Date, to the extent not already obtained, the Debtors shall obtain a new D&O
Liability Insurance Policy and a tail policy for the existing D&O Liability Insurance Policy for the benefit of the Debtors current and former directors, officers, managers, or other employees on terms no less favorable than
the Debtors existing director, officer, manager, and employee coverage and with an available aggregate limit of liability upon the Effective Date of no less than the aggregate limit of liability under the existing director, officer, manager,
and employee coverage upon placement, and at an expense reasonably acceptable to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. Alternatively, if the D&O Liability Insurance Policy has not expired, the Debtors shall assume (and
assign to the Reorganized Debtors if necessary), pursuant to section 365(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, pursuant to the terms of the Plan and Confirmation Order, the D&O Liability Insurance Policy. 

13 

All Indemnification Obligations (and provisions) currently in place (whether in the by-laws, certificates of incorporation, articles of limited partnership, limited liability company agreements, board resolutions, management agreements or employment or indemnification contracts, or otherwise) for
the current and former directors, officers, employees, attorneys, other professionals, and agents of the Debtors and such current and former directors and officers respective affiliates shall be assumed by the Debtors pursuant to the
provisions in Article V of the Plan to the extent assumable and shall remain obligations of the Reorganized Debtors, irrespective of when such obligation arose. 

No Reorganized Debtor shall amend or restate its certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or similar organizational document after the Effective
Date to terminate or materially adversely affect (a) any Reorganized Debtors obligations referred to in Section 4.8 of the Plan or (b) the rights of such managers, directors, officers, employees, or agents referred to in
Section 4.8 of the Plan. 

2.12 

Cancellation of Existing Securities and Agreements

On the Effective Date, except as otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or the Confirmation Order, including, for the avoidance of
doubt, with respect to the Exit Facility Documents and the Liens securing the DIP Facility, which Liens shall be retained by the DIP Agent to secure the Exit Facility and any remaining obligations under the DIP Facility: (i) the obligations of
the Debtors under any certificate, share, note, bond, agreement, indenture, purchase right, option, warrant, or other instrument or document directly or indirectly evidencing or creating any indebtedness or obligation of or ownership interest in the
Debtors giving rise to any Claim or Interest (except such certificates, notes, or other instruments or documents evidencing indebtedness or obligations of the Debtors that are specifically Reinstated pursuant to the Plan, if any) shall be cancelled,
terminated and of no further force or effect, without further act or action, and the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors shall not have any continuing obligations thereunder, except, with respect to the Senior Notes Documents, as necessary to
(a) enforce the rights, claims and interests of the applicable Trustee and any predecessor thereof vis--vis parties other than the Released Parties;
(b) allow the receipt of and to make distributions under the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Senior Notes Documents, as applicable; (c) to permit the applicable Trustee to preserve any rights of the applicable Trustee and any
predecessor thereof as against any money or property distributable to Holders of Senior Notes Claims; and (d) allow the applicable Trustee to appear and participate in the Chapter 11 Cases or any other proceeding with respect to clauses
(a) through (c) above, as applicable, and any other proceedings or appeals related to the Plan; and (ii) the obligations of the Debtors pursuant, relating, or pertaining to any agreements, certificates of designation, bylaws or certificate
or articles of incorporation or similar documents governing the shares, certificates, notes, bonds, purchase rights, options, warrants, or other instruments or documents evidencing or creating any indebtedness or obligation of or ownership interest
in the Debtors (except such agreements, certificates, notes, or other instruments evidencing indebtedness or obligations of the Debtors that are specifically Reinstated or assumed pursuant to the Plan, if any) shall be released and discharged;
provided, that notwithstanding Confirmation or the 

14 

occurrence of the Effective Date, any agreement that governs the rights of a Holder of a Senior Notes Claim shall also continue in effect to allow the applicable Trustee to appear and be heard in
the Chapter 11 Cases or in any proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court or any other court to enforce the respective obligations owed to such parties under the Plan. Holders of or parties to such cancelled or terminated certificates, shares, notes, bonds,
agreements, indentures, purchase rights, options, warrants, or other instruments or documents directly or indirectly evidencing or creating any indebtedness or obligation of or ownership interest in the Debtors giving rise to any Claim or Interest
shall have no rights arising from or related thereto, or the cancellation thereof, except the rights, distributions, and treatment provided for pursuant to the Plan or the Confirmation Order. 

Notwithstanding such cancellation and discharge, subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and the Confirmation Order: 

(1) 

The interests of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, in their direct and indirect subsidiaries
shall remain unaffected by the Plan. 

(2) 

The DIP Facility Documents shall continue in effect solely for purposes of allowing the DIP Agent to
(i) receive distributions from the Debtors under the Plan and to make further distributions to the Holders of the DIP Claims on account of such DIP Claims, as set forth in Article VI of the Plan; (ii) enforce its interests with respect to
the DIP Lenders; (iii) enforce its rights to payment of fees, expenses, and indemnification obligations as against any money or property distributable to Holders of DIP Claims, including any rights to priority of payment with respect to the DIP
Lenders; and (iv) appear and be heard in the Bankruptcy Court or in any court of competent jurisdiction, including to enforce any obligation owed to the DIP Agent or Holders of DIP Claims under the Plan. 

Except for the foregoing, subject to the performance by the applicable Trustee and the DIP Agent of their obligations under the Plan, such
Trustee and DIP Agent and their agents shall be relieved of all further duties and responsibilities related to the Senior Notes Documents upon the occurrence of the Effective Date (provided, that the Surviving Senior Notes Provisions shall
survive in accordance with the terms of the Senior Notes Documents). 

2.13 

Cancellation of Certain Existing Security Interests

Upon the full payment or other satisfaction of an Allowed Other Secured Claim or Allowed DIP Claim or promptly thereafter, the Holder of such
Claims shall deliver to the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, any collateral or other property of the Debtors held by such Holder, together with any termination statements, instruments of satisfaction, or releases of all security
interests with respect to its Claims that may be reasonably required to terminate any related financing statements, guaranties, mortgages, mechanics liens or other Liens, or lis pendens, or similar interests or documents. 

Furthermore, upon full payment or other satisfaction of the foregoing Claims, on or after the Effective Date, the Debtors or the Reorganized
Debtors, at their expense, may, in their sole discretion, take any action necessary to terminate, cancel, extinguish, or evidence the release of any and all guaranties, mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, and other security interests with
respect to such Claims, including, without limitation, the preparation and filing of any and all documents necessary to terminate, satisfy, or release any guaranties, mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, and other security interests,
including, without limitation, UCC-3 termination statements. 

15 

2.14 

Approval of the Exit Facility and the Exit Facility Documents

On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors funded debt shall consist of the Exit Facility. The Reorganized Debtors may use the Exit
Facility for any purpose permitted by the Exit Facility Documents, including the funding of obligations under the Plan and satisfaction of ongoing working capital needs. 

Confirmation of the Plan shall be deemed to constitute approval of the Exit Facility, the Exit Facility Documents (including all transactions
contemplated thereby, such as any supplementation or additional syndication of the Exit Facility, and all actions to be taken, undertakings to be made and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection therewith, including the
payment of all fees, indemnities, and expenses provided for therein) and, subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, authorization for the Reorganized Debtors to enter into and perform their obligations under the Exit Facility Documents, and
such other documents as may be reasonably required or appropriate, in each case, in accordance therewith. 

The Exit Facility Documents
shall constitute legal, valid, binding, and authorized obligations of the Reorganized Debtors, enforceable in accordance with their terms. The financial accommodations to be extended pursuant to the Exit Facility Documents are being extended, and
shall be deemed to have been extended, in good faith, for legitimate business purposes, are reasonable, shall not be subject to avoidance, recharacterization, or subordination (including equitable subordination) for any purposes whatsoever, and
shall not constitute preferential transfers, fraudulent conveyances, or other voidable transfers under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable non-bankruptcy Law. 

On the Effective Date, all of the Liens and security interests granted or to be granted in accordance with the Exit Facility Documents shall:
(i) be legal, binding, and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, the collateral granted thereunder in accordance with the terms of the Exit Facility Documents; (ii) be deemed automatically, without any further action being
required by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or any of the lenders under the Exit Facility, perfected on the Effective Date on a first-priority basis, subject only to (solely with respect to the first-priority nature of such Liens and security
interests) such Liens and security interests as may be permitted to be senior thereto under the Exit Facility Documents; and (iii) not be subject to avoidance, recharacterization, or subordination (including equitable subordination) for any
purposes whatsoever and shall not constitute preferential transfers, fraudulent conveyances, or other voidable transfers under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable non-bankruptcy Law. The Reorganized Debtors
and the Entities granting such Liens and security interests are authorized to make all filings and recordings, and to obtain all governmental approvals and consents necessary to establish and perfect such Liens and security interests under the
provisions of the applicable state, provincial, federal, or other Law (whether domestic or foreign) that would be applicable in the absence of this Plan and the Confirmation Order (it being understood that perfection shall occur automatically by
virtue of the entry of the Confirmation Order, and any such filings, recordings, approvals, and consents shall not be required), and will thereafter cooperate to make all other filings and recordings that otherwise would be necessary under
applicable Law to give notice of such Liens and security interests to third parties. 

16 

2.15 

Issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity

Units of the Reorganized Common Equity (including the Direct Investment Shares and the Reorganized Common Equity issuable as Senior Notes Claim
Equity Recovery or (i) upon the exercise of the Subscription Rights in the Equity Rights Offering, (ii) on account of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium, and the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout Premium, or (iii) in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, as applicable) shall be authorized under the New Organizational Documents. Units of the Reorganized Common Equity shall be issued on the Effective Date and
distributed as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with the Plan. All such Reorganized Common Equity issuable in accordance with the Plan, when so issued, shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. The issuance of the Reorganized Common Equity is authorized without the need for any further corporate action and without any further action by any Holder of a Claim or Interest. All Holders of
Reorganized Common Equity, however issued, shall be deemed to be a party to, and bound by, the New Shareholders Agreement and the other applicable New Organizational Documents, in accordance with their terms, without the requirement to execute a
signature page thereto. 

All Existing Common Interests outstanding prior to Consummation (including all rights exchangeable or exercisable
for shares of Existing Common Interests) shall be extinguished upon Consummation, and Holders thereof shall not receive any payment or property on account of any such shares of capital stock. 

2.16 

Rights Offering

The Equity Rights Offering shall be conducted by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors and consummated in accordance with the Plan and on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and the related subscription form and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. The Equity Rights Offering shall be fully backstopped by the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

In accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Procedures, the Debtors shall distribute the Subscription Rights to holders of Senior Notes
Claims to purchase Reorganized Common Equity in an amount equal to the Equity Rights Offering Amount. In accordance with the Plan, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, and the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and the related
subscription form, (i) each Holder of a Senior Notes Claim shall be offered Subscription Rights entitling it to subscribe for and purchase its Pro-Rata Share of shares of Reorganized Common Equity in an
aggregate amount equal to 55% of the Equity Rights Offering Amount (exclusive of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium) (such amount, the Non-Holdback Rights Offering Amount), and
(ii) the Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties will agree to purchase (based on the respective amounts and percentages applicable thereto as set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) their respective portion of
shares of Reorganized Common Equity in the Equity Rights Offering in an aggregate amount equal to 45% of the Equity Rights Offering Amount (exclusive of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium) (such amount, the Holdback Rights Offering
Amount and such aggregate number of Equity Rights Offering Shares to be purchased on account of the Holdback Rights Offering Amount, the Direct Investment Shares). The Equity Rights Offering Shares will be offered in the
Equity Rights Offering for Cash at the Equity Rights Offering Share Price, which reflects the plan equity value per share after discounting by 35% the pre-rights offering proceeds valuation portion thereof.

17 

The Subscription Rights are not detachable from the Senior Notes Claims and may not be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated, participated, donated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of, directly or indirectly (including through derivatives, options, swaps, forward sales or other transactions in which any person receives the
right to own or acquire any current or future interest in the Subscription Rights) (such acts, collectively, transfer or transferred), except, in the case of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties, as set forth in the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. Any transfer following the subscription record date of the corresponding Senior Note Claim (except as provided in the Equity Rights Offering Procedures) shall void the Subscription Right, and
neither the transferring party nor the purported transferee will receive any Equity Rights Offering Sharesotherwise purchasable on account of such transferred Subscription Rights. 

To facilitate the Equity Rights Offering and in exchange for the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Parties, all of whom are QIBs and/or Accredited Investors, have entered into the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. In accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement and subject to the terms and
conditions thereof, (i) each of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties and the Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties shall fully exercise all of its Subscription Rights, (ii) each of the Equity Rights Offering Holdback Parties shall
purchase its portion of the Direct Investment Shares in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, and (iii) each of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties shall purchase its respective share (in accordance
with the amounts and percentages applicable thereto as set forth in the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) of any Equity Rights Offering Shares that are not subscribed and purchased by the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims in
the Equity Rights Offering. In exchange for providing the above commitments under the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties will receive their respective allocations of the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Premium. The Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment shall be treated as a put option and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium shall be treated as remuneration for agreeing to enter into such put option. The Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Premium shall be paid in accordance with the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order. 

The proceeds of the
Equity Rights Offering shall be used to (i) fund Plan distributions, (ii) provide the Reorganized Debtors with additional liquidity for working capital and general corporate purposes, and (iii) pay all reasonable and documented
Professional Fee Claims, Restructuring Expenses, and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel. 

Distribution of Reorganized Common Equity pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement
(including as payment of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium), or the Plan may be made by means of book-entry registration on the books of the Reorganized Debtors or a transfer agent for the Reorganized Common Equity, or by means of
book-entry exchange through the facilities of a depositary or transfer agent 

18 

reasonably satisfactory to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders, in accordance with the customary practices of such agent, as and to the extent practicable. Any
Entitys acceptance of Reorganized Common Equity in connection with the Equity Rights Offering (including as payment of Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium) shall be deemed as its agreement to the New Organizational Documents, including
theNew Shareholders Agreement. The New Organizational Documents may be amended or modified from time to time following the Effective Date in accordance with their respective terms. 

In order to subscribe to the Equity Rights Offering pursuant to Section 4.13 of the Plan with respect its Allowed
Senior Notes Claims, a Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim will be required to tender all of the underlying Senior Notes into a contra-CUSIP pursuant to DTCs ATOP procedures by the deadline specified in the Equity Rights Offering
Documents, and the Senior Notes that are tendered into the contra-CUSIP will no longer be transferable. 

Entry of the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall constitute Bankruptcy Court approval of the Equity Rights Offering and the Equity Rights Offering Documents, and all transactions contemplated thereby, and all actions to be taken, undertakings to be made,
and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection therewith, including the issuance of Reorganized Common Equity pursuant thereto and the payment of all fees, indemnities, expenses, and other payments provided for in connection
therewith, and authorization of the Reorganized Debtors to enter into and execute any other documents necessary to effectuate the transactions in Section 4.13 of the Plan. 

2.17 

Approval of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents

The Common Equity Convenience Buyout shall be conducted by the Debtors and consummated in accordance with the Plan
and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. The Common Equity Convenience Buyout shall be fully backstopped by the Equity
Rights Offering Backstop Parties in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. 

In accordance with the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and the Plan, any Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim may (solely at
the option of such Holder) elect the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option in lieu of the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery such Holder would otherwise be entitled to receive under the Plan; provided, that only Holders which vote to accept the Plan
are eligible to elect the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option, absent the consent of the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders. 

Pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties, all of whom are QIBs and/or
Accredited Investors, have agreed to (i) refrain from electing the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option, and (ii) fund on or prior to the Effective Date, severally but not jointly, their respective shares (as set forth in the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement) of the incremental capital necessary to fund the aggregate Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount, up to the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap, in exchange for (x) shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued by
the Reorganized Company that would have otherwise been issued to Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims that elected the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option pursuant to clause (A) of the Senior Notes Claim Equity

19 

Recovery minus the number of shares of Reorganized Common Equity issued to Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims that elected the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option on account of the Cash-Out Reduction (the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Shares) and (y) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium. The Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment shall be treated as a put
option and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium shall be treated as remuneration for agreeing to enter into such put option. The Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium shall be paid in accordance the Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Commitment Order. 

To the extent any Senior Notes Claim Cash Option is elected, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Shares, will instead
be issued and sold by Reorganized Debtors to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties funding the Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount, for Cash equal to the aggregate Senior Notes Claim Cash Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Parties shall not be required or authorized to fund more than an amount equal to the aggregate Common Equity Convenience Buyout Cap. 

In order to elect to receive the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option pursuant to Section 4.14 of the Plan with respect
all of its Allowed Senior Notes Claim, a Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes Claim will be required to tender all of the underlying Senior Notes into a contra-CUSIP pursuant to DTCs ATOP procedures by the deadline specified in the Common Equity
Convenience Buyout Documents, and the Senior Notes that are tendered into the contra-CUSIP will no longer be transferable. 

Entry of the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall constitute Bankruptcy Court approval of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout contemplated in Section 4.14 of the Plan and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Documents, and all transactions contemplated thereby, and all actions to be taken, undertakings to be made, and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection therewith, including the issuance of Reorganized Common Equity
pursuant thereto and the payment of all fees, indemnities, expenses, and other payments provided for in connection therewith, and authorization of the Reorganized Debtors to enter into and execute any other documents necessary to effectuate the
transactions in Section 4.14 of the Plan. 

2.18 

Exemption from Registration Requirements

The issuance, and distribution of the Subscription Rights and the Reorganized Common Equity under the Plan, including in connection with the
Equity Rights Offering, shall be exempt from registration requirements under Securities Act, or any state or local law requiring registration for offer and sale of a security, in reliance upon the exemption provided in section 1145(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code to the maximum extent permitted by law, or, if section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code is not available, then the Reorganized Common Equity will be offered, issued, and distributed under the Plan pursuant to other applicable
exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. 

Any Reorganized Common Equity issued on
account of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Shares, any Reorganized Common Equity that is unsubscribed in the Equity Rights Offering and issued to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Commitment Agreement on account of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment, any Direct Investment Shares, and any Reorganized Common Equity issued to an 

20 

entity that is an underwriter with respect to such securities, as that term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the Placement
Securities) shall be issued in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder and on equivalent state law registration exemptions or, solely to the extent such exemptions are not
available, other available exemptions from registration under the Securities Act. The Subscription Rights and all of the Reorganized Common Equity issuable under the Plan other than the Placement Securities (collectively, the 1145
Securities) shall be exempt, without further act or actions by any Entity, from registration under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws pursuant to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Subject to the transfer provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions of the New Organizational Documents, the Reorganized Common Equity
comprising 1145 Securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act or other federal securities Laws pursuant to the exemption provided by section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act, unless the holder (i) is an
underwriter with respect to such securities, as that term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy code, (ii) is an affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors (as defined in rule 144(a)(1) in the Securities Act), or
(iii) has been such an affiliate within ninety (90) days of such transfer. In addition, subject to the transfer provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions of the New Organizational Documents, such 1145 Securities may
generally be resold without registration under state securities laws pursuant to various exemptions provided by the respective Laws of the several states. 

The Placement Securities will be considered restricted securities and may not be transferred except pursuant to an effective
registration statement or under an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as, under certain conditions, the resale provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, subject to, in each case, the transfer
provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions set forth in the New Shareholders Agreement, if any, and the New Organizational Documents. 

Neither the Debtors, the Reorganized Company, nor any other Person shall be required to provide any further evidence other than the Plan or
the Confirmation Order with respect to the treatment of the Reorganized Common Equity under applicable securities laws. DTC and any transfer agent (as applicable) shall be required to accept and conclusively rely upon the Plan or Confirmation Order
in lieu of a legal opinion regarding whether the Reorganized Common Equity are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services (to the extent applicable). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, no Person (including DTC and any transfer agent) shall be entitled to require a legal
opinion regarding the validity of any transaction contemplated by the Plan, including whether the Reorganized Common Equity are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services. 

2.19 

Organizational Documents

On the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall enter into such agreements and amend their corporate governance documents to the extent
necessary to implement the terms and provisions of the Plan. The New Organizational Documents shall comply with section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

21 

2.20 

Exemption from Certain Transfer Taxes and Recording Fees

To the fullest extent permitted by section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, any transfer from the Debtors to the Reorganized Debtors or to any
Entity pursuant to, in contemplation of, or in connection with the Plan, the Restructuring Transactions, or pursuant to: (i) the issuance, distribution, transfer, or exchange of any debt, securities, or other interest in the Debtors or the
Reorganized Debtors, including the Reorganized Common Equity; (ii) the creation, modification, consolidation, or recording of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security interest, or the securing of additional indebtedness by such or other
means, including the grant of collateral as security for any or all of the Exit Facility; (iii) the making, assignment, or recording of any lease or sublease; or (iv) the making, delivery, or recording of any deed or other instrument of
transfer under, in furtherance of, or in connection with, the Plan, including any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, or other instrument of transfer executed in connection with any transaction arising out of, contemplated by, or in any way related
to the Plan, shall not be subject to any Stamp or Similar Tax or governmental assessment, and the appropriate state or local governmental officials or agents shall forego the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment and shall accept for
filing and recordation any of the foregoing instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax or governmental assessment. Unless the Bankruptcy Court orders otherwise, all sales, transfers, and assignments of owned and leased
property approved by the Bankruptcy Court on or before the Effective Date shall be deemed to have been in furtherance of, or in connection with, the Plan. 

2.21 

Managers, Directors, and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors

Except to the extent that a member of the board of directors or board of managers, or the sole manager, as applicable, of any Debtor is
designated in the Plan Supplement to serve as a director, manager, or sole manager of the Reorganized Debtors on the Effective Date, the members of the board of directors or board of managers, or the sole manager, as applicable, of any Debtor prior
to the Effective Date, in their capacities as such, shall have no continuing obligations to the Reorganized Debtors on or after the Effective Date, and each such director, manager, or sole manager shall be deemed to have resigned or shall otherwise
cease to be a director, manager, or sole manager of the Reorganized Debtors on the Effective Date. 

Each of the directors, managers, sole
managers, and officers of the Reorganized Debtors shall serve pursuant to the terms of the applicable New Organizational Documents of the Reorganized Debtors and may be designated, replaced, or removed in accordance with such New Organizational
Documents. The members of the Reorganized Board, if known, shall be disclosed prior to the Combined Hearing in accordance with section 1129(a)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

2.22 

Incentive Plans. 

(a) All existing equity incentive plans of the Debtors shall be terminated, or deemed terminated, as of the Effective Date. 

(b) The Reorganized Company shall reserve for senior management a pool of 10% of the fully diluted Reorganized Common Equity that is issued
and outstanding on the Effective Date for a post-Effective Date Management Incentive Plan. 

(c) It is also expected that the Reorganized
Company will provide a long-term incentive program for employees in continuation of historical practice and the Reorganized Board shall determine the performance criteria, structure, and form of compensation, in consultation with compensation
consultant(s) and key holders of Reorganized Common Equity as appropriate. 

22 

2.23 

Effectuating Documents; Further Transactions

Prior to, on, and after the Effective Date, the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors and the directors, managers, officers, authorized persons, and
members of the board of directors or managers and directors thereof, are authorized to and may issue, execute, deliver, file, or record such contracts, securities, instruments, releases, and other agreements or documents and take such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement, and further evidence the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Exit Facility Documents, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience
Buyout Documents, the New Organizational Documents, and any other securities issued pursuant to the Plan in the name of and on behalf of the Reorganized Debtors, without the need for any approvals, authorizations, actions, or consents except for
those expressly required pursuant to the Plan. 

The Confirmation Order shall, and shall be deemed to, pursuant to both section 1123 and
section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, authorize, among other things, all actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate any transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate the Plan. 

2.24 

Restructuring Expenses and DIP Facility Expenses

The Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of
counsel, shall be paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date (to the extent not previously paid during the course of the Chapter 11 Cases) without any requirement to file a fee application with the Bankruptcy Court, without any requirement for
Bankruptcy Court review or approval. All Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel to be paid on the Effective Date shall be estimated prior to and
as of the Effective Date and such estimates shall be delivered to the Debtors at least three (3) Business Days before the anticipated Effective Date (or such other period as the Debtors and the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders may
reasonably agree); provided, that such estimate shall not limit any partys entitlement to be paid or repaid its Restructuring Expenses or fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and
expenses of counsel. On or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date (but no later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date), final invoices for all Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent
under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel incurred prior to and as of the Effective Date, shall be submitted to the Debtors. 

2.25 

Retained Causes of Action

Unless any Causes of Action or Claims against an Entity are expressly waived, relinquished, exculpated, released, compromised, or settled in
the Plan, the DIP Orders, or by a Final Order, in accordance with section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Reorganized Debtors shall retain and may enforce all rights to commence and pursue any and all Causes of Action or Claims in the ordinary
course, whether arising before or after the Petition Date, including any actions specifically enumerated in the Plan Supplement, and the Reorganized Debtors rights to commence, prosecute, or settle such Causes of Action and Claims shall be
preserved notwithstanding the occurrence of the Effective Date. The Reorganized Debtors may pursue such retained Causes of Action or Claims and may exercise any and all rights in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, in no instance will
any Cause of Action preserved pursuant to Section 4.22 of the Plan include any Claim or Cause of Action with respect to, or against, a Released Party that is released under the Plan. 

23 

No Entity may rely on the absence of a specific reference in the Plan, the Plan
Supplement, or the Disclosure Statement to any Cause of Action against it as any indication that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors will not pursue any and all available Causes of Action against it. Unless any such Causes of Action against an
Entity are expressly waived, relinquished, exculpated, released, compromised, assigned, or settled in the Plan, Confirmation Order, or a Final Order, all such Causes of Action shall be expressly reserved by the Reorganized Debtors for later
adjudication, and, therefore, no preclusion doctrine, including the doctrines of res judicata, collateral estoppel, issue preclusion, claim preclusion, estoppel (judicial, equitable, or otherwise), or laches shall apply to such Causes of Action
upon, after, or as a consequence of the Confirmation or Consummation of the Plan. The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve all rights to prosecute any and all Causes of Action against any Entity, except as otherwise expressly
provided in the Plan. 

2.26 

Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases

All Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases of the Debtors shall be assumed absent an objection as set forth in
Section 5.2 of the Plan or an order requiring rejection, without the need for any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code as of the Effective
Date, except for those Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that, in each case, (i) have been assumed or rejected by the Debtors by prior order of the Bankruptcy Court, (ii) are the subject of a motion to reject filed by the Debtors
pending on the Effective Date, (iii) are identified as rejected Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases by the Debtors on the Schedule of Rejected Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be filed in the Plan Supplement, which may be
amended by the Debtors up to and through the Effective Date to add or remove Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases by filing with the Bankruptcy Court a subsequent Plan Supplement and serving it on the affected
non-Debtor contract parties, or (iv) are rejected or terminated pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease shall be fully enforceable by the Reorganized Debtors in
accordance with the terms thereof, except as otherwise modified by the provisions of the Plan, or by any order of the Bankruptcy Court. 

The Confirmation Order shall constitute an order of the Bankruptcy Court: (i) approving the assumption of all Executory Contracts or
Unexpired Leases, as described in the Plan, pursuant to Bankruptcy Code sections 365(a) and 1123(b)(2); (ii) providing that each assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection, as the case may be, is in the best interests of the Reorganized
Debtors, their Estates, and all parties in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases; and (iii) providing that the requirements for assumption or assumption and assignment of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed have been satisfied.
Unless otherwise indicated, all assumptions or rejections of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases pursuant to the Plan are effective as of the Effective Date. 

24 

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or agreed to by the Debtors and the applicable
counterparty, each assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease shall include all modifications, amendments, supplements, restatements, or other agreements related thereto, and all rights related thereto, if any, including all easements, licenses,
permits, rights, privileges, immunities, options, rights of first refusal, and any other interests. To the maximum extent permitted by law, to the extent any provision in any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to the Plan
restricts or prevents, or purports to restrict or prevent, or is breached or deemed breached by, the assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease (including any change of control provision), then such provision shall be
deemed modified such that the transactions contemplated by the Plan shall not entitle the non-Debtor party thereto to terminate such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or to exercise any other
default-related rights with respect thereto. Modifications, amendments, supplements, and restatements to prepetition Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that have been executed by the Debtors during the Chapter 11 Cases shall not be deemed to
alter the prepetition nature of the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or the validity, priority, or amount of any Claims that may arise in connection therewith. 

2.27 

Cure of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases

Unless otherwise agreed in writing by such counterparty, any monetary defaults that are required to be cured to assume an Executory Contract
or Unexpired Lease shall be satisfied pursuant to section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code in the ordinary course of business. Any counterparty to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that fails to timely raise any objection that could have been
raised under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be deemed to have consented to the Debtors assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, to the extent any such consent is required, and all such counterparties shall
be forever enjoined and barred from objecting to the Debtors assumption of such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease for any reason. 

If there is a dispute regarding (i) the amount of any Cure Cost, (ii) the ability of the Reorganized Debtors to provide
adequate assurance of future performance (within the meaning of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) under the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed or (iii) any other matter pertaining to assumption, then the
Bankruptcy Court shall retain jurisdiction in all respects to hear such disputes; provided that the occurrence of any such dispute shall not prevent or delay Confirmation or Consummation of the Plan; provided further that the Debtors
may settle any such dispute without any further notice to any party or any action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court; provided further that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Debtors reserve the right to either
reject, or nullify the assumption of, any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease within forty-five (45) days after the entry of a Final Order resolving an objection to assumption, determining the Cure Cost under an Executory Contract or
Unexpired Lease that was subject to a dispute, or resolving any request for adequate assurance of future performance required to assume such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. 

25 

Assumption of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to the Plan or otherwise,
and the continued performance thereunder (or the payment of a Cure Cost, if any), shall result in the full release, satisfaction, and cure of any defaults thereunder, whether monetary or nonmonetary, including defaults of provisions restricting the
change in control or ownership interest composition or other bankruptcy-related defaults, arising under any assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease at any time prior to the effective date of such assumption or assumption and assignment. Any
and all Proofs of Claim filed with respect to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that has been assumed or assumed and assigned in the Chapter 11 Cases, including pursuant to the Confirmation Order, and for which any Cure Cost has been fully
paid pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Plan, shall be deemed Disallowed and expunged as of the Effective Date, without the need for any objection thereto or any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy
Court. 

2.28 

Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases

If the rejection by the Debtors, pursuant to the Plan or otherwise, of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease gives rise to a Claim, a Proof
of Claim must be served upon the Debtors and their counsel within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) notice of entry of the Confirmation Order or (ii) other notice that the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease has been
rejected. Any Claims not served within the applicable time period will be forever barred from assertion against the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, their Estates, and their property. 

2.29 

Indemnification Obligations

Any and all Indemnification Obligations of the Debtors, including pursuant to its corporate charter, agreements, bylaws, memorandum, or other
organizational documents, or board resolutions, employment contracts, or other agreements for the directors, officers, managers, employees, attorneys, other professionals, and agents employed by the Debtors to indemnify current and former officers,
directors, agents, or employees with respect to all present and future actions, suits, and proceedings against the Debtors based upon any act or omission for or on behalf of the Debtors shall remain in full force and effect to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable Law and shall not be discharged, impaired, or otherwise affected by the Plan. All such obligations shall be deemed and treated as Executory Contracts that are assumed by the Debtors under the Plan and shall continue as
obligations of the Reorganized Debtors. Any Claim based on the Debtors obligations in Section 5.4 of the Plan herein shall not be a Disputed Claim or subject to any objection, in either case, by reason of section
502(e)(1)(B) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. 

2.30 

Contracts and Leases Entered Into After the Petition Date

Contracts and leases entered into after the Petition Date by the Debtors, including any Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases assumed by
the Debtors, shall be performed by the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors liable thereunder in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, such contracts and leases (including any assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases) will survive and
remain unaffected by entry of the Confirmation Order. 

2.31 

Insurance Policies

All Insurance Policies pursuant to which the Debtors have any obligations in effect as of the Effective Date shall be deemed and treated as
Executory Contracts pursuant to the Plan and shall be assumed by the Reorganized Debtors and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter in accordance with such policys respective terms. 

26 

2.32 

Reservation of Rights

Nothing contained in the Plan shall constitute an admission by the Debtors that any contract or lease is in fact an Executory Contract or
Unexpired Lease or that the Reorganized Debtors have any liability thereunder. 

2.33 

Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date of the Plan

The following are conditions precedent to the Effective Date that must be satisfied, waived pursuant to Section 8.2 of the Plan, or are
conditions that must be satisfied substantially contemporaneous with consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, as applicable: 

(a) 

the following documents shall be in full force and effect substantially contemporaneous with the consummation
of the Restructuring Transactions, and shall not be stayed, modified, revised, or vacated, or subject to any pending appeal, and shall not have been terminated prior to the Effective Date: (a) the New Organizational Documents; (b) the Exit
Facility Documents; (c) the Equity Rights Offering Documents; (d) the Management Incentive Plan; (e) the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents; (f) such other motions, orders, agreements, and documentation necessary or
desirable to consummate and document the transactions contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement and the Plan; (g) to the extent not included in the foregoing, all financing documents needed to effectuate the Restructuring
Transactions, and (h) all other material customary documents delivered in connection with transactions of this type (including, without limitation, any and all other documents implementing, achieving, contemplated by or relating to the
Restructuring Transactions); 

(b) 

(i) the Restructuring Support Agreement shall not have been terminated by any party thereto in accordance with
the provisions thereof; (ii) the Restructuring Support Agreement shall not have been invalidated or deemed unenforceable by the Bankruptcy Court or any other Governmental Unit; and (iii) to the extent not otherwise waived, there shall not
be continuing any properly noticed cure period with respect to any event, occurrence, or condition that would permit the Required Consenting Senior Noteholders to terminate the Restructuring Support Agreement in accordance with its terms following
the end of such cure period; 

(c) 

each of the conditions precedent for consummation of the transactions contemplated in Section 7.1 of the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms thereof; 

(d) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order, and the Confirmation Order shall be a Final
Order; 

(e) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order, and the Equity
Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Order shall be a Final Order; 

27 

(f) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Disclosure Statement Order, and the Disclosure Statement Order
shall be a Final Order; 

(g) 

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the DIP Orders, and the Final DIP Order shall be a Final Order;

(h) 

no Default or Event of Default (each as defined in the DIP Credit Agreement or DIP Orders, as applicable) shall
have occurred and be continuing under the DIP Credit Agreement or the DIP Order, as applicable, that has not been waived by the DIP Agent or cured by the Debtors in a manner consistent with the DIP Facility Documents; 

(i) 

each of (a) the Exit Facility, (b) the Equity Rights Offering, (c) the Common Equity Convenience
Buyout, and (d) the Reorganized Common Equity shall have been issued or completed, as applicable, and any funding required thereunder shall have occurred substantially contemporaneously with consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, in
each case, in accordance with the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering Documents, the Common Equity Convenience Buyout Documents, and the documents and agreements governing the same; 

(j) 

all documents, certificates, and agreements necessary to implement the Plan shall have been executed and
tendered for delivery to the required parties and, to the extent required, filed with the applicable Governmental Units in accordance with applicable Laws, and all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of such documents and agreements shall have
been satisfied or waived pursuant to the terms thereof (or will be satisfied and waived substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Effective Date); 

(k) 

all actions necessary to implement the Plan shall have been effected; 

(l) 

all requisite governmental, regulatory, and material third-party approvals, KYC requirements, and any other
authorizations, consents, rulings, or documents required to implement and effectuate the Restructuring Transactions shall have been obtained; 

(m) 

there shall be no ruling, judgment, or order issued by any Governmental Unit making illegal, enjoining, or
otherwise preventing or prohibiting the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions; 

(n) 

the Professional Fee Escrow Account shall have been established and the Professional Fee Reserve Amount shall
have been funded in accordance with the Plan; 

28 

(o) 

the Debtors shall have paid in full in Cash (or the Debtors shall pay in full in Cash substantially
contemporaneously with consummation of the Restructuring Transactions) all Restructuring Expenses and fees and expenses payable to the DIP Agent under the DIP Facility Documents, including fees and expenses of counsel incurred or estimated to be
incurred, through the Effective Date; 

(p) 

the guarantees, mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests held by any Holders of
Other Secured Claims shall be fully released and discharged (or will be fully released and discharged substantially contemporaneously with the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions); 

(q) 

the conditions to the effectiveness of the Exit Facility set forth in the Exit Facility Documents (other than
the occurrence of the Effective Date) shall have been or contemporaneously will be satisfied or waived; 

(r) 

the conditions of the effectiveness of the Equity Rights Offering set forth in the Equity Rights Offering
Documents (other than the occurrence of the Effective Date) shall have been satisfied or waived; 

(s) 

the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement shall not have terminated as to all parties thereto
and shall continue to be in full force and effect; 

(t) 

the final version of the Plan Supplement and all of the schedules, documents, and exhibits contained therein
(and any amendment thereto) shall have been filed in a manner consistent with the consent rights contained herein; and 

(u) 

each Definitive Document shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Debtors and the Required
Consenting Senior Noteholders (unless otherwise provided for herein). 

For the avoidance of doubt, any condition that requires any
agreement, order or document to be in full force and effect, or entered by the Bankruptcy Court, as applicable, shall include a requirement that such agreement, order or document is consistent with the Restructuring Support Agreement and otherwise
in form and substance as set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

2.34 

Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests; Compromise and Settlement of Claims, Interests,
and Controversies

Pursuant to and to the fullest extent permitted by section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code,
and except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, the distributions, rights, and treatment that are provided in the Plan shall be in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge, effective as of the Effective Date, of all
Interests and Claims of any nature whatsoever, including any interest accrued on Claims from and after the Petition Date, whether known or unknown, against, liabilities of, Liens on, obligations of, rights against the Debtors, the Reorganized
Debtors or any of their properties, including property of the Estates, and regardless 

29 

of whether any property shall have been distributed or retained pursuant to the Plan on account of such Claims, including demands, liabilities, and Causes of Action that arose before the
Effective Date, any contingent or non-contingent liability on account of representations or warranties issued on or before the Effective Date, and all debts of the kind specified in sections 502(g), 502(h), or
502(i) of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case whether or not: (i) a Proof of Claim is filed or deemed filed pursuant to section 501 of the Bankruptcy Code; (ii) a Claim or Interest is Allowed; or (iii) the Holder of such Claim or
Interest has accepted or rejected, or been deemed to accept or reject, the Plan. Except as otherwise provided herein, any default by the Debtors or their Affiliates with respect to any Claim or Interest that existed immediately prior to or on
account of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases shall be deemed cured on the Effective Date. The Confirmation Order shall be a judicial determination of the discharge of all Claims and Interests subject to the Effective Date occurring, except as
otherwise expressly provided in the Plan. 

2.35 

Release, Injunction, and Related Provisions

(a) 

Releases by the Debtors

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THE PLAN TO THE CONTRARY, AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES THAT REMAIN IN
EFFECT TO ENFORCE THE PLAN, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1123(B) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE ADEQUACY OF WHICH IS HEREBY CONFIRMED, INCLUDING THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE DEBTORS UNDER THE PLAN AND THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE
RELEASED PARTIES TO FACILITATE AND IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, ON AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THE RELEASED PARTIES ARE DEEMED CONCLUSIVELY, ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY, AND FOREVER RELEASED AND DISCHARGED BY AND ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS, THE
REORGANIZED DEBTORS, AND THEIR ESTATES, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, REPRESENTATIVES AND ANY AND ALL OTHER PERSONS THAT MAY PURPORT TO ASSERT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION DERIVATIVELY, BY OR THROUGH THE
FOREGOING PERSONS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS, ASSERTED OR ASSERTABLE ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS, WHETHER LIQUIDATED OR
UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, MATURE OR UNMATURED, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, EXISTING OR HEREINAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, BY STATUTE, VIOLATIONS OF FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR OTHERWISE
THAT THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THEIR ESTATES, OR THEIR AFFILIATES WOULD HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ENTITLED TO ASSERT IN THEIR OWN RIGHT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST OR OTHER PERSON,
BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE DEBTORS, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, THE GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT, TRANSACTIONS, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION OF THE DEBTORS, THE

30 

PURCHASE, SALE OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF OR CLAIM AGAINST THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST
THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN THE DEBTORS AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE RESTRUCTURING OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE NEGOTIATION, FORMULATION, PREPARATION, EXECUTION,
FILING, SOLICITATION, ENTRY INTO, AND/OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DIP FACILITY, DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT, EXIT FACILITY, THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING AND EQUITY
RIGHTS OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT DOCUMENTS, OR ANY RELATED CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY ENTITY
REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH
THE FOREGOING, THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION AND CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE REORGANIZED COMMON EQUITY), OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN, OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE
CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.3 OF THE PLAN SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS (I) RELEASING ANY RELEASED PARTY FROM CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM AN ACT OR OMISSION JUDICIALLY DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER TO
HAVE CONSTITUTED INTENTIONAL FRAUD (PROVIDED THAT FRAUD SHALL NOT EXEMPT FROM THE SCOPE OF THESE DEBTORS RELEASES ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 544 OR 548 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR STATE LAWS GOVERNING FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE
AVOIDABLE TRANSFERS OR CONVEYANCES), GROSS NEGLIGENCE, RECKLESSNESS OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (II) RELEASING ANY CONTRACTUAL, POST-EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY OR ENTITY UNDER THE PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ANY RESTRUCTURING
TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THE PLAN, OR (III) TO THE EXTENT THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF CUTERA, INC. DETERMINES TO RECOMMEND THAT ANY DEBTOR
SHOULD NOT GRANT RELEASES IN FAVOR OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THOSE THAT ARE PROPOSED TO BE RELEASED HEREIN BY THE DEBTORS, ANY SUCH
RELEASES GIVEN BY THE DEBTORS WILL BE NULL AND VOID AGAINST SUCH PARTY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES. 

31 

(b) 

Releases by Holders of Claims and Interests

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THE PLAN TO THE CONTRARY, AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EXCEPT FOR THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES THAT REMAIN IN
EFFECT TO ENFORCE THE PLAN, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1123(B) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE ADEQUACY OF WHICH IS HEREBY CONFIRMED, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE PLAN OR IN THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AS SUCH LAW MAY BE EXTENDED OR INTEGRATED AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, EACH RELEASING PARTY SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONCLUSIVELY, ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY, AND FOREVER, RELEASED, AND DISCHARGED
THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THEIR ESTATES, AND THE RELEASED PARTIES, IN EACH CASE ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND ANY AND ALL OTHER PERSONS THAT MAY PURPORT TO ASSERT ANY CAUSE OF
ACTION DERIVATIVELY, BY OR THROUGH THE FOREGOING PERSONS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DERIVATIVE CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ASSERTED OR THAT MAY
BE ASSERTED ON BEHALF OF THE DEBTORS OR THEIR ESTATES, THAT SUCH ENTITY WOULD HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ENTITLED TO ASSERT IN THEIR OWN RIGHT (WHETHER INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY) OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST, WHETHER LIQUIDATED OR
UNLIQUIDATED, FIXED OR CONTINGENT, MATURE OR UNMATURED, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, EXISTING OR HEREINAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN
PART, ANY ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE
CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE DEBTORS, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, THE GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT, TRANSACTIONS, OWNERSHIP, OR OPERATION OF THE DEBTORS, THE PURCHASE, SALE OR RESCISSION OF ANY SECURITY OF OR CLAIM AGAINST THE DEBTORS OR THE REORGANIZED
DEBTORS, THE SUBJECT MATTER OF, OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR EVENTS GIVING RISE TO, ANY CLAIM OR INTEREST THAT IS TREATED IN THE PLAN, THE BUSINESS OR CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN THE DEBTORS AND ANY RELEASED PARTY, THE RESTRUCTURING OF CLAIMS AND
INTERESTS BEFORE OR DURING THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE NEGOTIATION, FORMULATION, PREPARATION, EXECUTION, FILING, SOLICITATION, ENTRY INTO, AND/OR CONSUMMATION 

32 

OF THE PLAN, THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DIP FACILITY, DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT, EXIT FACILITY, THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING AND EQUITY
RIGHTS OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT DOCUMENTS, OR ANY RELATED CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY LEGAL OPINION REQUESTED BY ANY ENTITY
REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION, CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN OR THE RELIANCE BY ANY RELEASED PARTY ON THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER IN LIEU OF SUCH LEGAL OPINION) CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH
THE FOREGOING, THE PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION AND CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN OR CONFIRMATION ORDER, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE REORGANIZED COMMON EQUITY), OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN, OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE
CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.3 OF THE PLAN SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS (I) RELEASING ANY RELEASED PARTY FROM CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM AN ACT OR OMISSION JUDICIALLY DETERMINED BY A FINAL ORDER TO
HAVE CONSTITUTED INTENTIONAL FRAUD (PROVIDED THAT FRAUD SHALL NOT EXEMPT FROM THE SCOPE OF THESE RELEASES ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING UNDER SECTIONS 544 OR 548 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR STATE LAWS GOVERNING FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE
AVOIDABLE TRANSFERS OR CONVEYANCES), GROSS NEGLIGENCE, RECKLESSNESS OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (II) RELEASING ANY CONTRACTUAL, POST-EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY OR ENTITY UNDER THE PLAN, THE
CONFIRMATION ORDER, ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION, OR ANY DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THE PLAN OR (III) TO THE EXTENT THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF CUTERA, INC.
DETERMINES TO RECOMMEND THAT ANY DEBTOR SHOULD NOT GRANT RELEASES IN FAVOR OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, ANY SUCH RELEASES GIVEN BY THE
CONSENTING SENIOR NOTEHOLDERS WILL BE NULL AND VOID AND THE CONSENTING SENIOR NOTEHOLDERS WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATIONS TO OFFER OR CONSENT TO SUCH RELEASES OF SUCH PARTY OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES; PROVIDED HOWVER, THAT
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN SECTION 9.3 OF THE PLAN, UPON THE RECOMMENDATION OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF CUTERA, INC., THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.3 OF THE PLAN MAY INCLUDED RELEASES IN FAVOR OF ANY RELEASED PARTY WITH
RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THOSE THAT ARE PROPOSED TO BE RELEASED HEREIN BY THE DEBTORS, INCLUDING THOSE IN THE ACTION STYLED NIQUETTE V. HARRIS ET
AL., CASE NO. 1:23-CV-01371 (DE). 

33 

(c) 

Exculpation and Limitation of Liability

WITHOUT AFFECTING OR LIMITING THE RELEASES SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.3 OF THE PLAN, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THE PLAN TO THE CONTRARY,
NO EXCULPATED PARTY SHALL HAVE OR INCUR LIABILITY FOR, AND EACH EXCULPATED PARTY IS HEREBY RELEASED AND EXCULPATED FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, SUITS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, REMEDIES, AND LIABILITIES WHATSOEVER,
WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN, EXISTING OR HEREINAFTER ARISING, IN LAW, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE, BASED ON OR RELATING TO, OR IN ANY MANNER ARISING FROM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE DEBTORS, THE CHAPTER 11 CASES, THE PLAN, THE PLAN
SUPPLEMENT, THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, THE RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, THE DIP FACILITY, DIP CREDIT AGREEMENT, EXIT FACILITY, THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING AND EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND COMMON EQUITY
CONVENIENCE BUYOUT DOCUMENTS, THE FORMULATION, PREPARATION, DISSEMINATION, NEGOTIATION OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR ANY CONTRACT, INSTRUMENT, RELEASE, OR OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT CREATED OR ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING, THE
PURSUIT OF CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE PLAN, OR PARTICIPATION IN THE COMMON EQUITY CONVENIENCE BUYOUT AND THE EQUITY RIGHTS OFFERING, THE PURSUIT OF CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN, THE ADMINISTRATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF
THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE ISSUANCE OR DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE PLAN, OR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY UNDER THE PLAN OR ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT, OR UPON ANY OTHER ACT OR OMISSION, TRANSACTION, AGREEMENT, EVENT, OR OTHER OCCURRENCE
TAKING PLACE ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE RELATED OR RELATING TO THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM AN ACT OR OMISSION THAT IS JUDICIALLY DETERMINED IN A FINAL ORDER TO HAVE CONSTITUTED INTENTIONAL FRAUD, WILLFUL
MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BUT IN ALL RESPECTS, SUCH EXCULPATED PARTIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REASONABLY RELY UPON THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THEIR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. THE EXCULPATED PARTIES HAVE, AND UPON COMPLETION OF THE
PLAN, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE, PARTICIPATED IN GOOD FAITH AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS WITH REGARD TO THE SOLICITATION OF, VOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF CONSIDERATION PURSUANT TO, THE PLAN AND, THEREFORE, ARE NOT, AND ON ACCOUNT OF SUCH
DISTRIBUTIONS SHALL NOT BE, LIABLE AT ANY TIME FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW, 

34 

RULE, OR REGULATION GOVERNING THE SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OR REJECTIONS OF THE PLAN OR SUCH DISTRIBUTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. THIS EXCULPATION SHALL BE IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN
LIMITATION OF, ALL OTHER RELEASES, INDEMNITIES, EXCULPATIONS, AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, OR REGULATIONS PROTECTING SUCH EXCULPATED PARTIES FROM LIABILITY. 

(d) 

Injunction

UPON ENTRY OF THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS AND OTHER PARTIES IN INTEREST, ALONG WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE
PRESENT OR FORMER EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS, AFFILIATES, AND RELATED PARTIES SHALL BE ENJOINED FROM TAKING ANY ACTIONS TO INTERFERE WITH THE IMPLEMENTATION OR CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN IN RELATION TO ANY CLAIM EXTINGUISHED,
DISCHARGED, OR RELEASED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, ALL ENTITIES THAT HAVE HELD, HOLD, OR MAY HOLD CLAIMS AGAINST OR INTERESTS IN THE DEBTORS AND OTHER PARTIES IN INTEREST
(OTHER THAN CLAIMS THAT ARE REINSTATED UNDER THE PLAN), ALONG WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE PRESENT OR FORMER EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS, AFFILIATES, AND RELATED PARTIES, ARE PERMANENTLY ENJOINED, FROM AND AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE,
FROM TAKING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS AGAINST, AS APPLICABLE, THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE RELEASED PARTIES, OR THE EXCULPATED PARTIES (TO THE EXTENT OF THE EXCULPATION PROVIDED PURSUANT TO SECTION 9.4 OF THE PLAN WITH RESPECT TO THE
EXCULPATED PARTIES): (I) COMMENCING, CONDUCTING, OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION;
(II) ENFORCING, LEVYING, ATTACHING, COLLECTING, OR RECOVERING BY ANY MANNER OR MEANS, WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY JUDGMENT, AWARD, DECREE, OR ORDER AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH
CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION; (III) CREATING, PERFECTING, OR ENFORCING ANY LIEN OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ANY KIND, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, AGAINST SUCH ENTITIES OR THE PROPERTY OR THE ESTATES OF SUCH ENTITIES ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION; (IV) ASSERTING ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF, SUBROGATION, OR RECOUPMENT OF ANY KIND AGAINST ANY OBLIGATION DUE FROM SUCH ENTITIES OR AGAINST THE PROPERTY OF SUCH ENTITIES ON
ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION UNLESS SUCH ENTITY HAS TIMELY ASSERTED SUCH SETOFF RIGHT IN A DOCUMENT FILED WITH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT ON OR BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE EXPLICITLY
PRESERVING SUCH SETOFF, AND 

35 

NOTWITHSTANDING AN INDICATION OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST OR OTHERWISE THAT SUCH ENTITY ASSERTS, HAS, OR INTENDS TO PRESERVE ANY RIGHT OF SETOFF PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW OR OTHERWISE; AND
(V) COMMENCING, CONDUCTING, OR CONTINUING IN ANY MANNER ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND ON ACCOUNT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIMS, INTERESTS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION RELEASED OR SETTLED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN.
NO PERSON OR ENTITY MAY COMMENCE OR PURSUE A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION OF ANY KIND AGAINST THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, OR THE RELEASED PARTIES THAT RELATES TO OR IS REASONABLY LIKELY TO RELATE TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH,
RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUT OF A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION RELATED TO THE CHAPTER 11 CASES PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY IS A RELEASING PARTY, WITHOUT THE BANKRUPTCY COURT (1) FIRST DETERMINING,
AFTER NOTICE AND A HEARING, THAT SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION REPRESENTS A COLORABLE CLAIM AND (2) SPECIFICALLY AUTHORIZING SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY TO BRING SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST THE DEBTORS, REORGANIZED DEBTORS, OR RELEASED
PARTY. AT THE HEARING FOR THE BANKRUPTCY COURT TO DETERMINE WHETHER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION REPRESENTS A COLORABLE CLAIM OF ANY KIND, THE BANKRUPTCY COURT MAY, OR SHALL IF ANY DEBTOR, REORGANIZED DEBTOR, EXCULPATED PARTY, RELEASED PARTY, OR
OTHER PARTY IN INTEREST REQUESTS BY MOTION (ORAL MOTION BEING SUFFICIENT), DIRECT THAT SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY SEEKING TO COMMENCE OR PURSUE SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION FILE A PROPOSED COMPLAINT WITH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT EMBODYING SUCH CLAIM OR
CAUSE OF ACTION, SUCH COMPLAINT SATISFYING THE APPLICABLE RULES OF FEDERAL PROCEDURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RULE 8 AND RULE 9 (AS APPLICABLE), WHICH THE BANKRUPTCY COURT SHALL ASSESS BEFORE MAKING A DETRMINATION. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT,
ANY PARTY THAT OBTAINS SUCH DETERMINATION AND AUTHORIZATION AND SUBSEQUENTLY WISHES TO AMEND THE AUTHORIZED COMPLAINT OR PETITION TO ADD ANY CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION NOT EXPLICITLY INCLUDED IN THE AUTHORIZED COMPLAINT OR PETITION MUST OBTAIN
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE BANKRUPTCY COURT BEFORE FILING ANY SUCH AMENDMENT IN THE COURT WHERE SUCH COMPLAINT OR PETITION IS PENDING. THE BANKRUPTCY COURT WILL HAVE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO ADJUDICATE THE UNDERLYING COLORABLE CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION. 

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THE FOREGOING, THE INJUNCTION DOES NOT ENJOIN ANY PARTY UNDER THIS PLAN,
THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, OR UNDER ANY OTHER DEFINITIVE DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THIS PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, FROM BRINGING AN ACTION TO ENFORCE THE
TERMS OF THIS PLAN, THE CONFIRMATION ORDER, OR SUCH DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT, OR AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THOSE IN THE PLAN SUPPLEMENT) EXECUTED TO IMPLEMENT THIS PLAN OR THE CONFIRMATION ORDER. 

36 

THE INJUNCTIONS IN SECTION 9.5 OF THE PLAN SHALL EXTEND TO ANY SUCCESSORS OF THE DEBTORS,
THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS, THE RELEASED PARTIES, AND THE EXCULPATED PARTIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY AND INTERESTS IN PROPERTY. 

2.36 

Setoffs and Recoupment

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in the DIP Orders, the Reorganized Debtors pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code (including section 553
of the Bankruptcy Code), applicable bankruptcy or non-bankruptcy Law, or as may be agreed to by the Holder of an Allowed Claim, may set off or recoup against any Allowed Claim and the distributions to be made
pursuant to the Plan on account of such Allowed Claim, any Claims, rights, and Causes of Action of any nature that the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may hold against the Holder of such Allowed Claim, to the extent such Claims, rights, or Causes of
Action have not been otherwise compromised or settled on or prior to the Effective Date (whether pursuant to the Plan, a Final Order or otherwise); provided that neither the failure to effect such a setoff or recoupment nor the allowance of
any Claim pursuant to the Plan shall constitute a waiver or release by such Reorganized Debtors of any such Claims, rights, and Causes of Action. 

In no event shall any Holder of Claims be entitled to set off or recoup any Claim against any Claim, right, or Cause of Action of a Debtor or
a Reorganized Debtor, as applicable, unless such Holder actually has performed such recoupment and provided notice thereof in writing to the Debtors in accordance with Section 11.12 of the Plan on or before the Effective
Date, notwithstanding any indication in any Proof of Claim or otherwise that such Holder asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of recoupment. 

2.37 

Release of Liens

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document created pursuant to the Plan,
on the Effective Date and concurrently with the applicable distributions made pursuant to the Plan, all mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests against any property of the Estates (other than Liens securing the DIP
Facility, which Liens shall be retained by the DIP Agent to secure the Exit Facility and any remaining obligations under the DIP Facility) shall be fully released and discharged, and all of the right, title, and interest of any Holder of such
mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests shall revert to the Reorganized Debtors and their successors and assigns. 

To the extent that any Holder of a Secured Claim that has been satisfied or discharged in full pursuant to the Plan, or any agent for such
Holder, has filed or recorded publicly any Liens or security interests to secure such Holders Secured Claim, then as soon as practicable on or after the Effective Date, such Holder (or the agent for such Holder) shall take any and all steps
requested by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors that are necessary or desirable to record or effectuate the cancellation or extinguishment of such Liens or security interests, including the making of any applicable filings or recordings, and the
Reorganized Debtors shall be entitled to make any such filings or recordings on such Holders behalf. 

37 

2.38 

No Substantive Consolidation

The Plan is being proposed as a joint plan of reorganization of the Debtors for administrative purposes only and constitutes a separate
chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each Debtor. The Plan is not premised upon the substantive consolidation of the Debtors with respect to the Classes of Claims or Interests set forth in the Plan. 

ARTICLE III 

VOTING PROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS 

3.1 

Class Entitled to Vote on the Plan

The following Class is entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan (the Voting Class): 

Class Claim or Interest Status

3 Senior Notes Claims Impaired

If your Claim or Interest is not included in the Voting Class, you are not entitled to vote with respect to
the Plan and you will not receive Solicitation Materials (as defined below). If you are a Holder of a Claim or Interest in the Voting Class, you should read your ballot(s) and carefully follow the instructions included therein. Please use only the
ballot(s) that accompany the applicable Solicitation Materials, if any, or the ballot(s) that the Debtors, or Kurtzman Carson Consultants, Inc. d/b/a Verita Global (Verita Global or, the Solicitation Agent), on
behalf of the Debtors, otherwise provided to you. 

3.2 

Votes Required for Acceptance by a Class

Under the Bankruptcy Code, acceptance of a plan of reorganization by a class of claims or interests is determined by calculating the amount
and, if a class of claims, the number, of claims and interests voting to accept, as a percentage of the allowed claims or interests, as applicable, that have voted. Acceptance by a class of claims requires an affirmative vote of more than one-half (1/2) in number of total allowed claims that have voted and an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) in dollar amount of the total allowed claims that have
voted. Acceptance by a class of interests requires an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) in amount of the total allowed interests that have voted. 

3.3 

Certain Factors to Be Considered Prior to Voting

There are a variety of factors that all Holders of Claims and Interests entitled to vote on the Plan should consider prior to voting to accept
or reject the Plan. These factors may impact recoveries under the Plan and include, among other things: 

unless otherwise specifically indicated, the financial information contained in this Disclosure Statement has not
been audited and is based on an analysis of data available at the time of the preparation of the Plan and this Disclosure Statement; 

38 

although the Debtors believe that the Plan complies with all applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Debtors can neither assure such compliance nor that the Bankruptcy Court will confirm the Plan; 

the Debtors will seek Confirmation without the acceptance of the Plan by all Impaired Classes in accordance with
section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; and 

any delays of either Confirmation or Consummation could result in, among other things, increased Administrative
Claims and Professional Fee Claims. 

While these factors could affect distributions available to Holders of Allowed
Claims or Interests under the Plan, the occurrence or impact of such factors may not necessarily affect the validity of the vote of the Voting Class or necessarily require a re-solicitation of the votes
of Holders of Claims or Interests in the Voting Class pursuant to section 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

For a further discussion
of risk factors, please refer to Certain Factors to Be Considered described in Article VI of this Disclosure Statement. 

3.4 

Classes Not Entitled To Vote on the Plan

Under the Bankruptcy Code, Holders of Claims and Interests are not entitled to vote if their contractual rights are Unimpaired by the proposed
Plan or if they will receive no property under the Plan. Accordingly, the following Classes of Claims against and Interests in the Debtors are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan (the Non-Voting Classes): 

Class 

Claim or Interest 

Status 

Voting Rights

1 Other Secured Claims Unimpaired No (conclusively presumed to accept)

2 Other Priority Claims Unimpaired No (conclusively presumed to accept)

4 General Unsecured Claims Unimpaired No (conclusively presumed to accept)

5 Intercompany Claims Unimpaired/ Impaired No (conclusively presumed to accept or deemed not to accept)

6 Intercompany Interests Unimpaired/ Impaired No (conclusively presumed to accept or deemed not to accept)

7 Existing Common Interests Impaired No (deemed not to accept)

8 Section 510(b) Claims Impaired No (deemed not to accept)

39 

Holders of Claims or Interests in all Non-Voting
Classes may opt-out of becoming a Releasing Party by checking the applicable box on the Opt-Out Form. 

3.5 

Disputes Regarding Impairment

If a Holder of a Claim or Interest disputes the classification of such Holders Claim or Interest, then upon the filing of an objection
to the Plan by such Holder, the Bankruptcy Court shall, after notice and a hearing, determine the proper classification of such Claim or Interest on or before the Confirmation Date. 

3.6 

Nonconsensual Confirmation

Because certain Classes of Claims or Interests are deemed not to vote to accept the Plan, the Debtors will seek Confirmation of the Plan under
section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

3.7 

Subordinated Classes

The allowance, classification, and treatment of all Allowed Claims and Interests, and the respective distributions and treatments under the
Plan, shall take into account and conform to the relative priority and rights of the Claims and Interests in each Class in connection with any contractual, legal, and equitable subordination rights relating thereto, whether arising under
general principles of equitable subordination, section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise. Pursuant to section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, except where otherwise provided herein, the Debtors reserve the right to reclassify any Allowed Claim or
Interest in accordance with any contractual, legal, or equitable subordination rights relating thereto. 

3.8 

Vacant Classes

Any Class of Claims or Interests that does not have a Holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest or a Claim or Interest temporarily
Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court as of the date of the Combined Hearing shall not be deemed to have voted on the Plan for purposes of determining acceptance or rejection of the Plan by such Class pursuant to section 1129(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy
Code. 

3.9 

Intercompany Interests

To the extent Reinstated under the Plan, distributions on account of Intercompany Interests are not being received by Holders of such
Intercompany Interests on account of their Intercompany Interests but for the purposes of administrative convenience and due to the importance of maintaining the corporate structure of the Reorganized Debtors. 

3.10 

No Waiver

Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed to waive the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors right to object on any basis to any
Claim, including after the Effective Date. 

40 

3.11 

Solicitation Procedures

(a) 

Solicitation Agent

The Debtors have retainedVerita Global to act as, among other things, the Solicitation Agent in connection with the solicitation of
votes to accept or reject the Plan. 

(b) 

Materials

The following materials constitute the solicitation materials (collectively, the Solicitation Materials) distributed to
Holders of Claims in the Voting Class (Class 3): 

the notice of the Combined Hearing; 

this Disclosure Statement and all exhibits hereto, including the Plan and all exhibits thereto;

the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Procedures and related subscription or
election forms; and 

a Ballot and applicable voting instructions. 

Holders of Claims or Interests in all Non-Voting Classes are receiving a Notice of Non-Voting Status and Opt-Out Form (the Non-Voting Materials). 

(c) 

Distribution of the Materials

One day prior to the Petition Date, the Debtors caused the Solicitation Materials to be distributed to all Holders of Claims in the Voting
Class; provided, that only Holders that were QIBs or Accredited Investors were permitted to vote prior to conditional approval of the Disclosure Statement by the Bankruptcy Court (the Solicitation Procedures Order). 

Following entry of the Solicitation Procedure Order, on March [7], 2025, the Debtors caused the Solicitation Agent to distribute the
Solicitation Materials to all Holders of Claims in the Voting Class and the Non-Voting Materials to Holders of Claims or Interests in the Non-Voting Classes,
publish the required publication notice, and mail the notice of a combined hearing for the approval of the Disclosure Statement and Confirmation of the Plan. 

The Solicitation Materials (except the Ballots) may also be obtained from the Solicitation Agent by: (i) calling the Solicitation Agent
at (888) 788-0109 (domestic toll-free) or (781) 575-2045 (international toll) or (ii) emailing CuteraInfo@veritaglobal.com and referencing Cutera in the
subject line. After the Debtors file the Chapter 11 Cases, you may also obtain copies of any pleadings filed with the Bankruptcy Court for free by visiting the Debtors restructuring website, https://www.veritaglobal.net/cutera, or for a
fee via PACER at https://www.pacer.gov/. 

3.12 

Voting Procedures

[March 3], 2025, at 5:00 p.m. prevailing Central Time (the Voting Record Date) is the date that was used for determining
which Holders of Claims and Interests are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan and receive the Solicitation Materials in accordance with the solicitation procedures. 

41 

In order for the Holder of a Claim in the Voting Class to have its Ballot counted as a
vote to accept or reject the Plan, such Holders Ballot must be properly completed, executed, and submitted to the Holders bank, broker or other intermediary (each a Nominee) through which they hold their publicly
traded securities in street name, or submit its voting instructions according to its Nominees instructions, in sufficient time for the Nominee to transcribe the beneficial holders voting instructions onto a Master Ballot and
submit it to the Solicitation Agent via first class mail, overnight courier, or hand delivery at Cutera Ballot Processing, c/o KCC dba Verita, 222 N. Pacific Coast Highway, Suite 300, El Segundo, CA 90245, or via email at
CuteraBallots@veritaglobal.com, so that such Holders ballot is actually received by the Solicitation Agent on or before the voting deadline (the Voting Deadline), which is[April 9], 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Central Time). 

You may receive more
than one Ballot if you hold Claims or Interests through one or more affiliated funds or Nominees, in which case the vote cast by each such affiliated fund will be counted separately. Separate Claims or Interests held by affiliated funds in a
particular Class shall not be aggregated, and the vote of each such affiliated fund related to its Claims or Interests shall be treated as a separate vote to accept or reject the Plan, as applicable. If you hold any portion of a single Claim or
Interest, you and all other Holders of any portion of such Claim or Interest will be (i) treated as a single creditor or equity holder for voting purposes and (ii) required to vote every portion of such Claim or Interest collectively to
either accept or reject the Plan. 

IF A BALLOT IS RECEIVED AFTER THE VOTING DEADLINE, IT WILL NOT BE COUNTED UNLESS THE DEBTORS DETERMINE
OTHERWISE OR AS ORDERED BY THE BANKRUPTCY COURT. 

ANY BALLOT THAT IS PROPERLY EXECUTED BY THE HOLDER OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST BUT THAT DOES
NOT CLEARLY INDICATE AN ACCEPTANCE OR REJECTION OF THE PLAN OR ANY BALLOT THAT INDICATES BOTH AN ACCEPTANCE AND A REJECTION OF THE PLAN WILL NOT BE COUNTED FOR PURPOSES OF ACCEPTING OR REJECTING THE PLAN. 

EACH HOLDER OF A CLAIM IN CLASS 3 MUST VOTE ALL OF ITS CLASS 3 CLAIMS EITHER TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN AND MAY NOT SPLIT SUCH VOTES. BY
SIGNING AND RETURNING A BALLOT, EACH HOLDER OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST WILL CERTIFY TO THE BANKRUPTCY COURT AND THE DEBTORS THAT NO OTHER BALLOTS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH CLAIM OR INTEREST HAVE BEEN CAST OR, IF ANY OTHER BALLOTS HAVE BEEN CAST WITH RESPECT
TO SUCH CLASS OF CLAIMS OR INTERESTS, SUCH OTHER BALLOTS INDICATED THE SAME VOTE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN. IF A HOLDER CASTS MULTIPLE BALLOTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME CLAIM OR INTEREST AND THOSE BALLOTS ARE IN CONFLICT WITH EACH OTHER, SUCH
BALLOTS WILL NOT BE COUNTED FOR PURPOSES OF ACCEPTING OR REJECTING THE PLAN. 

IT IS IMPORTANT THAT THE HOLDER OF A CLAIM IN A VOTING CLASS
FOLLOW THE SPECIFIC INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED ON SUCH HOLDERS BALLOT AND THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS. NO BALLOT MAY BE WITHDRAWN OR MODIFIED AFTER THE VOTING DEADLINE WITHOUT THE DEBTORS PRIOR CONSENT OR PERMISSION OF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT.

42 

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED HEREIN OR AS MAY BE COMMUNICATED BY THE DEBTORS, PRIOR TO
ENTRY OF THE SOLICITATION PROCEDURES ORDER, THE SOLICITATION OF VOTES ON THE PLAN WITH RESPECT TO THE CLASS 3 CLAIMS IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(A)(2)
THEREOF, AND APPLICABLE UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND ONLY FROM HOLDERS OF SUCH CLAIMS WHO ARE ACCREDITED INVESTORS OR QIBs. 

ARTICLE IV 

CORPORATE AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 

4.1 

Prepetition Corporate and Capital Structure

(a) 

Corporate Structure

An organizational chart illustrating the corporate structure of the Debtors and their non-Debtor
affiliates is annexed hereto as Exhibit F. 

(b) 

The Debtors Capital Structure

(1) 

Senior Notes

As of the Petition Date, the Debtors capital structure includes approximately $429.13 million, exclusive of unamortized debt
issuance costs, of total principal debt obligations, consisting of: (i) 2.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 in the amount of approximately $69.13 million, (ii) 2.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 in the amount of approximately
$240 million and (iii) 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 in the amount of approximately $120 million (collectively, the Senior Notes). Each series of the Senior Notes is a general senior unsecured obligation that
ranks senior to any of the Companys indebtedness that is explicitly subordinated to such series of the Senior Notes. Each series of the Senior Notes have equal rank in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness
(including each other series of Senior Notes). Cutera also has approximately $550,000 of unsecured debt outstanding in connection with a Paycheck Protection Program loan made pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security
(CARES) Act. While the Debtors were previously told the full balance was forgiven, the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) in its review of prior loans revised its position and noted that approximately $550,000 remained
outstanding and due. The Debtors are awaiting further instruction on payment timing and terms but have not heard any updates since December 8, 2023. 

43 

A. 

2026 Senior Notes

On March 9, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Indenture (the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture) with U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association as trustee (the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture Trustee), pursuant to which the Company issued those certain unsecured convertible senior notes in an original principal amount of
$138.3 million (all such notes issued pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, the 2026 Senior Notes) in a private placement offering. On February 24, 2025, Crystal Sub, LLC was added as an obligor under the 2026
Senior Notes via a supplemental indenture. 

The 2026 Senior Notes have a maturity date of March 15, 2026, and bear interest at a
fixed rate of 2.25% per year payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The 2026 Senior Notes are convertible at the noteholders discretion. Upon conversion, the Company may elect whether the 2026
Senior Notes are exchanged for cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof. As of the Petition Date, approximately $69.13 million of principal remains outstanding under the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture. 

B. 

2028 Senior Notes

On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into that certain Indenture (the 2028 Senior Notes Indenture) with U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association as trustee (the 2028 Senior Notes Indenture Trustee), pursuant to which the Company issued those certain unsecured convertible senior notes in an original principal amount of $240.0 million
(all such notes issued pursuant to the 2028 Senior Notes Indenture, the 2028 Senior Notes). On February 24, 2025, Crystal Sub LLC was added as an obligor under the 2028 Senior Notes via a supplemental indenture. A total of
$230.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Senior Notes was issued in a private placement offering. Concurrently with this private placement offering, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Voce Capital Management LLC
(Voce), an entity affiliated with J. Daniel Plants, the Companys former Executive Chairperson. Under such purchase agreement, the Company issued to Voce $10.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2028 Senior Notes on
identical terms and conditions. 

The 2028 Senior Notes have a maturity date of June 1, 2028, and bear interest at a fixed rate of
2.25% per year payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2028 Senior Notes are convertible at the noteholders discretion. Upon conversion, the Company may elect whether the 2028 Senior Notes are
exchanged for cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof. As of the Petition Date, approximately $240 million of principal remains outstanding under the 2028 Senior Notes Indenture. 

C. 

2029 Senior Notes

The Company entered into that certain Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2022 (the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture) with
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture Trustee), pursuant to which the Company issued those certain unsecured convertible senior notes in an original principal amount of
$120.0 million (all such notes issued pursuant to the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture, the 2029 Senior Notes and the holders of the 2029 Senior Notes together with holders of the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2028 Senior Notes, the
Senior Noteholders) in a private placement offering. On February 24, 2025, Crystal Sub, LLC was added as an obligor under the 2029 Senior Notes via a supplemental indenture. 

44 

The 2029 Senior Notes have a maturity date of June 1, 2029, and bear interest at a
fixed rate of 4.00% per year payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2029 Senior Notes are convertible at the noteholders discretion. Upon conversion, the Company may elect whether the 2029 Senior
Notes are exchanged for cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof. As of the Petition Date, approximately $120 million of principal remains outstanding under the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture. 

(2) 

Existing Equity

The Companys common stock is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the trading symbol CUTR. As of March 3,
2025, the Company has 20,185,926 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of March 3, 2025, the trading price of the common stock at market close was $0.32 with a 52-week high of $3.00 and a 52-week low of $0.28. The issued and outstanding common stock is held by six holders of record as of March 3, 2025. The Company believes the actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record
holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokerage firms and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include holders whose shares may be held in trust
by other entities. 

ARTICLE V 

CIRCUMSTANCES LEADING TO THESE CHAPTER 11 CASES 

The need to commence these chapter 11 cases arose from a number of factors, including product roll-out
difficulties, leadership turnover, loss of a key skincare distribution partnership, increased market competition and macroeconomic pressures affecting customers willingness and ability to invest in capital equipment. The negative impacts from
these factors on the business was further exacerbated by an unsustainable capital structure. To preserve and maximize value, the Debtors have already begun implementing certain business plan initiatives to strengthen operations and performance. Due
to the Debtors burdensome capital structure and declining revenues however, the Debtors have been unable to successfully execute all phases of their business transformation plan. Delayed execution of the strategic transformation plan has
limited the Debtors ability to navigate industry challenges and has negatively impacted revenues. 

5.1 

Product Roll-Out Difficulties, Leadership Turnover, Impaired
Business Relationships with Distributors, and Market Competition and Macroeconomic Pressures

(a) 

Product Roll-Out Difficulties

While AviClear is a marquee product offering for the Company, its initial North American launch in 2022 under prior management was
hampered, primarily due to an ineffective go-to-market strategy. The Company initially placed AviClear devices under a leasing model in over 1,300 customer
locations during 2022 and 2023. This volume level required a significant increase in production capacity, which the Company addressed by utilizing a third-party contract manufacturer for both AviClear and another flagship product, excel
V+. This outsourcing relationship proved to be problematic for multiple reasons. The quality and reliability of the outsourced products was much worse than the Companys products historically, and the cost for the Company was higher than
the cost for internal manufacturing. The Company committed to purchase 2,000 machines annually from the outsourced manufacturing partner, an unsustainably high level not matched by underlying demand. Compounding with this issue, unsuccessful
execution of the leasing model (described below) failed to produce high system utilization. Over 

45 

half of installed systems were located at medical spas which typically do not treat acne, the primary use of AviClear. Sales representatives and field service teams were not adequately
equipped to provide the necessary responses and service to the customer base using AviClear systems, largely due to an increased volume of requests and limited parts availability. The Companys back-office employees and customer service
departments became overwhelmed by issues resulting from this strategy, leading to systems being underutilized by practitioners. 

The
initial roll-out offered AviClear systems under a leasing model, where the upfront costs for obtaining an AviClear system were minimal and offset by annual lease payments. Due to the placement of
systems at practices with limited acne patient flows, this leasing model greatly impaired cash flow. Given the critical importance of AviClear to the Companys product portfolio and business growth strategy, this flawed launch
significantly impacted revenue and profitability. After Mr. Taylor Harris assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of the Company in August 2023, the Company halted new placements of AviClear under the leasing model, and the Company
decided to forego renewing the outsourced manufacturing agreement. The Company settled its purchase obligations and expenses with the manufacturing partner for a payment of $19.5 million. 

(b) 

Leadership Turnover

The Company experienced significant changes in its executive leadership and Board of Directors during 2023. In May 2023, the current interim
Chief Financial Officer was appointed, in July 2023, a new slate of directors was elected by the Companys stockholders and in August 2023, Mr. Taylor Harris was announced as the President and Chief Executive Officer. 

While the Company expects these leadership changes will be beneficial in the long term, changes to strategic or operating goals can create
short term uncertainty. The beginnings of leadership transition periods are often difficult until new executives gain detailed knowledge of business operations. Management turnover inherently causes some degree of loss to institutional knowledge,
which can negatively affect strategy and the ability to execute quickly and efficiently. Since experiencing this turnover, the Company has integrated new executives and board members effectively. The Company expects these changes to increasingly
help manage the business to improve its financial condition and profitability. 

(c) 

Impaired Business Relationships with Distributors

The Company has historically relied on the Japanese market for approximately 25% of its global sales, primarily through the distribution of
skincare products manufactured by ZO Skin Health, Inc. (ZO). In 2023 and 2022, revenue from these skincare products was $34.0 million and $42.5 million, respectively, representing 16% and 17% of the Companys
consolidated revenue. Following unsuccessful negotiations to extend the existing distribution agreement, on February 28, 2024, all agreements between the Company, Cutera KK (the Companys Japanese subsidiary), and ZO were terminated,
ending the Companys distribution of ZOs products in Japan. 

The termination of the ZO distribution agreement significantly
impacted the Companys revenue and profitability in Japan, and the Companys ability to maintain and grow its business was impacted. While the Company has entered into a new skincare distribution partnership in Japan, it is generating
significantly less revenue compared to the ZO distribution agreement, which the Company had invested in and grown over an almost ten-year period. 

46 

(d) 

Market Competition and Macroeconomic Pressures

The aesthetic market is highly competitive and characterized by rapid innovation. The Company faces competition from competitors offering
alternative solutions, competitors with greater resources and competitors with broader product offerings. Increased industry consolidation, coupled with the international expansion of aesthetic companies in
lower-cost markets has intensified competition. This has led to downward pressure on product prices and reduced profit margins across the industry. Starting in 2023, the Company began to experience reduced
demand due to the broader macroeconomic environment. The impact of higher interest rates and the reduced availability of capital impaired the ability of its customers to finance the purchase of equipment. At the same time the market for body
contouring machines, such as TruSculpt and TruFlex, declined substantially due to the introduction of new treatments for obesity. 

(e) 

Capital Structure Overhang

These operational challenges have, in turn, created additional challenges with respect to the Companys funded debt load. As noted above,
the Companys debt balance totals approximately $429.13 million. In 2025, debt service payments will total approximately $12 million plus maturity payments on account of the 2026 Senior Notes of approximately $69 million in March 2026 if
the Companys capital structure remains unchanged. The substantial size of these debt service payments and its maturity profile put significant pressure on the business. 

(f) 

Ongoing Litigation

The Company is facing ongoing shareholder litigation that alleges potential violations of state and federal securities laws and regulations.
On May 24, 2023, purported shareholder Erie County Employees Retirement System filed a putative class action securities fraud complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain
individuals asserting claims for violations of Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Act of 1934. The case is styled Erie County Employees Retirement System v. Cutera, Inc., et al., Case No. 3:23-cv-02560 (N.D. Cal.) (Tigar, J.). The complaint alleges, among other things, that the Company made materially false or misleading statements and failed to disclose certain material adverse facts about
the Companys business operations. The Company is also facing a derivative action filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware related to the Erie County lawsuit styled Niquette v. Cutera, Case No. 1:23-cv-01371-GBW (D. Del.), which has been stayed by the court pending resolution of the Erie County case. 

47 

5.2 

Debtors Efforts to Address Business Challenges

(a) 

Cost Restructuring

During the second quarter of 2024, the Company completed the global restructuring program, which resulted in expense savings of approximately
$20 million on an annualized basis. In addition, the Company identified an additional $10 million cost reduction opportunity, which the Company expects to be fully realized in 2025. In total, the Company has reduced its total headcount
from approximately 525 employees in the middle of 2023 to approximately 350 currently. The Company also undertook FY2025 cost reduction initiatives that included (i) implementing a return merchandise authorization handpiece return policy for
warranty customers to drive 100% return rate for warranty repair; (ii) implementing a refurbishment program for high-dollar field service components instead of scrapping; (iii) implementing production lines and work cells for high volume
handpiece repair and production lines to improve cycle times and reduce labor costs; (iv) renegotiating shipping discounts for new AviClear markets; and (v) consolidation of field service repair parts shipments into three new
centralized warehouses. 

(b) 

Revamped Sales Model

The Company also revamped its North American launch strategy for its AviClear platform, leveraging best practices from a successful
international launch which boosted receptivity and utilization. This strategy entails four key changes: (i) a focus on providing systems to aesthetic dermatologists; (ii) shifting to a capital sales model;
(iii) re-training and restructuring the sales force; and (iv) implementing a comprehensive service offering. 

(1) 

Focus on Aesthetic Dermatologists. The Company identified priority targets in the United States, by
focusing on dermatology practices experienced in aesthetics that likely utilize other devices or lasers. This shifts the primary focus away from the previously targeted medical spa ecosystem, though the Company still views any practice which has a
natural flow of acne patients as a good candidate for AviClear. 

(2) 

Capital Sales Model. To incentivize the adoption of AviClear, the Company revised its business
model to sell the system to providers upfront with a reduced per-treatment cost (in contrast to the prior, ineffective leasing model), thereby aligning economic interests to promote usage.

(3) 

Re-Training Sales Force. The Company also aimed to improve the
effectiveness and productivity of its sales force through additional sales training and restructuring of its sales organization. The new sales force is better aligned with the practice development team that is responsible for assisting customers in
growing their business. 

(4) 

Comprehensive Product and Service Offering. The Company also expanded the AviClear platform to
offer improved customer support through training via Cutera Academy, timely equipment servicing, and cooperative marketing. 

(c) 

Engagement with Stakeholders to Address Capital Structure

In the middle of 2024, the Company began engaging with its key stakeholders, the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders, to explore
strategic options to address the upcoming maturity of the 2026 Senior Notes and more broadly, to right size the Companys balance sheet. The Company and the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders, together with their advisors,
explored a variety of alternatives including, among other things, the possibility of an out-of-court public exchange. 

48 

To lead these stakeholder negotiations, the Company engaged Ropes & Gray, LLP
(Ropes & Gray) as restructuring counsel, Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. (Houlihan), as investment banker, and FTI Consulting, Inc., as financial advisor. Houlihan explored various strategic
alternatives, including an attempted a third-party capital raise. Houlihan contacted 50 potential lenders and entered into confidentiality agreements with 18 to provide copies of a confidential investment memorandum. Houlihan held multiple calls to
discuss possible funding arrangements, but ultimately no potential lenders elected to proceed. 

Beginning in the fall of 2024, the Company
and its advisors explored and negotiated a potential strategic transaction. Over several months, the transaction evolved into the transaction contemplated here today, to be implemented via chapter 11. 

In connection with the restructuring efforts described above, the Ad Hoc Committee of Consenting Senior Noteholders engaged Paul, Weiss,
Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP as legal counsel, Porter Hedges LLP as local counsel, and Centerview Partners LLC as financial advisor and investment banker. In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors also hired FTI Consulting,
Inc. as financial advisor, Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP as local counsel, and Verita Global as solicitation and claims agent. 

(d) 

Appointment of an Independent Director

The Restructuring Support Agreement and the Plan also contemplated the provision of typical releases to the Debtors directors and
officers, among others. In light of the proposed releases, in February 2025, contemporaneously with a directors resignation from the Board of Directors, Paul Wierbicki was appointed as an independent director (the Independent
Director) to the Board of Directors. The Independent Director was delegated the investigative authority with respect to affiliate transactions and potential claims and causes of action against directors and officers. 

(e) 

Strategic Engagement

On March 4, 2025, after months of good faith, arms-length negotiations, the Debtors reached
consensus and executed the Restructuring Support Agreement with holders of approximately 74% of the Senior Notes (the Consenting Senior Noteholders). The signing of the Restructuring Support Agreement was undertaken only after
careful consideration by the Board of Directors, in consultation with the management team and their experienced financial and legal advisors. 

49 

The Restructuring Support Agreement provides for a much-needed deleveraging: equitizing all
of the prepetition Senior Notes and infusing new-money capital to the post-emergence company. More specifically, the Restructuring Support Agreement contemplates, among other things:6 (i) a DIP Facility that provides for a $25 million new-money, super-priority secured term loan debtor in possession financing facility, (ii) an
Exit Facility consisting of (a) conversion term loans issued under the Exit Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to the principal amount the term loans outstanding under the DIP Facility Documents on the Effective Date
plus (b) a $10 million new money term loan with delayed draw capacity available upon emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, each as provided by the Consenting Senior Noteholders in their capacity as Exit Lenders; (iii) a
$30 million Equity Rights Offering, backstopped by the Consenting Senior Noteholders; (iv) a Common Equity Convenience Buyout, and (v) most critically, support by the Consenting Senior Noteholders who represent a substantial majority
of the Companys prepetition capital structure and hold approximately 74% of the Claims in the sole Voting Class, all subject to a robust fiduciary out provision. 

The Restructuring Support Agreement provides the Debtors with a viable path forward and a framework to exit chapter 11 successfully and
efficiently; the restructuring made possible by the Restructuring Support Agreement presents the most cost-effective path through settlement and compromise rather than litigation. Therefore, the Debtors believe execution of the Restructuring Support
Agreement was an exercise of their reasonable business judgment. 

ARTICLE VI 

CERTAIN FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED 

6.1 

General

THE FOLLOWING PROVIDES A SUMMARY OF VARIOUS IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS AND RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE PLAN; HOWEVER, IT IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE.
PRIOR TO VOTING TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN, ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS THAT ARE ENTITLED TO VOTE SHOULD READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FACTORS SET FORTH HEREIN, AS WELL AS ALL OTHER INFORMATION SET FORTH OR OTHERWISE REFERENCED IN THIS DISCLOSURE
STATEMENT. ALTHOUGH THESE RISK FACTORS ARE MANY, THESE FACTORS SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS CONSTITUTING THE ONLY RISKS PRESENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE DEBTORS BUSINESS, THE PLAN AND ITS IMPLEMENTATION, OR THE SECURITIES OF THE REORGANIZED
DEBTORS. 

6.2 

Risks Relating to the Plan and Other Bankruptcy Law Considerations

(a) 

A Holder of a Claim or Interest May Object to, and the Bankruptcy Court May Disagree with, the Debtors
Classification of Claims and Interests

Section 1122 of the Bankruptcy Code provides that a plan may place a
claim or an equity interest in a particular class only if such claim or equity interest is substantially similar to the other claims or equity interests in such class. The Debtors believe that the classification of Claims and Interests under the
Plan complies with the requirements set forth in the Bankruptcy Code because the Debtors created eight Classes of Claims or Interests, each encompassing Claims or Interests, as applicable, that are substantially similar to the other Claims or
Interests in each such Class. However, a Holder of a Claim or Interest could challenge the Debtors classification. In such an event, the cost of the Chapter 11 Cases and the time needed to confirm the Plan may increase, and there can be no
assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will agree with the Debtors classification. If the Bankruptcy Court concludes that the classifications of Claims and Interests under the Plan do not comply with the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Debtors may need to modify the Plan. Such modification could require re-solicitation of votes on the Plan. The Plan may not be confirmed if the Bankruptcy Court determines that the Debtors classification
of Claims and Interests is not appropriate. 

6 

Capitalized terms not defined in this section shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Restructuring
Support Agreement. 

50 

(b) 

The Debtors May Not Be Able to Satisfy the Voting Requirements for Confirmation of the Plan

If votes are received in number and amount sufficient to enable the Bankruptcy Court to confirm the Plan, the Debtors
may seek, as promptly as practicable thereafter, Confirmation. If the Plan does not receive the required support from Class 3, the Debtors may elect to amend the Plan, seek to sell their assets pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, or
proceed with liquidation. There can be no assurance that the terms of any such alternative chapter 11 plan or sale pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code would be similar or as favorable to the Holders of Allowed Claims or Interests as the
Restructuring Transactions contemplated by the Plan. 

(c) 

The Bankruptcy Court May Not Confirm the Plan or May Require the Debtors to
Re-Solicit Votes with Respect to the Plan

The Debtors cannot assure you
that the Plan will be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court. Section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, which sets forth the requirements for confirmation of a plan of reorganization, requires, among other things, a finding by the Bankruptcy Court that
the plan of reorganization is feasible, that all claims and interests have been classified in compliance with the provisions of section 1122 of the Bankruptcy Code, and that, under the plan of reorganization, each holder of a claim or
interest within each impaired class either accepts the plan of reorganization or receives or retains cash or property of a value, as of the date the plan of reorganization becomes effective, that is not less than the value such holder would receive
or retain if the Debtors were liquidated under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. With respect to any impaired Classes of Claims or Interests that do not accept the Plan or are deemed not to accept the Plan, section 1129(b) requires that the Plan be
fair and equitable and not discriminate unfairly with respect to such classes. There can be no assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will conclude that the feasibility test and other requirements of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code have been met
with respect to the Plan. There can be no assurance that modifications to the Plan will not be required for Confirmation, or that such modifications would not require a re-solicitation of votes on the Plan.

The Bankruptcy Court could fail to approve this Disclosure Statement and determine that the votes in favor of the Plan should be
disregarded. The Debtors then would be required to recommence the solicitation process, which could include re-filing a plan of reorganization and disclosure statement. This process includes a Bankruptcy Court
hearing with respect to the required approval of a disclosure statement, followed (after Bankruptcy Court approval) by solicitation of claim or equity interest holder votes for the plan of reorganization, followed by a confirmation hearing at which
the Bankruptcy Court will determine whether the requirements for confirmation have been satisfied, including the requisite claim or interest holder acceptances. 

51 

If the Plan is not confirmed, the Chapter 11 Cases may be converted into a case under
chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, pursuant to which a trustee would be appointed or elected to liquidate the Debtors assets for distribution in accordance with the priorities established by the Bankruptcy Code. A discussion of the effects
that a chapter 7 liquidation would have on the recoveries of Holders of Claims or Interests and the Debtors analysis thereof are set forth in the unaudited Liquidation Analysis, attached hereto as Exhibit C. The Debtors believe
that liquidation under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code would result in, among other things, smaller distributions being made to creditors and interest holders than those provided for in the Plan because of: 

the likelihood that the Debtors assets would have to be sold or otherwise disposed of in a disorderly
fashion over a short period of time rather than reorganizing or selling in a controlled manner, affecting the business as a going concern; 

additional administrative expenses involved in the appointment of a chapter 7 trustee; and 

additional expenses and Claims, some of which would be entitled to priority, that would be generated during the
liquidation. 

(d) 

Risk of Non-Approval of the Disclosure Statement as Containing
Adequate Information 

Because the Chapter 11 Cases have not yet been commenced, this Disclosure Statement has not,
as of the date hereof, been approved by the Bankruptcy Court as containing adequate information within the meaning of section 1125(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. Upon filing, the Debtors will promptly seek entry of an order by the Bankruptcy
Court conditionally approving this Disclosure Statement, and the Debtors will seek a Final Order approving the Disclosure Statement at the Combined Hearing. While the Debtors believe that this Disclosure Statement provides adequate
information within the meaning of section 1125(a), there can be no assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will reach the same conclusion.

(e) 

Even if the Debtors Receive All Necessary Acceptances for the Plan to Become Effective, the Debtors May Fail
to Meet All Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of the Plan

Although the Debtors believe that the Effective Date
would occur shortly after the Confirmation Date, there can be no assurance as to such timing. 

The Confirmation and Consummation of the
Plan are subject to certain conditions that may or may not be satisfied. The Debtors cannot assure you that all requirements for Confirmation and effectiveness required under the Plan will be satisfied. If each condition precedent to Confirmation is
not met or waived, the Plan will not be confirmed, and if each condition precedent to Consummation is not met or waived, the Effective Date will not occur. In the event that the Plan is not confirmed or is not consummated, the Debtors may seek to
confirm of an alternative plan of reorganization. 

52 

(f) 

The Bankruptcy Court May Find the Solicitation of Acceptances Inadequate

The Debtors may solicit votes prior to the commencement of a chapter 11 case in accordance with sections 1125(g) and 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code and Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b). Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b) provides that a holder of a claim or interest who has accepted or rejected a plan before the commencement of the case under the Bankruptcy Code will not be deemed to have accepted or rejected
the plan if the court finds after notice and a hearing that: (a) the plan was not sent to substantially all creditors and equity security holders of the same class; (b) an unreasonably short time was prescribed for those creditors and
equity security holders to accept or reject the plan; or (c) the solicitation did not comply with section 1126(b). Section 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that a holder of a claim or interest that has accepted or rejected a plan
before the commencement of a case under the Bankruptcy Code is deemed to have accepted or rejected the plan if (i) the solicitation of such acceptance or rejection was in compliance with applicable nonbankruptcy law, rule or regulation
governing the adequacy of disclosure in connection with such solicitation or (ii) there is no such law, rule, or regulation, and such acceptance or rejection was solicited after disclosure to such holder of adequate information (as defined by
section 1125(a) of the Bankruptcy Code). While the Debtors believe that the requirements of sections 1125(g) and 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 3018(b) will be met, there can be no assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will reach
the same conclusion. 

(g) 

There is a Risk of Loss of Support for the Plan

The Plan is currently supported by Holders of approximately 74% in amount of Senior Notes Claims, but there is a risk that unforeseen changes
in circumstances could result in the loss of support for the Plan by such stakeholders prior to Confirmation and could result in the loss of use of cash collateral by the Debtors under certain circumstances. Any such loss of support could adversely
affect the Debtors ability to confirm and consummate the Plan. 

(h) 

The Bankruptcy Court May Dismiss Some or All of the Chapter 11 Cases

Certain parties in interest may contest the Debtors authority to commence or prosecute the Chapter 11 Cases. If, pursuant to any such
proceeding, the Bankruptcy Court finds that the Debtors could not commence the Chapter 11 Cases for any reason, the Debtors may be unable to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Plan. If the Chapter 11 Cases is dismissed, the Debtors may
be forced to cease operations due to insufficient funding or liquidate their business in another forum to the detriment of all parties in interest. 

(i) 

Parties May Object to the Plan on Account of the Debtors Releases, Third-Party Releases, Exculpations,
or Injunction Provisions

Any party in interest, including the United States Trustee for the Southern District of
Texas (the U.S. Trustee), could object to the (i) Debtors release contained in Article IX of the Plan, (ii) the consensual third-party release contained in Article IX of the Plan, (iii) the exculpation
contained in Article IX of the Plan, or (iv) the injunction contained in Article IX of the Plan. In response to such an objection, the Bankruptcy Court could determine that any of these provisions are not valid under the Bankruptcy Code. If the
Bankruptcy Court makes such a determination, the Plan could not be confirmed without modifying the Plan to alter or remove the applicable provision. This could result in substantial delay in Confirmation of the Plan, or the Plan not being confirmed
at all. 

53 

(j) 

The Debtors May Seek To Amend, Waive, Modify, or Withdraw the Plan at Any Time Prior to
Confirmation

The Debtors reserve the right, in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and the Bankruptcy Rules, and
consistent with the terms of the Plan, to amend the terms of the Plan or waive any conditions thereto if and to the extent such amendments or waivers are necessary or desirable to consummate the Plan. The potential impact of any such amendment or
waiver on the Holders of Claims or Interests cannot presently be foreseen but may include a change in the economic impact of the Plan on some or all of the proposed Classes or a change in the relative rights of such Classes. All Holders of Claims or
Interests will receive notice of such amendments or waivers required by applicable law and the Bankruptcy Court. If, after receiving sufficient acceptances, but prior to Confirmation of the Plan, the Debtors seek to modify the Plan, the previously
solicited acceptances will be valid only if (i) all classes of adversely affected creditors and interest holders accept the modification in writing, or (ii) the Bankruptcy Court determines, after notice to designated parties, that such
modification was de minimis or purely technical or otherwise did not adversely change the treatment of Holders of accepting Claims and Interests or is otherwise permitted by the Bankruptcy Code. 

(k) 

The Chapter 11 Cases May Have Material Adverse Effects on the Debtors Operations

The commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases could adversely affect the relationships between the Debtors and their
respective customers, employees, partners, vendors, and other parties. The process will also involve additional expense and may divert some of the attention of the Debtors management away from business operations. Although the Plan is designed
to minimize the duration of the Chapter 11 Cases, it is impossible to predict with certainty the amount of time that the Debtors may spend in bankruptcy or to assure parties in interest that the Plan will be confirmed. Even if confirmed on a timely
basis, bankruptcy proceedings to confirm the Plan could have an adverse effect on the Debtors business. While the Debtors expect to continue normal operations during the Chapter 11 Cases, such adverse effects could materially impair the
Debtors operations and adversely affect the Debtors ability to reorganize and emerge. 

(l) 

The Debtors Cannot Predict the Amount of Time Spent in Bankruptcy for the Purpose of Implementing the Plan,
andLengthy Bankruptcy Case Could Disrupt the Debtors Business, as Well asImpair the Prospect for Reorganization on the Terms Contained in the Plan

While the Debtors believe that the Chapter 11 Cases will be of short duration and will not be materially disruptive to the Debtors
business, there can be no assurance as to such timing or lack of disruptiveness. The Chapter 11 Cases could last considerably longer than anticipated if, for example, Confirmation is contested or the conditions to Confirmation or Consummation are
not satisfied or waived. 

54 

Although the Plan is designed to minimize the length of the bankruptcy proceedings, it is
impossible to predict with certainty the amount of time that the Debtors may spend in bankruptcy, and the Debtors cannot be certain that the Plan will be confirmed. Even if confirmed on a timely basis, a bankruptcy proceeding to confirm the Plan
could itself have an adverse effect on the Debtors business. There is a risk, due to uncertainty about the Debtors futures that, among other things: 

customers could move to the Debtors competitors; 

employees could be distracted from performance of their duties or more easily attracted to other career
opportunities; and 

suppliers, vendors, or other business partners could terminate their relationships with the Debtors or demand
financial assurances or enhanced performance, any of which could impair the Debtors future prospects. 

A lengthy
bankruptcy case also would involve additional expenses and divert the attention of Management from the operation of the Debtors business. The disruption that the bankruptcy process would have on the Debtors business could increase with
the length of time it takes to complete the Chapter 11 Cases. If the Debtors are unable to obtain Confirmation of the Plan on a timely basis, because of a challenge to the Plan or otherwise, the Debtors may be forced to operate in bankruptcy for an
extended period of time while they try to develop a different plan of reorganization that can be confirmed. A protracted bankruptcy case could increase both the probability and the magnitude of the adverse effects described above. 

(m) 

Other Parties in Interest Might Be Permitted to Propose Alternative Plans of Reorganization That May Be Less
Favorable to Certain of the Debtors Constituencies Than the Plan

Other parties in interest could seek
authority from the Bankruptcy Court to propose an alternative plan of reorganization to the Plan. Under the Bankruptcy Code, a debtor-in-possession initially has the exclusive right to propose and solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization for
a period of 120 days from the Petition Date. However, such exclusivity period can be reduced or terminated upon order of the Bankruptcy Court. If such an order were to be entered, parties in interest other than the Debtors would then have the
opportunity to propose alternative plans of reorganization. If another party in interest were to propose an alternative plan of reorganization following expiration or termination of the Debtors exclusivity period, such a plan may be less
favorable to existing Holders of Claims or Interests. 

(n) 

The Debtors May Be Unsuccessful in Obtaining First Day Orders To Permit Them to Continue Operating in the
Ordinary Course of Business

The Debtors have attempted to address potential concerns of their customers, vendors,
employees and other key parties in interest that might arise from the filing of Chapter 11 Cases through a variety of provisions incorporated into or contemplated by the Plan and relief to be sought at the outset of the Chapter 11 Cases, including
the Debtors intention to seek appropriate Bankruptcy Court orders to permit the Debtors to pay amounts owed to all general unsecured creditors and employee obligations consistent with their ordinary course practices. However, there can be no
guarantee that the Debtors will be successful in obtaining the necessary approvals of the Bankruptcy Court for such arrangements or for every party in interest the Debtors may seek to treat in this manner, and, as a result, the Debtors
business might suffer. 

55 

(o) 

The Bankruptcy Court May Not Approve the DIP Facility

Upon commencing the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will ask the Bankruptcy Court to authorize the Debtors to enter into postpetition financing
arrangements to fund the Chapter 11 Cases. Such access to postpetition financing will provide liquidity during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases. There can be no assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will approve the DIP Facility on the terms
requested. Moreover, if the Chapter 11 Cases take longer than expected to conclude, the Debtors may exhaust their available cash. There is no assurance that the Debtors will be able to obtain an extension of the right to obtain further postpetition
financing, in which case, the liquidity necessary for the orderly functioning of the Debtors business may be impaired materially. 

(p) 

The Bankruptcy Court May Not Approve the Backstop Commitment Agreement

Upon commencing the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will ask the Bankruptcy Court to authorize the Debtors to enter into the Equity Rights
Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement. The commitments to be provided by the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties are necessary to ensure the Debtors have, at emergence, the funding necessary to consummate the Equity Rights Offering and the
Common Equity Convenience Buyout. There can be no assurance that the Bankruptcy Court will approve the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement on the terms requested, in which case, there is no assurance that the Debtors will be able to
obtain alternative financing for the Equity Rights Offering and Common Equity Convenience Buyout, or on similar or better terms. 

(q) 

Certain Claims May Not Be Discharged and Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Debtors Financial
Condition and Results of Operations

The Bankruptcy Code provides that the confirmation of a plan of reorganization
discharges the Debtors from substantially all debts arising prior to confirmation. With few exceptions, all Claims that arise prior to the Debtors filing of their petitions or before confirmation of the plan of reorganization (a) would be
subject to compromise or treatment under the plan of reorganization or (b) would be discharged in accordance with the terms of the plan of reorganization. Any Claims not ultimately discharged through a plan of reorganization could be asserted
against the reorganized entity and may have an adverse effect on the Reorganized Debtors financial condition and results of operations on a post-reorganization basis. 

(r) 

Risk of Termination of the Restructuring Support Agreement or Other Plan Documents

The Restructuring Support Agreement contains certain provisions that give the parties thereto the ability to terminate
the applicable agreement upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of certain events, including failure to achieve certain milestones in these Chapter 11 Cases or breach of any variance or reporting covenants
contemplated thereunder. Termination of the Restructuring Support Agreement could result in protracted Chapter 11 Cases, which could significantly and detrimentally impact the Debtors relationships with vendors, suppliers, employees, and major
customers. 

56 

In addition, the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement provides that the
Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties and the Debtors obligations with respect to the Equity Rights Offering and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout will, in each case, be terminable upon the occurrence of certain events or the
continuation of certain conditions, as set forth therein. Termination of the Equity Rights Offering and/or the Common Equity Convenience Buyout could prevent the Debtors from consummating the Plan. 

6.3 

Risks Relating to the Restructuring Transactions

(a) 

The Debtors will Be Subject to Business Uncertainties and Contractual Restrictions Prior to the Effective
Date

Uncertainty about the effects of the Plan on employees may have an adverse effect on the Debtors. These
uncertainties may impair the Debtors ability to retain and motivate key personnel and could cause customers and others that deal with the Debtors to defer entering into contracts with the Debtors or making other decisions concerning the
Debtors or seek to change existing business relationships with the Debtors. In addition, the Debtors are highly dependent on the efforts and performance of Management. If key employees depart because of uncertainty about their future roles and
potential complexities of the Restructuring Transactions, the Debtors business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

(b) 

There Is Inherent Uncertainty in the Debtors Financial Projections Such that the Reorganized Debtors
May Not Be Able to Meet the Projections

The Financial Projections attached hereto as Exhibit D
includes projections covering the Debtors operations through December 2029. These projections are based on assumptions that are an integral part of the projections, including Confirmation and Consummation of the Plan in accordance with its
terms, the anticipated future performance of the Debtors, industry performance, general business and economic conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of the Debtors and some or all of which may not materialize. 

In addition, unanticipated events and circumstances occurring after the date hereof may affect the actual financial results of the
Debtors operations. These variations may be material and may adversely affect the value of the Reorganized Common Equity and the ability of the Debtors to make payments with respect to their indebtedness. Because the actual results achieved
may vary from projected results, perhaps significantly, the Financial Projections should not be relied upon as a guarantee or other assurance of the actual results that will occur. 

Further, during the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors expect that their financial results will continue to be volatile as restructuring activities
and expenses significantly impact the Debtors consolidated financial statements. As a result, the Debtors historical financial performance likely will not be indicative of their financial performance after the Petition Date. In addition,
if the Debtors emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases, the amounts reported in subsequent consolidated financial statements may materially change relative to historical consolidated financial statements, including as a result of revisions to the
Debtors operating plans pursuant to a plan of reorganization. The Debtors also may be required to adopt fresh start accounting, in which case their assets and liabilities will be recorded at fair value as of the fresh start reporting date,
which may differ materially from the recorded values of assets and liabilities on the Debtors consolidated balance sheets. The Debtors financial results after the application of fresh start accounting also may be different from
historical trends. 

57 

Lastly, the business plan was developed by the Debtors with the assistance of their
advisors. There can be no assurances that the Debtors business plan will not change, perhaps materially, as a result of decisions that the Debtors board of directors may make after reevaluating the strategic direction of the Debtors and
their business plan. Any deviations from the Debtors existing business plan would necessarily cause a deviation from the Financial Projections and could result in materially different outcomes from those projected. 

(c) 

Failure to Implement the Restructuring Transactions and Confirm and Consummate the Plan Could Negatively
Impact the Debtors

If the Restructuring Transactions are not implemented, the Debtors may consider other
restructuring alternatives available at that time, which may include the filing of an alternative chapter 11 plan, conversion to chapter 7, commencement of section 363 sales of the Debtors assets, or any other transaction that would maximize
value of the Debtors estate. Any alternative restructuring proposal may be on terms less favorable to Holders of Claims against and Interests in the Debtors than the terms of the Plan. Any delay in Confirmation of the Plan, or the Chapter 11
Cases, or the threat of rejection of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court, could add substantial expense and uncertainty to the process. 

If
the Plan is not confirmed and consummated, the ongoing business of the Debtors may be adversely affected and there may be various consequences, including: 

the adverse impact to the Debtors business caused by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities
due to the focus on the Restructuring Transactions, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of the Restructuring Transactions; 

the incurrence of substantial costs by the Debtors in connection with the Restructuring Transactions, without
realizing any of the anticipated benefits of the Restructuring Transactions; 

the possibility, for the Debtors, of being unable to repay indebtedness when due and payable; and

the Debtors pursuing non-prepackaged chapter 11 or chapter 7 proceedings,
resulting in recoveries for creditors and interest holders that are less than contemplated under the Plan, or resulting in no recovery for certain creditors and interest holders. 

58 

(d) 

The Reorganized Debtors May Not Be Able to Service Their Post-Petition Indebtedness

The Exit Facility is intended to provide the Debtors liquidity to operate their business and carry out their business
plan after the Effective Date. However, there is no assurance that the Reorganized Debtors will be able to meet all of the terms and conditions of the Exit Facility, which may hinder the Debtors ability to consummate the Plan. There is a risk
that the Reorganized Debtors default under the Exit Facility and the lenders thereunder take enforcement actions against the Reorganized Debtors, including execution or foreclosure against assets thereof. The Reorganized Debtors ability to
service their debt obligations will depend on, among other things, its compliance with affirmative and negative covenants, its future operating performance, which depends partly on economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond its
control. The Reorganized Debtors may not be able to generate sufficient cash from operations to meet their debt service obligations as well as fund necessary capital expenditures. In addition, if it they need to refinance their debt, obtain
additional financing, or sell assets or equity, the Reorganized Debtors may not be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

(e) 

Restrictive Covenants

The agreement governing the Reorganized Debtors Exit Facility is expected to be contain various covenants that will limit the discretion
of the Reorganized Debtors management by restricting the Reorganized Debtors ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends or make certain restricted payments, make investments, consummate
certain asset sales, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, merge, consolidate and/or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of their assets. As a result of these covenants, the Reorganized Debtors will be limited in the manner in
which they conduct their business and they may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. 

(f) 

Risks Related to Modification of the Equity Rights Offering Procedures and Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Procedures

The Debtors may modify the Equity Rights Offering Procedures or and Common Equity Convenience Buyout
Procedures with the approval of the requisite Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties, to, among other things, adopt additional detailed procedures if necessary to administer the distribution and exercise of Subscription Rights or to comply with
applicable law. Such modifications may adversely affect the rights of those participating in the Equity Rights Offering and the Common Equity Convenience Buyout. 

(g) 

Even if the Restructuring Transactions are Successful, the Debtors will Continue to Face Risks

The Restructuring Transactions are generally designed to reduce the amount of the Debtors cash interest expense
and improve the Debtors liquidity and financial and operational flexibility to generate long-term growth. Even if the Restructuring Transactions are implemented, the Debtors will continue to face a number of risks, including certain risks that
are beyond the Debtors control, such as changes in economic conditions or in the Debtors industry. As a result of these risks and others, there is no guarantee that the Restructuring Transactions will achieve the Debtors stated
goals. 

59 

6.4 

Risks Relating to the Reorganized Common Equity

(a) 

The Value of the Reorganized Common Equity is Not Intended to Represent Potential Market Value, and May
Become Depressed Following the Effective Date

Neither the valuation of the Reorganized Debtors, attached hereto as
Exhibit E, nor the offering price in theEquity Rights Offering is intended to represent the trading value of Reorganized Common Equity in public or private markets, and such trading value is subject to additional uncertainties
and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict. Actual market prices of such securities at issuance will depend upon, among other things: (i) prevailing interest rates; (ii) conditions in the financial markets; (iii) the
anticipated initial securities holdings of prepetition creditors, some of whom may prefer to liquidate their investment rather than hold it on a long-term basis; and (iv) other factors that generally influence the prices of securities. The
actual market price of the Reorganized Common Equity is likely to be volatile. Many factors, including factors unrelated to the Reorganized Debtors actual operating performance and other factors not possible to predict, could cause the market
price of the Reorganized Common Equity to rise and fall. Accordingly, the values stated herein and in the Plan of the Reorganized Common Equity to be issued or sold in the Equity Rights Offering does not necessarily reflect, and should not be
construed as reflecting, values that will be attained for the Reorganized Common Equity in the public or private markets. In addition, following the Effective Date, holders of such instruments may elect to engage in sales to satisfy withholding tax
requirements or to obtain liquidity. Such sales and the volume of such instruments available for trading could cause the related trading prices to be depressed, particularly in the absence of established trading markets therefor. 

(b) 

A Liquid Trading Market May Not Develop for the Reorganized Common Equity

The Reorganized Common Equity is being newly issued in connection with the Plan and, accordingly, there is currently no established public
trading market therefor. The Debtors do not currently contemplate applying to list any of the foregoing instruments on any national securities exchange or to arrange for quotation on any automated dealer quotation system and, as such, make no
assurance that liquid trading markets for the Reorganized Common Equity will develop. The liquidity of any market for the Reorganized Common Equity will depend, among other things, upon the number of Holders of Reorganized Common Equity, the
Reorganized Debtors financial performance, and the market for similar instruments, none of which can be determined or predicted. Therefore, the Debtors cannot assure that an active trading market will develop or, if a market develops, what the
liquidity or pricing characteristics of that market will be. In addition, the New Organizational Documents may also contain restrictions on the transferability of the foregoing instruments, which may adversely affect the liquidity in any trading
market. Accordingly, holders of the Reorganized Common Equity may bear certain risks associated with holding Reorganized Common Equity for an indefinite period of time. 

60 

(c) 

The Acquisition of Reorganized Common Equity, Including Through the Plan and the Equity Rights Offering, May
Be Subject to Regulatory Restrictions

The acquisition of Reorganized Common Equity, including through the Plan and
the Equity Rights Offering, and the ability to vote such Reorganized Common Equity, may be subject to compliance with regulatory requirements and/or prior regulatory approvals by the holder or acquirer of Reorganized Common Equity. Such regulatory
approvals may include, without limitation, approvals from any other regulatory body or bodies, or the satisfaction of any notification and waiting period requirements, such as those of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder (the HSR Act). The applicability of regulatory approvals may depend on the amount of Reorganized Common Equity to be acquired or to be voted, as applicable, or, in the case of the HSR
Act, if certain size of parties and size of transaction thresholds are satisfied and no exemption is applicable. The ability to obtain regulatory approvals may depend upon the business activities of the proposed acquirers of Reorganized Common
Equity, and the affiliates of such proposed acquirers. Regulatory approvals may be denied, conditioned, or delayed and may not be available. Denial, condition, or delay could prevent a proposed holder from acquiring Reorganized Common Equity and
could prevent a holder from voting its securities. A holder or acquirer of Reorganized Common Equity should consult with its own legal counsel with regard to compliance with and/or obtaining appropriate regulatory approvals. The acquisition of
Reorganized Common Equity, or voting of the same, prior to obtaining and/or complying with any necessary regulatory approvals, may result in liability including potentially substantial civil penalties. 

(d) 

Certain Holders of the Reorganized Common Equity May be Restricted in their Ability to Transfer or Sell such
Interests

The recipients of securities of the Reorganized Debtors under the Plan who are deemed
underwriters as defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Code will be restricted in their ability to transfer or sell their securities. In addition, Placement Securities, and securities issued under the Plan to affiliates of the
Reorganized Debtors, if any, will be subject to restrictions on resale. These persons will be permitted to transfer or sell such securities only pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or pursuant to the provisions
of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, or another available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. These restrictions may adversely impact the value of the Reorganized Debtors securities and make it
more difficult for such persons to dispose of their securities, or to realize value on such securities, at a time when they wish to do so. The Debtors make no representation regarding the right of any holder of securities of the Reorganized Debtors
to freely resell such securities. SeeArticle VIII of this Disclosure Statement entitled Important Securities Law Disclosure. In addition, the Reorganized Common Equity may be subject to restrictions on transferability
pursuant to the terms of the New Organizational Documents. 

The availability of the exemption under Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy
Code, Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, or any other applicable exemption from securities laws will not be a condition to the occurrence of the Effective Date. 

61 

(e) 

The Terms of the Reorganized Common Equity and New Organizational Documents are Subject to Change Based on
Negotiation and the Approval of the Bankruptcy Court

The final terms of the Reorganized Common Equity and the New
Organizational Documents are subject to change based on negotiations between the Debtors and the parties to the Restructuring Support Agreement, and other holders of Claims and Interests will not participate in these negotiations and the results of
such negotiations may alter the terms of the Reorganized Common Equity and New Organizational Documents in a material manner, and may affect the rights of holders of Reorganized Common Equity following the Effective Date. As a result, the final
terms of the Reorganized Common Equity and the New Organizational Documents may be different than as described herein and in the Plan and Restructuring Support Agreement, thereby giving rise to a potential right to termination under the
Restructuring Support Agreement. 

(f) 

A Small Number of Holders or Voting Blocks May Control the Reorganized Debtors

Consummation of the Plan may result in a small number of holders owning a significant percentage of the outstanding Reorganized Common Equity
in the Reorganized Debtors. These holders, may, among other things, exercise significant influence over the business and affairs of the Reorganized Debtors, including over the election of directors or managers and approval of significant mergers and
other material corporate transactions. The interests of such holders may conflict with the interests of other stockholders. Further, the possibility that one or more holders of significant numbers of the Reorganized Common Equity may determine to
sell all or a large portion of their Reorganized Common Equity in a short period of time may adversely affect the market price of the Reorganized Common Equity. 

(g) 

The Issuance of Reorganized Common Equity Under the Management Incentive Plan, As Well As Future Equity
Issuances, Will Dilute the Reorganized Common Equity

On the Effective Date, a percentage of the Reorganized Common
Equity will be reserved for issuance in connection with the Management Incentive Plan. If the Reorganized Debtors distribute such equity-based awards to eligible participants pursuant to the Management Incentive Plan, it is contemplated that such
distributions will dilute the Reorganized Common Equity issued under the Plan and the ownership percentage represented by the Reorganized Common Equity distributed under the Plan. 

In the future, similar to all companies, additional equity financings or other equity issuances by the Reorganized Debtors could adversely
affect the value of the Reorganized Common Equity. The amount and dilutive effect of any of the foregoing could be material. 

(h) 

The Interests in Reorganized Common Equity are Equity Interests and Therefore Subordinated to the
Indebtedness of the Reorganized Debtors

In any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Reorganized Debtors,
the Reorganized Common Equity would rank junior to all debt claims and other liabilities against the Reorganized Debtors. As a result, holders of Reorganized Common Equity will not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets
upon the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Reorganized Debtors until after all of their obligations to their debt holders have been satisfied. 

62 

(i) 

The Reorganized Debtors will be a Private Company

The Reorganized Debtors do not expect to be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. As a
result, holders of the Reorganized Common Equity will receive substantially less information with respect to the Reorganized Debtors business than they would have received if the Reorganized Debtors were subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Reorganized Debtors will also be relieved of the obligation to comply with the requirements of the proxy rules under Section 14 of the Exchange Act. The suspension of the reporting
obligations under the Exchange Act would likely further reduce the limited trading market and liquidity for the Reorganized Common Equity and may negatively impact the value of, and ability to sell, such shares. In addition, shareholders may not be
able to rely on Rule 144 under the Securities Act to sell their shares of Reorganized Common Equity in the absence of current public information about the Reorganized Debtors, which would limit the trading in the Reorganized Common Equity.
Shareholders also could be adversely affected by a reduction in the Reorganized Debtors public float, that is, the number of shares owned by outside shareholders and available for trading in the securities markets. In addition, the
Reorganized Debtors might also have substantially less access to capital markets and be severely limited in their ability to use equity to effect acquisitions as a non-reporting company. 

(j) 

The Reorganized Debtors May Not Pay Any Dividends On The Reorganized Common Equity

The Reorganized Debtors may not pay any dividends on the Reorganized Common Equity, and covenants in the Reorganized
Debtors debt instruments on and after the Effective Date are expected to restrict their ability to pay dividends. The success of an investment in the Reorganized Debtors may depend entirely upon any future appreciation in the value of the
Reorganized Common Equity and the ability to resell such Reorganized Common Equity in order to realize such appreciation. There is, however, no guarantee that the Reorganized Common Equity will appreciate in value or even maintain its initial
valuation, or that a holder thereof will be able to resell such Reorganized Common Equity at such valuation or at all. 

6.5 

Risks Relating to the Debtors Businesses

(a) 

The Debtors May Not Be Able To Implement the Business Plan

The Debtors may not achieve their business plan and financial restructuring strategy. In such event, the Reorganized Debtors may be unable to
restructure their funded debt or be forced to sell all or parts of their business, develop and implement further restructuring plans not contemplated in this Disclosure Statement, or become subject to further insolvency proceedings. 

The financing agreements governing the Reorganized Debtors indebtedness are expected to be contain various covenants that will limit the
discretion of the Reorganized Debtors management by restricting the Reorganized Debtors ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends or make certain restricted payments, make investments,
consummate certain asset sales, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, merge, consolidate and/or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of their assets. As a result of these covenants, the Reorganized Debtors will be limited in the
manner in which they conduct their business, and they may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. 

63 

(b) 

The Debtors Financial Projections Are Subject to Inherent Uncertainty Due to the Numerous Assumptions
Upon Which They Are Based

The Debtors Financial Projections are based on numerous assumptions including:
(i) timely Confirmation and Consummation pursuant to the terms of the Plan; (ii) the anticipated future performance of the Debtors; (iii) industry performance; general business and economic conditions; and (iv) other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of the Debtors and some or all of which may not materialize. In addition, unanticipated events and circumstances occurring subsequent to the date that this Disclosure Statement is approved by the Bankruptcy Court
may affect the actual financial results of the Debtors operations. These variations may be material and may adversely affect the ability of the Debtors to make payments with respect to indebtedness following Consummation. Because the actual
results achieved throughout the periods covered by the projections may vary from the projected results, the projections should not be relied upon as an assurance of the actual results that will occur. Except with respect to the projections and
except as otherwise specifically and expressly stated, this Disclosure Statement does not reflect any events that may occur subsequent to the date of this Disclosure Statement. Such events may have a material impact on the information contained in
this Disclosure Statement. The Debtors does not intend to update the Financial Projections and therefore the Financial Projections will not reflect the impact of any subsequent events not already accounted for in the assumptions underlying the
Financial Projections. 

(c) 

The Debtors May Not Be Able to Generate Sufficient Cash to Service All of Their Indebtedness

The Debtors ability to make scheduled payments on, or refinance their debt obligations, depends on the
Debtors financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic, industry, and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond the Debtors
control. The Debtors may be unable to maintain a level of cash flow from operating activities sufficient to permit the Debtors to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on their post-emergence indebtedness, including, without limitation,
borrowings in connection with emergence. 

(d) 

Existing and Increased Competition in the Industry or Decreasing Demand for the Debtors Products May
Adversely Affect the Debtors Business and Results of Operations

The Debtors compete with numerous other
companies in the industry that offer similar products and provide similar services as those offered by the Debtors. The Debtors competitors may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing and promotional policies, adapt to changes in customer
preferences or requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the design, sourcing, distribution, marketing, and sale of their products than the Debtors. In addition, the Debtors competitors may seek to emulate facets of the
Debtors business strategy, which could result in a reduction of any competitive advantage or special appeal that the Debtors might possess. An inability to overcome potential competitive disadvantages or effectively market the Debtors
products relative to the Debtors competitors could have an adverse effect on the Debtors business and results of operations. 

64 

(e) 

The Debtors Must Continue to Retain, Motivate, and Recruit Executives and Other Key Employees, Which May Be
Difficult in Light of Uncertainty Regarding the Plan, and Failure To Do So Could Negatively Affect the Debtors Business

The Reorganized Debtors success will depend, in part, on the efforts of their executive officers, their management team, and other key
employees. These individuals possess sales, marketing, financial, administrative, technological, and other skills that are critical to the operation of the Debtors business. If the Reorganized Debtors lose or suffer an extended interruption in
the services of one or more of their executive officers, managers, or other key employees, the Reorganized Debtors business, operational results, and financial condition may be negatively impacted. 

(f) 

The Reorganized Debtors May Be Adversely Affected by Litigation, Including Litigation Arising Out of the
Chapter 11 Cases

As discussed above, the Debtors and their non-Debtor
subsidiaries are currently defendants in a number of legal actions or threatened legal actions against the Company, and may also be involved in various other litigation, claims, and other proceedings, including proceedings relating to the conduct of
the Companys business and employee relations, which so long as they remain unresolved represent a legal issue and potential Claims for monetary damages. As the Plan proposes to leave Unimpaired all General Unsecured Claims, upon the occurrence
of the Effective Date, these actions will be permitted to continue and shall be unaffected by these Chapter 11 Cases, other than those actions which assert Claims arising under Section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or which are otherwise
released pursuant to the Plan. 

Additionally, in the future, the Debtors may become a party to litigation. In general, litigation can be
expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against. Such litigation could result in settlements or damages that could significantly affect the Debtors financial results. It is also possible that certain parties will commence litigation
with respect to the treatment of their Claims under the Plan. It is not possible to predict the potential litigation that the Debtors may become party to, nor the final resolution of such litigation. The impact of any such litigation on the
Reorganized Debtors business and financial stability, however, could be material. 

(g) 

The Reorganized Debtors May Be Adversely Affected by Global Supply Chain Disruptions

Recent disruptions to the global economy have impeded global supply chains and resulted in longer lead times and
increased component costs and freight expenses. In some instances, the Company depends on a sole source supplier arrangement, and alternative suppliers may not be readily available. The supply of these components is critical to the Companys
manufacturing needs. There can be no assurances that unforeseen future events in the global supply chain, and inflationary pressures, will not have a material adverse effect on the Reorganized Debtors business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

65 

(h) 

Other Risk Factors Disclosed in Annual 10-K Filings

The Company has filed certain public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Form 10-K annual reports, which contain additional risk factors that should be considered in connection with the Plan and the Companys business and operations. 

6.6 

Certain Tax Implications of the Chapter 11 Cases and the Plan

Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims should carefully review Article IX of this Disclosure Statement, Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences, to determine how the tax implications of the Plan and the Chapter 11 Cases may adversely affect the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, and Holders of such Claims. 

6.7 

Disclosure Statement Disclaimer

(a) 

Information Contained Herein Is Solely for Soliciting Votes

The information contained in this Disclosure Statement is for the purpose of soliciting acceptances of the Plan and may not be relied upon for
any other purpose. Specifically, this Disclosure Statement is not legal advice to any Person or Entity. The contents of this Disclosure Statement should not be construed as legal, business, or tax advice. Each reader should consult its own legal
counsel and accountant with regard to any legal, tax, and other matters concerning its Claim or Interest. This Disclosure Statement may not be relied upon for any purpose other than to determine how to vote to accept or reject the Plan and whether
to object to Confirmation. 

(b) 

Disclosure Statement May Contain Forward-Looking Statements

This Disclosure Statement may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements consist of any statement other than a recitation
of historical fact and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, expect, anticipate, estimate, or continue, the negative thereof, or other variations thereon
or comparable terminology. 

The Debtors consider all statements regarding anticipated or future matters, including the following, to be forward-looking statements: any future effects as a result of the filing or pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; financing plans; competitive position; business strategy; budgets; projected cost reductions; projected
dividends; projected price increases; effect of changes in accounting due to recently issued accounting standards; projected and estimated liability costs; growth opportunities for existing products and services; results of litigation; disruption of
operations; contractual obligations; projected general market conditions; plans and objectives of management for future operations; off-balance sheet arrangements; the Debtors expected future financial
position, liquidity, results of operations, profitability, and cash flows; and growth opportunities for existing products and services. 

66 

Such statements are based on a variety of estimates and assumptions that are inherently
uncertain and may be beyond the control of Management. Important factors that may affect whether such forward-looking statements materialize include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Debtors business (including
their ability to achieve strategic goals, objectives, and targets over applicable periods), industry performance, the regulatory environment, general business and economic conditions, and other factors, including managements forecasts of key
economic variables which may be significantly impacted by, among other factors, changes in the competitive environment, prices of goods, services, and labor, regulatory changes, or a variety of other factors, including the factors listed in this
Disclosure Statement. 

Accordingly, statements concerning these, and other matters are not guarantees of the Debtors future
performance. The reader is cautioned that all forward-looking statements are necessarily speculative. The Liquidation Analysis, the recovery projections, and other information contained herein and attached hereto are estimates only, and the
timing and amount of actual distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims and Interests may be affected by many factors that cannot be predicted. Forward-looking statements represent the Debtors estimates and assumptions only as of the date such
statements were made. There are risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that could cause the Debtors actual performance or achievements to be materially different from those they may project, and the Debtors undertake no obligation
to update any such statement. 

(c) 

No Legal, Business, or Tax Advice Is Provided to You by This Disclosure Statement

THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT IS NOT LEGAL, BUSINESS, OR TAX ADVICE TO YOU. The contents of this Disclosure Statement should not be
construed as legal, business, or tax advice. Each Holder of a Claim or Interest should consult his or her own legal counsel and accountant with regard to any legal, tax, and other matters concerning his or her Claim or Interest. This Disclosure
Statement may not be relied upon for any purpose other than to determine how to vote on the Plan or object to Confirmation. 

(d) 

No Admissions Made

The information and statements contained in this Disclosure Statement will neither (i) constitute an admission of any fact or
liability by any entity (including the Debtors) nor (ii) be deemed evidence of the tax or other legal effects of the Plan on the Debtors, Holders of Allowed Claims or Interests, or any other parties in interest. 

(e) 

Failure to Identify Litigation Claims or Projected Objections

No reliance should be placed on the fact that a particular litigation Claim or projected objection to a particular Claim or Equity Interest
is, or is not, identified in this Disclosure Statement. All Parties, including the Debtors, reserve the right to continue to investigate Claims and Interests and file and prosecute objections to Claims and Interests. 

67 

(f) 

No Waiver of Right to Object or Right to Recover Transfers and Assets

The vote by a Holder of a Claim for or against the Plan does not constitute a waiver or release of any Claims or rights of the Debtors to
object to that Holders Claim, or to bring Causes of Action or recover any preferential, fraudulent, or other voidable transfer of assets, regardless of whether any Claims or Causes of Action of the Debtors or their Estates are specifically or
generally identified herein. 

(g) 

Information Was Provided by the Debtors and Was Relied Upon by the Debtors Advisors

Counsel to and other advisors retained by the Debtors have relied upon information provided by the Debtors in
connection with the preparation of this Disclosure Statement. Although counsel to and other advisors retained by the Debtors have performed certain limited due diligence in connection with the preparation of this Disclosure Statement, they have not
independently verified the information contained herein. 

(h) 

The Potential Exists for Inaccuracies and the Debtors Have No Duty to Update

The Debtors make the statements contained in this Disclosure Statement as of the date hereof, unless otherwise specified herein, and the
delivery of this Disclosure Statement after that date does not imply that there has not been a change in the information set forth herein since such date. Although the Debtors have used their reasonable business judgment to ensure the accuracy of
all of the information provided in this Disclosure Statement and in the Plan, the Debtors nonetheless cannot, and do not, confirm the current accuracy of all statements appearing in this Disclosure Statement. Further, although the Debtors may
subsequently update the information in this Disclosure Statement, the Debtors have no affirmative duty to do so unless ordered by the Bankruptcy Court. 

(i) 

No Representations Outside of this Disclosure Statement Are Authorized

No representations concerning or relating to the Debtors, the Chapter 11 Cases, or the Plan are authorized by the Bankruptcy Court or the
Bankruptcy Code, other than as set forth in this Disclosure Statement. In deciding whether to vote to accept or reject the Plan, you should not rely upon any representations or inducements made to secure your acceptance or rejection of the Plan that
are other than as contained in, or included with, this Disclosure Statement, unless otherwise indicated herein. You should promptly report unauthorized representations or inducements to the counsel to the Debtors and the U.S. Trustee. 

ARTICLE VII 

CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN 

The following is a brief summary of the Confirmation process. Holders of Claims and Interests are encouraged to review the relevant provisions
of the Bankruptcy Code and to consult with their own advisors. 

68 

7.1 

The Confirmation Hearing

Under section 1128(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Court, after notice, may hold a hearing to confirm a plan of reorganization. The
Debtors will request, on the Petition Date, that the Bankruptcy Court approve the Plan and Disclosure Statement at a joint hearing. The Confirmation Hearing may, however, be continued from time to time without further notice other than an
adjournment announced in open court, or a notice of adjournment filed with the Bankruptcy Court and served in accordance with the Bankruptcy Rules, without further notice to parties in interest. The Bankruptcy Court, in its discretion and prior to
the Confirmation Hearing, may put in place additional procedures governing the Confirmation Hearing. Subject to section 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Plan may be modified, if necessary, prior to, during, or as a result of the Confirmation
Hearing, without further notice to parties in interest. 

Additionally, section 1128(b) of the Bankruptcy Code provides that a party in
interest may object to Confirmation. The Debtors, in the same motion requesting a date for the Confirmation Hearing, will request that the Bankruptcy Court set a date and time for parties in interest to file objections to Confirmation of the Plan.
An objection to Confirmation of the Plan must be filed with the Bankruptcy Court and served on the Debtors and certain other parties in interest in accordance with the applicable order of the Bankruptcy Court so that it is actually received on or
before the deadline to file such objections as set forth therein. 

7.2 

Confirmation Standards

Among the requirements for Confirmation of the Plan pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 1129 are: (i) the Plan is in the best
interests of holders of Claims of Interests; (ii) the Plan is feasible and (iii) the Plan is accepted by all Impaired Classes of Claims or Interests, or if rejected by an Impaired Class or if an Impaired Class is deemed to
reject, the Plan does not discriminate unfairly and is fair and equitable as to the Class. 

At the Confirmation
Hearing, the Bankruptcy Court will determine among other things whether the Plan satisfies all of the requirements of Bankruptcy Code section 1129. The Debtors believe that: (i) the Plan satisfies or will satisfy all of the necessary statutory
requirements of chapter 11; (ii) the Debtors have complied or will have complied with all of the necessary requirements of chapter 11; and (iii) the Plan has been proposed in good faith. 

7.3 

Best Interests Test/Liquidation Analysis

As described above, section 1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code requires that each Holder of an Impaired Claim or Interest either
(a) accept the Plan or (b) receive or retain under the Plan property of a value, as of the Effective Date, that is not less than the value such Holder would receive if the Debtors were liquidated under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy
Code. The Debtors, with the assistance of Houlihan Lokey, has prepared an unaudited liquidation analysis, which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Liquidation Analysis), to assist Holders of Claims and Interests in
evaluating the Plan. The Liquidation Analysis is based on the value of the Debtors assets and liabilities as of a certain date and incorporates various estimates and assumptions, including a hypothetical conversion to a chapter 7
liquidation as of a certain date. Based on the unaudited Liquidation Analysis, the Debtors believe that the value of any distributions if the Chapter 11 Cases were converted to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code would be no greater
than the value of distributions under the Plan. As a result, the Debtors believe Holders of Claims and Interests in all Impaired Classes will recover at least as much as a result of Confirmation of the Plan as they would recover through a
hypothetical chapter 7 liquidation. 

69 

The Liquidation Analysis is subject to potentially material changes, including with respect
to economic and business conditions and legal rulings. Therefore, the actual liquidation value of the Debtors could vary materially from the estimate provided in the Liquidation Analysis. 

THE LIQUIDATION ANALYSIS HAS BEEN PREPARED SOLELY FOR USE IN THIS DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT VALUES THAT ARE APPROPRIATE FOR
ANY OTHER PURPOSE. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THE LIQUIDATION ANALYSIS IS INTENDED TO BE OR CONSTITUTES A CONCESSION BY OR ADMISSION OF ANY DEBTORS FOR ANY PURPOSE. 

7.4 

Feasibility

The Bankruptcy Code requires that a Debtor demonstrate that confirmation of a plan of reorganization is not likely to be followed by
liquidation or the need for further financial reorganization. For purposes of determining whether the Plan meets this requirement, the Debtors have analyzed their ability to meet their obligations under the Plan. As part of this analysis and with
the assistance of its advisors, the Debtors prepared projections for the five years ending 2026 to 2029, which, together with the assumptions on which they are based, are attached hereto as Exhibit D
(the Financial Projections). For purposes of the Financial Projections, the Debtors have assumed an Effective Date of June 30, 2025. The Financial Projections assume that the Plan will be implemented in accordance with its
stated terms. Based on such Financial Projections, the Debtors believe that they will be able to make all payments required under the Plan while conducting ongoing business operations. Therefore, Consummation of the Plan is not likely to be followed
by liquidation or the need for further reorganization. 

The Financial Projections are based on forecasts of key economic variables and may
be significantly impacted by, among other factors, changes in the competitive environment, prices of goods, services, and labor, regulatory changes, or a variety of other factors, including the factors listed in this Disclosure Statement. The
Debtors are currently unaware of any circumstances as of the date of this Disclosure Statement that would require the re-forecasting of the Financial Projections due to a material change in the Debtors
prospects. Accordingly, the estimates and assumptions underlying the Financial Projections are inherently uncertain and are subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties. Therefore, such projections, estimates, and
assumptions are not necessarily indicative of current values or future performance, which may be significantly less or more favorable than set forth herein. The Financial Projections should be read in conjunction with the assumptions,
qualifications, and explanations set forth in this Disclosure Statement. 

7.5 

Confirmation Without Acceptance by All Impaired Classes

The Bankruptcy Code permits confirmation of a plan even if it is not accepted by all impaired classes, as long as (i) the plan otherwise
satisfies the requirements for confirmation, (ii) at least one impaired class of claims has accepted the plan without taking into consideration the votes of any insiders in such class, and (iii) the plan is fair and equitable
and does not discriminate unfairly as to any impaired class that has not accepted the plan. These so-called cram down provisions are set forth in section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.

70 

(a) 

No Unfair Discrimination

The no unfair discrimination test applies to Classes of Claims or Interests that are of equal priority and are receiving different
treatment under the Plan. The test does not require that the treatment be the same or equivalent, but that such treatment be fair. The Debtors do not believe the Plan discriminates unfairly against any Impaired Class of Claims or
Interests. The Debtors believe the Plan and the treatment of all Classes of Claims and Interests under the Plan satisfy the foregoing requirements for nonconsensual confirmation. 

(b) 

Fair and Equitable Test

The fair and equitable test applies to classes of different priority and status (e.g., secured versus unsecured) and includes the
general requirement that no class of claims receives more than 100% of the amount of the allowed claims in the class. As to the dissenting (or deemed rejecting) class, the test sets different standards depending upon the type of claims or equity
interests in the class. 

A plan is fair and equitable as to a class of unsecured claims that rejects a plan if the plan provides
(i) for each holder of a claim included in the rejecting class to receive or retain on account of that claim property that has a value, as of the effective date of the plan, equal to the allowed amount of such claim; or (ii) that the
holder of any claim or interest that is junior to the claims of such class will not receive or retain on account of such junior claim or interest any property at all. 

A plan is fair and equitable as to a class of interests that rejects a plan if the plan provides (i) for each holder of an interest
included in the rejecting class to receive or retain on account of that interest property that has a value, as of the effective date of the plan, equal to the greatest of (a) the allowed amount of any fixed liquidation preference to which such
interest holder is entitled, (b) any fixed redemption price to which such interest holder is entitled, or (c) the value of such interest; or (ii) the holder of any interest that is junior to the interests of the rejecting class will
not receive or retain any property under the plan on account of such junior interest. 

The Debtors submit that Confirmation of the Plan
pursuant to the cramdown provisions of Bankruptcy Code section 1129(b), if necessary, is proper, as the Plan is structured so that it does not discriminate unfairly and satisfies the fair and equitable
requirement. The Debtors believe that the Plan and the treatment of all Classes of Claims and Interests under the Plan satisfy the foregoing requirements for nonconsensual Confirmation of the Plan. 

7.6 

Alternatives to Confirmation and Consummation of the Plan

Subject to the Restructuring Support Agreement, if the Plan cannot be confirmed, the Debtors may seek to (i) prepare and present to the
Bankruptcy Court an alternative chapter 11 plan for confirmation, (ii) effect a merger or sale transaction, including, potentially, a sale of all or substantially all of the Debtors assets pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code,
or (iii) liquidate their assets and business under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. If the Debtors were to pursue a liquidation of their assets and business in chapter 7, the Debtors would convert the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7
of the Bankruptcy Code, and a trustee would be appointed to liquidate the assets of the Debtors for distribution in accordance with the priorities established by the Bankruptcy Code. A discussion of the effects that a chapter 7 liquidation would
have on creditors recoveries and the Debtors are described in the unaudited Liquidation Analysis attached hereto as Exhibit C. 

71 

ARTICLE VIII 

IMPORTANT SECURITIES LAW DISCLOSURE 

8.1 

Exemption from Registration Requirements

The Subscription Rights and the Reorganized Common Equity will be securities as defined in section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act,
section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code and any applicable Blue Sky Law. 

The Debtors are relying on exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, including Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and applicable Blue Sky Laws, to exempt the offer of the Reorganized Common Equity that may be deemed to be made pursuant to the prepetition solicitation of votes on the
Plan. Accordingly, no registration statement will be filed under the Securities Act with respect to the offer of the Reorganized Common Equity that may be deemed to be made pursuant to the prepetition solicitation of votes on the Plan. To ensure
that the prepetition solicitation is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, the ballots used in the prepetition solicitation of votes on the Plan include a certification that the voting holder of the related Claims is an
accredited investor or a qualified institutional buyer (each as defined under the Securities Act). 

The offering,
issuance, and distribution of the Subscription Rights and the Reorganized Common Equity under the Plan after the Petition Date, including in connection with the Equity Rights Offering, shall be exempt from registration requirements under Securities
Act, or any state or local law requiring registration for offer and sale of a security, in reliance upon the exemption provided in section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code to the maximum extent permitted by law, or, if section 1145(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code is not available, then the Subscription Rights and Reorganized Common Equity will be offered, issued, and distributed under the Plan pursuant to other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and any other
applicable securities laws. 

Any Reorganized Common Equity issued on account of the Common Equity Convenience Buyout, any Reorganized
Common Equity that is unsubscribed in the Equity Rights Offering and issued to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Parties pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement on account of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop
Commitment, any Direct Investment Shares, and any Reorganized Common Equity issued to an entity that is an underwriter with respect to such securities, as that term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the
Placement Securities) shall be issued in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder and on equivalent state law registration exemptions or, solely to the extent such
exemptions are not available, other available exemptions from registration under the Securities Act. The Subscription Rights and all of the Reorganized Common Equity issuable under the Plan other than the Placement Securities (collectively, the
1145 Securities) shall be exempt, without further act or actions by any Entity, from registration under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws pursuant to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

72 

Subject to the transfer provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions of the New
Organizational Documents, the Reorganized Common Equity comprising 1145 Securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act or other federal securities Laws pursuant to the exemption provided by section 4(a)(1) of the Securities
Act, unless the holder (i) is an underwriter with respect to such securities, as that term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy code, (ii) is an affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors (as defined in rule
144(a)(1) in the Securities Act), or (iii) has been such an affiliate within ninety (90) days of such transfer. In addition, subject to the transfer provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions of the New Organizational
Documents, such 1145 Securities may generally be resold without registration under state securities laws pursuant to various exemptions provided by the respective Laws of the several states. 

The Placement Securities will be considered restricted securities and may not be transferred except pursuant to an effective
registration statement or under an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as, under certain conditions, the resale provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, subject to, in each case, the transfer
provisions, if any, and other applicable provisions set forth in the New Shareholders Agreement, if any, and the New Organizational Documents. 

Neither the Debtors, the Reorganized Company, nor any other Person shall be required to provide any further evidence other than the Plan or
the Confirmation Order with respect to the treatment of the Reorganized Common Equity under applicable securities laws. DTC and any transfer agent (as applicable) shall be required to accept and conclusively rely upon the Plan or Confirmation Order
in lieu of a legal opinion regarding whether the Reorganized Common Equity are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services (to the extent applicable). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, no Person (including DTC and any transfer agent) shall be entitled to require a legal
opinion regarding the validity of any transaction contemplated by the Plan, including whether the Reorganized Common Equity are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services. 

8.2 

Resales of the Securities

1145 Securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act or other federal law or Blue Sky Laws pursuant to the exemption
provided by section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act and similar exemptions provided by the respective laws of the several states, provided, however, that such securities will not be freely tradable if, at the time of transfer, the holder thereof is an
affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors, as defined in Rule 144(a)(1) under the Securities Act, or had been such an affiliate within 90 days of such transfer. In addition, as noted above and below, the exemptions provided for in
section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy Code do not apply to an entity that is deemed an underwriter as such term is defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, or to the Placement Securities. 

73 

Section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code defines an underwriter as one
who, except with respect to ordinary trading transactions of an entity that is not an issuer: (i) purchases a claim against, interest in, or claim for an administrative expense in the case concerning, the Debtors, if such
purchase is with a view to distribution of any security received or to be received in exchange for such claim or interest; (ii) offers to sell securities offered or sold under a plan for the holders of such securities; (iii) offers to buy
securities offered or sold under a plan from the holders of such securities, if such offer to buy is (a) with a view to distribution of such securities and (b) under an agreement made in connection with the plan, with the consummation of
the plan, or with the offer or sale of securities under the plan; or (iv) is an issuer with respect to such securities within the meaning of section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act. 

The definition of an issuer for purposes of whether a person is an underwriter under section 1145(b)(1)(D) of the Bankruptcy Code,
by reference to section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act, includes as statutory underwriters all affiliates, which are all persons who, directly or indirectly, control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, an
issuer of securities. The reference to issuer, as used in the definition of underwriter contained in section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act, is intended to cover Controlling Persons of the issuer of the
securities. Control, as defined in rule 405 of the Securities Act, means to possess, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through owning voting securities,
by contract, or otherwise. Accordingly, an officer or director of a Reorganized Debtor or its successor may be deemed to be a controlling person of the Debtor or successor under a plan of reorganization, particularly if the management
position or directorship is coupled with ownership of a significant percentage of the Reorganized Debtors or their successors voting securities. 

Securities issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (including securities issued to entities that are deemed
underwriters as well as the Placement Securities) are restricted securities (as defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act) and may not be resold absent an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
and applicable Blue Sky Laws. Under certain circumstances, Holders of Subscription Rights or Reorganized Common Equity who are underwriters or affiliates or whose Subscription Rights or Reorganized Common Equity are Placement
Securities may be entitled to resell such securities pursuant to the limited safe harbor resale provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 

Rule 144 defines an affiliate of the issuer as a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such issuer. A non-affiliate of an issuer that is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and who has not
been an affiliate of the issuer during the ninety days preceding such sale may resell securities after a one-year holding period whether or not there is current public information regarding the issuer. An
affiliate of an issuer that is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act may resell restricted securities after the one-year holding period, if applicable, if at
the time of the sale certain current public information regarding the issuer is available. An affiliate must also comply with certain volume limitations, manner of sale requirements and certain other conditions of Rule 144. 

Whether any particular Person would be deemed to be an underwriter with respect to the Subscription Rights or Reorganized Common
Equity or an affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors would depend upon various facts and circumstances applicable to that Person. Accordingly, the Debtors express no view as to whether any Person would be deemed an underwriter
with respect to the Reorganized Common Equity or an affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors and, in turn, whether any Person may freely resell Subscription Rights or Reorganized Common Equity. 

74 

Accordingly, the Debtors recommend that potential recipients of the Subscription Rights
and the Reorganized Common Equity consult their own counsel concerning their ability to freely trade such securities without registration under the Securities Act or any applicable Blue Sky Law. In addition, the Debtors do not currently contemplate
applying to list these securities on any national securities exchange. The Debtors make no representation concerning the ability of a person to dispose of the Reorganized Common Equity. 

ARTICLE IX 

CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PLAN 

The following discussion is a summary of certain United States (U.S.) federal income tax consequences of the consummation
of the Plan to the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, and to certain holders of Claims. The following summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders of Claims or Interests not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan.
This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC), the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Treasury Regulations), judicial authorities, published administrative
positions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS), and other applicable authorities, all as in effect on the date of this Disclosure Statement and all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly
with retroactive effect. Due to the lack of definitive judicial and administrative authority in a number of areas, substantial uncertainty may exist with respect to some of the tax consequences described below. No opinion of counsel has been
obtained. The Debtors do not intend to seek a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax consequences of the Plan discussed below. The discussion below is not binding upon the IRS or the courts. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or
that a court would not sustain, a different position than any position discussed herein. 

This discussion does not purport to address all
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, or to certain holders of Claims or Interests in light of their individual circumstances. This discussion does not address tax issues with respect to
such holders of Claims or Interests subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (including, for example, banks, governmental authorities or agencies, pass-through entities, subchapter S corporations, dealers and traders in
securities, insurance companies, financial institutions, tax exempt organizations, small business investment companies, former citizens or residents of the United States, persons that use the accrual method of accounting that are required to include
certain amounts in income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements, persons who are related to the Debtors within the meaning of the IRC, Persons using a mark-to-market method of accounting, holders of Claims who are themselves in bankruptcy, and regulated investment companies and those holding, or who will hold, Claims or Interests, or the Reorganized Common
Equity or any other consideration to be received under the Plan, as part of a hedge, straddle, conversion, or other integrated transaction). No aspect of state, local, estate, gift, or non-U.S. taxation is
addressed, nor is the 3.8% Medicare Tax on net investment income. Furthermore, this summary assumes that holders of Claims hold only Claims 

75 

in a single Class and hold Claims as capital assets (within the meaning of section 1221 of the IRC). This summary does not address any special arrangements or contractual rights
that are not being received or entered into in respect of an underlying Claim, including the tax treatment of any backstop premiums or similar arrangements (including any ramifications such arrangements may have on the treatment of a holder under
the Plan). Specifically, this summary does not address the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Commitment Agreement or the tax treatment of the Equity Rights Offering Backstop Premium and Common Equity Convenience Buyout Premium. This summary also
assumes that, except as otherwise mentioned herein, that each holder has not taken a bad debt deduction with respect to a Claim (or any portion thereof) in the current or any prior year and such Claim did not become completely or partially worthless
in a prior taxable year and the various debt and other arrangements to which the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors are or will be a party will be respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes in accordance with their form, and, to the extent
relevant, that the Claims constitute interests in the Debtors solely as a creditor for purposes of section 897 of the IRC. 

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder is a holder of a Claim that is: (i) an individual citizen or resident of
the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the
District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of the source of such income; or (iv) a trust (a) if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary
jurisdiction over the trusts administration and one or more United States persons has authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) that has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be
treated as a United States person. For purposes of this discussion, a Non-U.S. Holder is any holder of a Claim that is not a U.S. Holder other than any partnership (or other entity treated as a
partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 

If a partnership (or other entity treated as a
pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a holder of a Claim or Interest, the tax treatment of a partner (or other beneficial owner) of such entity generally will depend upon the status of the partner (or other beneficial owner)
and the activities of the partner (or other beneficial owner) and the entity. Partners (or other beneficial owners) of partnerships (or other pass-through entities) that are holders of Claims or Interests should consult their respective tax advisors
regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Plan. 

ACCORDINGLY, THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR CAREFUL TAX PLANNING AND ADVICE BASED UPON THE INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES PERTAINING TO A HOLDER OF A CLAIM OR INTEREST. ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS OR INTERESTS ARE URGED TO
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PLAN. 

76 

(a) 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors

(1) 

In General

The Debtors expect that the Restructuring Transactions will be structured as a recapitalization of the existing Debtors under their current
corporate structure. Based on the facts as currently understood by the Debtors and except as otherwise described below, the Debtors do not currently expect to recognize material taxable gain or loss as a result of the Restructuring Transactions, but
there can be no assurance in this regard. As a result of the Restructuring Transactions, the Debtors will be subject to the application of section 382 of the IRC, and will recognize a material amount of cancellation of indebtedness income
(COD Income) and be subject to rules with respect to COD Income as described below. 

(2) 

Effects of the Restructuring Transactions on Tax Attributes of Debtors

A. 

Existing Tax Attributes

The Debtors estimate that, as of December 31, 2024, the Debtors had consolidated net operating loss (NOL)
carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes of approximately $309.1 million and carryforwards of unused research tax credits of approximately $12.1 million. The Debtors expect to incur additional NOLs for the period through the
Effective Date. The amount of any such NOLs and other tax attributes (Tax Attributes) remains subject to audit and potential adjustment by the IRS, and such Tax Attributes may be materially reduced as a result of the Restructuring
Transactions as described below in Cancellation of Indebtedness and Preservation of Tax Attributes. 

In addition, certain
trading activity and certain other actions prior to the Effective Date relating to direct and indirect ownership of equity and securities of the Debtors could result in an ownership change of the Debtors independent of the Plan which
could adversely affect the ability to fully utilize the Debtors Tax Attributes. In an attempt to minimize the likelihood of such an ownership change occurring, the Debtors will file on or about the Petition Date a motion to obtain a protective
trading order at the inception of the Chapter 11 Cases. 

B. 

Cancellation of Indebtedness Income and Preservation of Tax Attributes

The Debtors expect to recognize COD Income resulting from the Restructuring Transactions, and, assuming COD Income does arise, the Debtors
expect that it could be substantial. In general, absent an exception, a debtor will realize and recognize COD Income upon actual or deemed satisfaction of its outstanding indebtedness for total consideration less than the amount of such
indebtedness. The amount of COD Income, in general, is the excess of (a) the adjusted issue price of the indebtedness satisfied, over (b) the sum of (X) the amount of Cash paid (or deemed paid), (Y) the issue price of any new
indebtedness of the Debtors issued, and (Z) the fair market value of any other consideration, in each case, given in satisfaction of such indebtedness at the time of the satisfaction. For this purpose, various rules under section 108(e) of the
IRC are expected to apply in determining the amount of COD Income recognized by the Debtors. Unless an exception or exclusion applies, COD Income constitutes taxable income like any other item of taxable income. 

77 

Pursuant to section 108(a)(1)(A) of the IRC, a debtor will not, however, be required to
include any amount of COD Income in gross income if such debtor is under the jurisdiction of a court in a case under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and the discharge of indebtedness occurs pursuant to that proceeding. Instead, as a consequence of
such exclusion, a debtor must reduce its tax attributes by the amount of COD Income that it excluded from gross income pursuant to section 108(a)(1)(A) of the IRC. In general, the Tax Attributes of a debtor will be reduced in the following order:
(a) NOLs and NOL carryforwards; (b) general business credit carryovers; (c) minimum tax credit carryovers (d) capital loss carryovers; (e) tax basis in assets, which includes the stock of subsidiaries (subject to the Asset
Tax Basis Floor, as described below); (f) passive activity loss and credit carryovers; and (g) foreign tax credits. Alternatively, a debtor with COD Income may elect to first reduce the basis of its depreciable assets pursuant to section
108(b)(5) of the IRC prior to effecting any other reductions in tax attributes set forth above, though it has not been determined whether the Debtors will make this election. Any disallowed business interest carryovers under section 163(j) of the
IRC (163(j) Carryovers) are not reduced pursuant to these rules. The reduction in Tax Attributes occurs only after the taxable income (or loss) for the taxable year of the debt discharge has been determined. Any excess COD Income
over the amount of available Tax Attributes will generally not give rise to U.S. federal income tax and will generally have no other U.S. federal income tax impact. 

The aggregate tax basis of the Debtors in their assets is not required to be reduced below the amount of indebtedness that the Debtors will be
subject to immediately after the cancellation of debt giving rise to COD Income (the Asset Tax Basis Floor). Generally, all of an entitys obligations (including intercompany debt) that are treated as debt under general U.S.
federal income tax principles are taken into account in determining an entitys Asset Tax Basis Floor. 

The exact amount of the COD
Income (if any) that will be realized by the Debtors, and any resulting reduction in the tax attributes of the Debtors and their affiliates, will not be determinable until after the consummation of the Plan. 

C. 

Limitation of NOL Carryforwards and Other Tax Attributes Under Sections 382 and 383 of the IRC

After giving effect to the reduction in Tax Attributes resulting from excluded COD Income, the Debtors ability to
use any remaining Tax Attributes post-emergence will be subject to certain limitations under sections 382 and 383 of the IRC. 

(i) 

Limitation of NOL Carryforwards and Other Tax Attributes Under Sections 382 and 383 of the IRC

Under sections 382 and 383 of the IRC, if the Debtors undergo an ownership change, (as determined for
purposes of those sections) the amount of its NOLs and NOL carryforwards, 163(j) Carryovers, tax credit carryforwards, net unrealized built-in losses, and possibly certain other attributes of the Reorganized
Debtors allocable to periods prior to the Effective Date (collectively, Pre-Change Losses) that may be utilized to offset future taxable income generally are subject to an annual limitation.
For this purpose, if the Debtors have a net unrealized built-in gain at time of an ownership change, any built-in gains recognized (or, according to a
currently effective IRS notice treated as recognized) during the following five years (up to the amount of the original net unrealized built-in gain) generally will increase the annual limitation in the year
recognized, such 

78 

that the Reorganized Debtors would be permitted to use their Pre-Change Losses against such built-in gain income in
addition to its regular annual allowance. Alternatively, if the Debtors have a net unrealized built-in loss at the time of an ownership change (taking into account most assets and items of built-in income and deductions), then built-in losses (including amortization or depreciation deductions attributable to such
built-in losses) and deductions recognized during the following five years (up to the amount of the original net unrealized built-in loss) generally will be treated as Pre-Change Losses and similarly will be subject to the annual limitation. In general, a debtors net unrealized built-in loss will be deemed to be zero unless it is
greater than the lesser of (i) $10,000,000, or (ii) fifteen percent (15%) of the fair market value of its assets (with certain adjustments) before the ownership change. 

The rules of sections 382 and 383 of the IRC are complicated, but as a general matter, the Debtors anticipate that the issuance of Reorganized
Common Equity pursuant to the Plan will result in an ownership change of the Debtors for these purposes. The Reorganized Debtors use of their Pre-Change Losses will be subject to limitation
under sections 382 and 383 of the IRC (in addition to any limitations in effect pursuant to such sections prior to the Restructuring) unless an exception to the general rules of sections 382 and 383 of the IRC applies. 

(ii) 

General Section 382 Annual Limitation

In general, the amount of the annual limitation to which a corporation that undergoes an ownership change would be subject (the
382 Limitation) is equal to the product of (a) the fair market value of the stock of the corporation immediately before the ownership change (with certain adjustments), multiplied by (b) the long-term tax-exempt rate (which is the highest of the adjusted federal long-term rates in effect for any month in the 3-calendar-month period ending with the calendar month in
which the ownership change occurs, currently: 3.67% for March 2025). As discussed above, the 382 Limitation may be increased by the amount of any net unrealized built-in gain (if any) at the time
of the ownership change, to the extent that the Debtors recognize certain built-in gains in their assets during the five-year period following the ownership change, or are treated as recognizing built-in gains pursuant to the safe harbors provided in IRS Notice 2003-65 (as modified by IRS Notice 2018-30).7 Section 383 of the IRC applies a similar limitation to capital loss carryforwards and tax credits. Any unused limitation may be carried forward, thereby increasing the annual limitation in the
subsequent taxable year. As discussed below, however, special rules may apply in the case of a corporation that experiences an ownership change as the result of a bankruptcy proceeding. 

7 

Regulations have been proposed that would significantly change the application of the rules relating to built-in gains and losses for purposes of computing the 382 Limitation. However, proposed regulations have also been released that would grandfather companies that undergo an ownership change
pursuant to an order entered in a bankruptcy case that was commenced prior to, or within thirty (30) days of, the publication of the finalized new rules in this area. In each case, the applicability of these proposed regulations remains
uncertain, and the proposed regulations may not become final. Accordingly, the Debtors do not expect the proposed regulations to apply to them or to the Reorganized Debtors with respect to the ownership change that will occur pursuant to
the Plan and, accordingly, the remainder of this discussion assumes that Notice 2003-65 will apply to the Reorganized Debtors. In the event the proposed regulations are finalized more than thirty-one (31) days prior to the Effective Date and the grandfather rule does not apply to prevent the finalized regulations from being applied to the Debtors and/or the Reorganized Debtors, the
Debtors will make a supplemental filing to explain the potential effect of such finalized regulations. 

79 

Notwithstanding the rules described above, if subsequent to an ownership change,
a debtor corporation and its subsidiaries do not continue such debtor corporations historic business, or do not use a significant portion of their historic business assets in a new business, for the two years after the ownership change, the
annual limitation resulting from the ownership change is zero, which precludes any utilization of the corporations Pre-Change Losses (absent any increases due to the recognition of any built-in gains as of the time of the ownership change). 

(iii) 

Special Bankruptcy Exceptions

Special rules may apply in the case of a corporation that experiences an ownership change as a result of a bankruptcy proceeding.
An exception to the foregoing annual limitation rules generally applies when creditors of a debtor corporation in chapter 11 holding certain qualified indebtedness (generally, indebtedness that (i) was held by the creditor at
least 18 months before the date of filing of the chapter 11 case or (ii) arose in the ordinary course of the trade or business of the debtor corporation and is held by the person who at all times held the beneficial interest in such
indebtedness) receive, in respect of such qualified indebtedness, at least fifty percent (50%) of the vote and value of the stock of the Reorganized Debtors (or a controlling corporation if also in chapter 11) pursuant to a confirmed chapter 11 plan
(the 382(l)(5) Exception). If a debtor qualifies for the 382(l)(5) Exception, such debtors Pre-Change Losses are not limited on an annual basis, but, instead,
NOLs, NOL carryforwards, and 163(j) Carryovers will be reduced by the amount of any interest deductions claimed during the three taxable years preceding the effective date of the plan of reorganization, and during the part of the taxable year prior
to and including the effective date of the plan of reorganization, in respect of all debt converted into stock in the reorganization. If the 382(l)(5) Exception applies and the Reorganized Debtors undergo another ownership change
within two years after the Effective Date, then the Debtors Pre-Change Losses thereafter would be effectively eliminated in their entirety. If the Reorganized Debtors were to undergo another
ownership change after the expiration of this two-year period, the resulting 382 Limitation would be determined under the regular rules for ownership changes. 

Where the 382(l)(5) Exception is not applicable to a corporation in bankruptcy (either because a debtor does not qualify for the
382(l)(5) Exception or a debtor otherwise elects not to utilize the 382(l)(5) Exception), a second special rule will generally apply (the 382(l)(6) Exception). Under the 382(l)(6) Exception, the 382
Limitation will be calculated by reference to the lesser of the value of a debtor corporations new stock (with certain adjustments) immediately after the ownership change or the value of such debtor corporations assets (determined
without regard to liabilities) immediately before the ownership change. This differs from the ordinary rule that requires the fair market value of a debtor corporation that undergoes an ownership change to be determined before the events
giving rise to the change. The 382(l)(6) Exception also differs from the 382(l)(5) Exception because the debtor corporation is not required to reduce its NOLs, NOL carryforwards and 163(j) Carryforwards by the amount of interest deductions
claimed within the prior three-year period, and the debtor may undergo a change of ownership within two years without automatically triggering the effective elimination of its Pre-Change Losses. The resulting
limitation would be determined under the regular rules for ownership changes. 

80 

The Debtors do not expect to utilize the 382(l)(5) Exception, if available, and intend that
the 382(l)(6) Exception apply to the Reorganized Debtors. The Reorganized Debtors use of their Pre-Change Losses after the Effective Date may be adversely affected if an ownership change
within the meaning of section 382 of the IRC were to occur after the Effective Date. 

(b) 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of Allowed Claims Entitled to Vote

(1) 

Consequences to Holders of Senior Notes Claims

Pursuant to the Plan, and in complete and final satisfaction of their Claims, each Holder of Senior Notes Claims will receive either
(i) the Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery, which includes (x) Reorganized Common Equity and (y) Subscription Rights to participate in the Equity Rights Offering for its Pro-Rata Share of the Non-Holdback Rights Offering Amount, or upon election, (ii) the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option. 

The tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims from the exchange of such Claims for Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription
Rights will depend on whether the Senior Notes Claims are treated as securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and whether the Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights are issued by the same entity as such securities. A
right to acquire stock and, presumably, a right to acquire a security generally can also be treated as a security. The Subscription Rights may constitute a security of Reorganized Debtors. 

Neither the IRC nor the Treasury Regulations define the term security. Whether a debt instrument constitutes a
security for U.S. federal income tax purposes is determined based on all the relevant facts and circumstances, but most authorities have held that the length of the term of a debt instrument is an important factor in determining whether
such instrument is a security for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These authorities have indicated that a term of less than five years is evidence that the instrument is not a security, whereas a term of ten years or more is evidence that it is a
security. There are numerous other factors that could be taken into account in determining whether a debt instrument is a security, including the security for payment, the creditworthiness of the obligor, the subordination or lack thereof to other
creditors, the right to vote or otherwise participate in the management of the obligor, convertibility of the instrument into an equity interest of the obligor, whether payments of interest are fixed, variable, or contingent, and whether such
payments are made on a current basis or accrued. 

The Senior Notes consist of three (3) different tranches of debt, each convertible
into either Cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination thereof, at the Companys election: the 2026 Senior Notes have a five (5) year and six (6) day maturity at issuance; the 2028 Senior Notes have a five
(5) year, nine (9) month, and three (3) day maturity at issuance; and the 2029 Senior Notes have a six (6) year, five (5) month, and twenty (20) day maturity at issuance. 

The following discusses the potential treatment of the Senior Notes Claims as securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
takes no position as to their treatment. U.S. Holders of Senior Notes Claims are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the appropriate status of their Claims as securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

81 

An exchange of Senior Notes Claims that qualify as securities for (in whole or
in part) stock or securities of the same issuer should qualify as a tax reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Tax Code (Recapitalization), with the consequences described below in
Recapitalization Treatment. If the Senior Notes Claims do not qualify as securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes or with respect to the receipt of stock or securities of a different issuer or other consideration, the
restructuring should be a fully taxable transaction with the consequences described below in Fully Taxable Exchange. If a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims holds Senior Notes Claims that qualify securities as well as Senior
Notes Claims that do not qualify as securities, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then a portion of the consideration received would be treated as received in respect of the securities and may qualify as a
Recapitalization as described below, while another portion of the consideration received would be treated as received in respect of the Senior Notes Claims that do not qualify as securities in a fully taxable exchange as described below.

A. 

Recapitalization Treatment

If the exchange by a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims for Reorganized Common Equity qualifies for Recapitalization treatment, the U.S.
Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss. Similarly, if the exchange by a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims for Subscription Rights qualifies for Recapitalization treatment, the U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss.
However, a U.S. Holder would have ordinary interest income to the extent of any consideration allocable to accrued but unpaid interest or possibly accrued original issue discount (OID) not previously included in income. See
Distributions in Respect of Accrued But Unpaid Interest or OID, below. In addition, if any portion of the consideration received for Senior Notes Claims does not qualify as stock or securities for U.S. federal income tax
purposes (including the Subscription Rights or any Cash), then a U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain up to the lesser of (i) the gain that would be recognized if the holder of the Senior Notes Claims disposed of such Claims for U.S.
federal income tax purposes in a fully taxable transaction and (ii) the value of such portion of the consideration that does not qualify as stock or securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

In an exchange that qualifies for Recapitalization treatment, the aggregate tax basis of a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims in the
Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights received in exchange for its Senior Notes Claim would equal the applicable U.S. Holders aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Claim exchanged therefor, increased by any gain recognized in the
exchange and an amount equal to the fair market value of the Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights, if any, attributable to accrued stated interest (to the extent such amount had not been previously included in the U.S. Holders
aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Claim), and decreased by any money, the fair market value of any boot received, and any loss recognized on the exchange. The holding period of a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims in the Reorganized Common Equity
and Subscription Rights received in exchange for its Senior Notes would include its holding period in the Allowed Claim exchanged therefor, except to the extent of any consideration received in respect of accrued but unpaid interest or possibly
accrued OID or treated as imputed interest income or, with respect to the Subscription Rights, to the extent the Subscription Rights are not treated as a security, in which case, the holding period for the Subscription Rights should
begin the day following the Effective Date. 

82 

B. 

Fully Taxable Exchange

In the case of a taxable exchange, a U.S. Holder of a Senior Notes Claim generally would recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the
difference, if any, between (i) the sum of the aggregate fair market value of the Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights received (other than, in each case, to the extent received in respect of a Claim for accrued but unpaid interest
and possibly accrued OID) and (ii) the U.S. Holders adjusted tax basis in the Senior Notes Claim exchanged therefor (other than any tax basis attributable to accrued but unpaid interest and possibly accrued OID). See
Character of Gain or Loss, below. A U.S. Holder would have ordinary interest income to the extent of any consideration allocable to accrued but unpaid interest or possibly accrued OID not previously included in income. See
Distributions in Respect of Accrued But Unpaid Interest or OID, below. 

In the case of a taxable exchange, a U.S.
Holders tax basis in the Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights received would equal the fair market value of such Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights, respectively. The U.S. Holders holding period in the
Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights generally would begin on the day following the Effective Date. 

C. 

Consequences to Holders of Senior Notes that Elect the Senior Notes Claim Cash Option

A U.S. Holder that elects to receive Cash in lieu of Reorganized Common Equity and Subscription Rights generally would
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (i) the amount of Cash received (other than to the extent received in respect of a Claim for accrued but unpaid interest and possibly accrued OID) and (ii) the
U.S. Holders adjusted tax basis in the Senior Notes Claim exchanged therefor (other than any tax basis attributable to accrued but unpaid interest and possibly accrued OID). 

A U.S. Holder that elects to receive Cash in lieu of Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery but that, as a result of a Cash-Out Reduction, receives both Cash and Reorganized Common Equity generally would, if the exchange qualifies for Recapitalization treatment, recognize gain up to the lesser of (i) the gain that would be
recognized if such U.S. Holder disposed of its Senior Notes Claims for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a fully taxable transaction and (ii) the amount of Cash received. The tax basis and holding period of a U.S. Holder of Senior Notes
Claims in the Reorganized Common Equity received in such partial exchange will be determined in the same manner described under Recapitalization Treatment, above. 

A U.S. Holder that elects to receive Cash in lieu of Senior Notes Claim Equity Recovery but that, as a result of a Cash-Out Reduction, receives both Cash and Reorganized Common Equity generally would, in the case of a fully taxable exchange, recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between
(i) the sum of (x) the amount of Cash received and (y) the fair market value of such Reorganized Common Equity (other than, in each case, to the extent received in respect of a Claim for accrued but unpaid interest and possibly
accrued OID) and (ii) the U.S. Holders adjusted tax basis in the Senior Notes Claim exchanged therefor (other than any tax basis attributable to accrued but unpaid interest and possibly accrued OID). The tax basis and holding period of a
U.S. Holder of Senior Notes Claims in the Reorganized Common Equity received in such partial exchange will be determined in the same manner described under Fully Taxable Exchange, above. 

83 

(2) 

Subscription Rights

The characterization of the Subscription Rights and their subsequent exercise for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the exercise of options
to acquire Reorganized Common Equity is uncertain given that the receipt and exercise of the Subscription Rights pursuant to the Plan could be viewed as an integrated transaction pursuant to which part of the underlying Reorganized Common Equity is
treated as acquired directly in satisfaction of a holders Senior Note Claims and part are treated as acquired for Cash. The characterization of the Subscription Rights as the exercise of an option to acquire Reorganized Common Equity (and
not as an integrated element within a larger purchase of Reorganized Common Equity) may impact, among other things, the amount of loss (if any) that a holder of Senior Note Claims may recognize if the satisfaction of its Senior Note Claim as part of
the Plan is treated as a taxable exchange and, assuming the exercise of such rights, a holders tax basis in the Reorganized Common Equity received. Unless otherwise indicated, the discussion herein assumes that the Subscription Rights are
respected as options to acquire Reorganized Common Equity. 

Regardless of the characterization of the Subscription Rights, a U.S. Holder
of Subscription Rights generally would not recognize any gain or loss upon the exercise of such Subscription Rights. A U.S. Holders aggregate tax basis in the Reorganized Common Equity received upon exercise of a Subscription Right should
be equal to the sum of (i) the amount paid upon exercise of the Subscription Rights and (ii) the U.S. Holders tax basis in the Subscription Rights. 

A U.S. Holders holding period in the Reorganized Common Equity received upon exercise of a Subscription Right generally should commence
the day following the exercise of the Subscription Right. In addition, if the Subscription Rights are treated as received as part of a Recapitalization, any gain recognized upon a subsequent disposition of the Reorganized Common Equity may be
treated as ordinary income to the extent of any carryover of accrued market discount in respect of the Senior Note Claim exchanged therefor not previously included in income. See Character of Gain or Loss, below. 

It is uncertain whether a holder that receives but does not exercise a Subscription Right should be treated as receiving anything of
additional value in respect of its Senior Note Claim. If the Subscription Rights are respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes as options to acquire Reorganized Common Equity, and a U.S. Holder is treated as having received a Subscription
Right of value (despite its subsequent lapse), such that it obtains a tax basis in the Subscription Right, upon such lapse of the Subscription Right the U.S. Holder generally would recognize a loss to the extent of the U.S. Holders tax basis
in the Subscription Right. In general, such loss would be a capital loss, long-term or short-term, depending upon whether the requisite holding period was satisfied (which in the case of a Recapitalization, even if the right lapses unexercised,
should include the holding period of the Senior Note Claim exchanged therefor). 

84 

(3) 

Character of Gain or Loss

When gain or loss is recognized by a U.S. Holder, the character of such gain or loss as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss or as
ordinary income or loss is determined by a number of factors, including the tax status of the U.S. Holder, whether the Senior Notes Claim constitutes a capital asset in the hands of the U.S. Holder and how long it has been held, whether the Senior
Notes Claim was acquired at a market discount, and whether and to what extent the U.S. Holder previously claimed a bad debt deduction. 

In
addition, a U.S. Holder that acquired a Claim from a prior holder at a market discount may be subject to the market discount rules of the IRC. A U.S. Holder that purchased its Claim from a prior holder would be considered to have
purchased such Claim with market discount if the U.S. Holders adjusted tax basis in its Claim is less than the adjusted issue price of such Claim by at least a statutorily defined de minimis amount. Under these rules, gain
recognized on the exchange of Claims (other than in respect of a Claim for accrued but unpaid interest) generally would be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued (on a straight line basis or, at the election of the
U.S. Holder, on a constant yield basis) during the U.S. Holders period of ownership, unless the U.S. Holder elected to include the market discount in income as it accrued. If a U.S. Holder of Claims did not elect to include market discount in
income as it accrued and, thus, under these rules, was required to defer all or a portion of any deductions for interest on debt incurred or maintained to purchase or carry its Claims, such deferred amounts would in the case of a fully taxable
exchange become deductible at the time of the exchange (but would continue to be deferred in the event of Recapitalization treatment). 

In
the event of Recapitalization treatment, the IRC indicates that, under Treasury Regulations to be issued, any accrued market discount in respect of the Senior Notes Claims in excess of the gain recognized in the exchange is not expected to be
currently includible in income. However, such accrued market discount would carry over to any non-recognition property received in exchange therefor, i.e., to the relevant Reorganized Common Equity and
Subscription Rights. Any gain recognized by a U.S. Holder upon a subsequent disposition of such property would be treated as ordinary income to the extent of any accrued market discount carried over not previously included in income. To date,
specific Treasury Regulations implementing this rule have not been issued. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the market discount rules to their Claim. 

(4) 

Distributions in Respect of Accrued But Unpaid Interest or OID

In general, to the extent that any consideration received pursuant to the Plan by a U.S. Holder of a Senior Note Claim is received in
satisfaction of accrued interest or possibly accrued OID during the U.S. Holders holding period, such amount would be taxable to the U.S. Holder as interest income (if not previously included in the U.S. Holders gross income).
Conversely, a U.S. Holder generally recognizes a deductible loss to the extent any accrued interest or accrued OID was previously included in its gross income and is not paid in full. However, the IRS has privately ruled that a holder of a
security of a corporate issuer, in an otherwise tax-free exchange, could not claim a current loss with respect to any accrued but unpaid OID. Accordingly, it is also unclear whether, in similar
circumstances or by analogy, any U.S. Holder of a Senior Notes Claim would be required to recognize a capital loss, rather than an ordinary loss, with respect to previously included OID with respect to such Claim that is not paid in full. 

85 

The Plan provides that, unless otherwise required by law (as reasonably determined by the
Reorganized Debtors), distributions in respect of Allowed Claims shall be allocated first to the principal amount of such Claims (as determined for federal income tax purposes) and then, to the extent the consideration exceeds the principal amount
of the Claims, to the remainder of such Claims, including any portion of such Claims for accrued but unpaid interest as Allowed therein (in contrast, for example, to a pro rata allocation of a portion of the exchange consideration received between
principal and interest, or an allocation first to accrued but unpaid interest). If the fair market value of the consideration received by a U.S. Holder is not sufficient to fully satisfy all principal and interest on its Claim, the extent to which
such consideration will be attributable to accrued interest is unclear. There is no assurance that the IRS will respect such allocation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Holders of Claims are urged to consult their own tax advisor regarding the
allocation of consideration and the inclusion and deductibility of accrued but unpaid interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(5) 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders Owning and Disposing of Reorganized Common Equity

A. 

Dividends on Reorganized Common Equity 

Any distributions made on account of the Reorganized Common Equity will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the
extent of the current or accumulated earnings and profits of Reorganized Holdings as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Certain qualified dividends received by a non-corporate taxpayer are
taxed at preferential rates. To the extent that a holder receives distributions that would otherwise constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes but that exceed such current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions will
be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital reducing the holders basis in its shares. Any such distributions in excess of the holders basis in its shares (determined on a share-by-share basis) generally will be treated as capital gain. 

Distributions that constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are paid to U.S. Holders that are corporations generally will
be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. However, the dividends-received deduction is only available if certain holding period requirements are satisfied. The
length of time that a shareholder has held its stock is reduced for any period during which the shareholders risk of loss with respect to the stock is diminished by reason of the existence of certain options, contracts to sell, short sales, or
similar transactions. 

B. 

Sale, Redemption, or Repurchase of Reorganized Common Equity 

Unless a non-recognition provision of the IRC applies, and subject to the market discount rules
discussed above, U.S. Holders generally will recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale, redemption, or other taxable disposition of Reorganized Common Equity. Such capital gain will be long-term capital
gain if, at the time of the sale, exchange, retirement, or other taxable disposition, the U.S Holder held the applicable non-Cash consideration for more than one year.
Long-term capital gains of a non-corporate taxpayer generally are taxed at preferential rates. Under the recapture rules of section 108(e)(7) of the IRC, a U.S. Holder
may be required to treat gain recognized on such dispositions of the Reorganized Common Equity as ordinary income if such U.S. Holder took a bad debt deduction with respect to its Claim or recognized an ordinary loss on the exchange of its Claim for
Reorganized Common Equity. 

86 

For a description of certain limitations on the deductibility of capital losses, see the
section entitled Limitation on Use of Capital Losses below. For discussion regarding the potential treatment of certain redemptions and repurchases, see the section entitled Application of Dividend Equivalence Rules, below.

(6) 

Limitations on Use of Capital Losses

A U.S. Holder of a Claim who recognizes capital losses as a result of the distributions under the Plan will be subject to limits on the use of
such capital losses. For a non-corporate U.S. Holder, capital losses may be used to offset any capital gains (without regard to holding periods), and also ordinary income to the extent of the lesser of (1)
$3,000 annually ($1,500 for married individuals filing separate returns) or (2) the excess of the capital losses over the capital gains. A non-corporate U.S. Holder may carry over unused capital losses
and apply them against future capital gains and a portion of their ordinary income for an unlimited number of years. For corporate holders, capital losses may only be used to offset capital gains. A corporate U.S. Holder that has more capital losses
than may be used in a tax year may carry back unused capital losses to the three years preceding the capital loss year or may carry over unused capital losses for the five years following the capital loss year. 

(c) 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders of
Allowed Claims Entitled to Vote

The following discussion includes only certain U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the consummation of the Plan to Non-U.S. Holders. The discussion does not include any non-U.S. tax considerations. The rules governing the U.S. federal income tax
consequences to Non-U.S. Holders are complex. Each Non-U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, state, and local and the foreign tax
consequences of the Restructuring Transactions to such Non-U.S. Holder and the ownership and disposition of non-Cash consideration. 

(1) 

Gain Recognition

Whether a Non-U.S. Holder realizes gain or loss on the exchange and the amount of such gain or loss is
generally determined in the same manner as set forth above in connection with U.S. Holders. 

Any gain realized by a Non-U.S. Holder on the exchange of its Claim generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation unless (a) the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who was present
in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year in which the exchange occurs and certain other conditions are met, or (b) such gain is effectively connected with the conduct by such
Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the United States (and if an income tax treaty applies, such gain is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by such
Non-U.S. Holder in the United States). 

87 

If the first exception applies, to the extent that any gain is taxable, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of thirty percent (30%) (or at a reduced rate or exemption from tax under an applicable income tax treaty) on the amount by which such Non-U.S. Holders capital gains allocable to U.S. sources exceed capital losses allocable to U.S. sources during the taxable year of the exchange. If the second exception applies, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any gain realized on the exchange in the same manner as a U.S. Holder. In addition, if such a
Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, it may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to thirty percent (30%) (or such lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) of its effectively connected earnings and profits
for the taxable year, subject to certain adjustments. 

(2) 

Subscription Rights

In general, it is not expected that the exercise of the Subscription Rights into Reorganized Common Equity will cause a Non-U.S. Holder to recognize gain or loss. However, Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors prior to the exercise of the Subscription Rights into Reorganized
Common Equity and prior to a sale or disposition of Reorganized Common Equity acquired by such exercise, including regarding FIRPTA reporting requirements to the IRS relating to such exercise and whether the exercise of the Subscription Rights or
disposition of Reorganized Common Equity may be subject to U.S. federal income tax if Reorganized Debtors are a USRPHC (as defined below) and the Non-U.S. Holder does not satisfy certain exceptions. 

(3) 

Distributions in Respect of Accrued but Unpaid Interest or OID

Subject to the discussion of backup withholding and FATCA (as defined below), payments to a Non-U.S.
Holder that are attributable to either (i) interest on (or OID accruals with respect to) debt received under the Plan, or (ii) accrued but untaxed interest on their Allowed Claim generally will qualify for the so-called portfolio interest exemption and, therefore, will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax, provided that the withholding agent has received or receives, prior to payment,
appropriate documentation (generally, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E) establishing that the
Non-U.S. Holder is not a U.S. person, unless: 

the Non-U.S. Holder actually or constructively owns ten percent (10%) or
more of the total combined voting power of all classes of the Reorganized Common Equity; 

the Non-U.S. Holder is a controlled foreign corporation that
is a related person with respect to the Debtors (each, within the meaning of the IRC); 

the Non-U.S. Holder is a bank receiving interest described in section
881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC; or 

such interest (or OID) is effectively connected with the conduct by the
Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the United States (in which case, provided the Non-U.S. Holder provides a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form) to the withholding agent), the Non-U.S. Holder (i) generally will not be subject to withholding tax, but (ii) will be subject to U.S.
federal income tax in the same manner as a U.S. Holder (unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise), and a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes may also be
subject to a branch profits tax with respect to such Non-U.S. Holders effectively connected earnings and profits that are attributable to the accrued but untaxed interest at a rate of thirty percent
(30%) (or at a reduced rate or exemption from tax under an applicable income tax treaty). 

88 

A Non-U.S. Holder that does not qualify for
exemption from withholding tax with respect to interest under the rules described above generally will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a thirty percent (30%) rate (or at a reduced rate or exemption from tax under an
applicable income tax treaty) on (i) interest on debt received under the Plan and (ii) payments that are attributable to accrued but untaxed interest on such Non-U.S. Holders Allowed Claim. For
purposes of providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, special procedures are provided under applicable Treasury
Regulations for payments through qualified foreign intermediaries or certain financial institutions that hold customers securities in the ordinary course of their trade or business. 

(4) 

Sale, Redemption, or Repurchase of Reorganized Common Equity

A Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to any gain
realized on the sale or other disposition (including a cash redemption) of the non-Cash consideration received under the Plan unless: 

such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States
for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition and certain other conditions are met; 

such gain is effectively connected with such Non-U.S. Holders
conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and if an income tax treaty applies, such gain is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States); or

in the case of the sale of Reorganized Common Equity, Reorganized Debtors (or a relevant successor thereto) are,
or have been during a specified testing period, a U.S. real property holding corporation (a USRPHC) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If the first exception applies, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax at a rate of thirty percent (30%) (or at a reduced rate or exemption from tax under an applicable income tax treaty) on the amount by which such Non-U.S. Holders capital gains allocable to U.S.
sources exceed capital losses allocable to U.S. sources during the taxable year of disposition. If the second exception applies, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax with
respect to such gain in the same manner as a U.S. Holder, and a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes may also be subject to a branch profits tax with respect to earnings
and profits effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business that are attributable to such gains at a rate of thirty percent (30%) (or at a reduced rate or exemption from tax under an applicable income tax treaty). 

If the third exception applies, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax on any gain recognized on the disposition of all or a portion of its Reorganized Common Equity under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (FIRPTA). Taxable gain from the
disposition of an interest in a USRPHC (generally equal to the difference between the amount realized and such Non-U.S.

89 

Holders adjusted tax basis in such interest) will constitute effectively connected income pursuant to the application of the second exception described above. Further, the buyer of the
Reorganized Common Equity will be required to withhold a tax equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the amount realized on the sale. The amount of any such withholding would be allowed as a credit against the
Non-U.S. Holders U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the Non-U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the
Non-U.S. Holder properly and timely files a tax return with the IRS. Special rules would apply if the Reorganized Common Equity were to be regularly traded on an established securities market. However, the
Debtors do not expect the Reorganized Common Equity to be regularly traded on an established securities market as of the Effective Date and have not determined whether the Reorganized Common Equity will be regularly traded on an established
securities market at any time after the Effective Date. 

In general, a corporation is a USRPHC as to a
Non-U.S. Holder if the fair market value of the corporations U.S. real property interests (as defined in the IRC and applicable Treasury Regulations) equals or exceeds fifty percent (50%) of the
aggregate fair market value of its worldwide real property interests and its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business (applying certain look-through rules to evaluate the assets of subsidiaries) at any time within the shorter of the
five-year period ending on the effective time of the applicable disposition by the Non-U.S. Holder or the period of time the Non-U.S. Holder held stock of such
corporation. The Debtors do not believe they currently are a USRPHC and do not expect that Reorganized Debtors will be a USRPHC on the Effective Date. 

(5) 

Dividends on Reorganized Common Equity

Any distributions made with respect to Reorganized Common Equity will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent
of Reorganized Debtors current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Unless Reorganized Debtors are considered a USRPHC (see discussion above), to the extent that a Non-U.S. Holder receives distributions that would otherwise constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes but that exceed such current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions will be
treated first as a non-taxable return of capital reducing the Non-U.S. Holders basis in its shares. Any such distributions in excess of a Non-U.S. Holders basis in its shares (determined on a share-by-share basis) generally will be treated as capital gain from a sale
or exchange (and the respective excess distributions as proceeds from a sale or exchange). 

Except as described below, dividends paid with
respect to Reorganized Common Equity held by a Non-U.S. Holder that are not effectively connected with a Non-U.S. Holders conduct of a U.S. trade or business
(or if an income tax treaty applies, are not attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by such non-U.S. Holder in the United States) will be subject to withholding at a rate of thirty percent (30%)
(or lower treaty rate or exemption from tax, if applicable). A Non-U.S. Holder generally will be required to satisfy certain IRS certification requirements in order to claim a reduction of or exemption from
withholding under a tax treaty by filing IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or a successor form) upon which the Non-U.S. Holder certifies, under penalties of perjury, its status as a non-U.S. person and its entitlement to the lower treaty rate or exemption from tax with respect to such
payments. Dividends paid with respect to Reorganized Common Equity held by a Non-U.S. Holder that are effectively connected with a Non-U.S. Holders conduct of a
U.S. trade or business (and if an income tax treaty applies, are 

90 

attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States) generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax in
the same manner as a U.S. Holder, and a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes may also be subject to a branch profits tax with respect to such Non-U.S. Holders effectively connected earnings and profits that are attributable to the dividends at a rate of thirty percent (30%) (or at a reduced rate or exemption from tax under an applicable income tax
treaty). 

If the Reorganized Debtors are considered a USRPHC, distributions to a Non-U.S. Holder
will generally be subject to withholding by Reorganized Debtors at a rate of fifteen percent (15%) to the extent they are not treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Exceptions to such withholding may also be available to the
extent a Non-U.S. Holder furnishes a certificate qualifying such Non-U.S. Holder for a reduction or exemption of withholding pursuant to applicable Treasury Regulations.

(6) 

FATCA

Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, guidance from the IRS and intergovernmental
agreements and subject to further guidance (FATCA), foreign financial institutions and certain other foreign entities must report certain information with respect to their U.S. account holders and investors or be subject to
withholding at a rate of thirty percent (30%) on the receipt of withholdable payments. For this purpose, withholdable payments are generally U.S. source payments of fixed or determinable, annual or periodical income
(including dividends and interest, if any, on shares of Reorganized Common Equity). FATCA withholding will apply even if the applicable payment would not otherwise be subject to U.S. federal nonresident withholding. 

Withholding with respect to the gross proceeds of a disposition of any stock, debt instrument, or other property that can produce U.S.-source
dividends or interest has been eliminated under proposed Treasury Regulations, which can be relied on until final regulations become effective. 

Each Non-U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the possible impact of these rules
on such Non-U.S. Holders ownership of the Claims, the Reorganized Common Equity, or the Subscription Rights. 

(d) 

Information Reporting and Withholding

The Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, Distribution Agent and applicable withholding agents will be required to withhold all amounts required by
law to be withheld from payments of interest and dividends, whether in connection with distributions under the Plan or in connection with payments made on account of consideration received pursuant to the Plan, and will comply with all applicable
information reporting requirements. In the case of a Non-U.S. Holder, the IRS may make the information returns reporting such interest and dividends and withholding available to the tax authorities in the
country in which such Non-U.S. Holder is resident. In general, information reporting requirements may apply to distributions or payments under the Plan. All distributions to holders of Allowed Claims under the
Plan are subject to any applicable tax withholding. Under U.S. federal income tax law, interest, dividends, and other reportable payments may, under certain circumstances, be subject to backup withholding at the then

91 

applicable withholding rate (currently twenty-four percent (24%)). Backup withholding generally applies if the holder (a) fails to furnish its social security number or other taxpayer
identification number, (b) furnishes an incorrect taxpayer identification number, (c) fails properly to report interest or dividends, or (d) under certain circumstances, fails to provide a certified statement, signed under penalty of
perjury, that the tax identification number provided is its correct number and that it is not subject to backup withholding (generally in the form of a properly executed IRS Form W-9 for a U.S. Holder, and,
for a Non-U.S. Holder, in the form of a properly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 (or otherwise establishes such Non-U.S.
Holders eligibility for an exemption). Backup withholding is not an additional tax but merely an advance payment, which may be refunded to the extent it results in an overpayment of tax. Certain persons are exempt from backup withholding,
including, in certain circumstances, corporations and financial institutions. Holders of Allowed Claims are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the Treasury Regulations governing backup withholding and whether the transactions contemplated
by the Plan would be subject to these Treasury Regulations. 

In addition, Treasury Regulations generally require disclosure by a taxpayer
on its U.S. federal income tax return of certain types of transactions in which the taxpayer participated, including, among other types of transactions, certain transactions that result in the taxpayer claiming a loss in excess of specified
thresholds. Holders of Claims subject to the Plan are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding these regulations and whether the transactions contemplated by the Plan would be subject to these regulations and require disclosure on the
holders tax returns. 

THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PLAN ARE COMPLEX. THE FOREGOING SUMMARY DOES NOT DISCUSS ALL
ASPECTS OF FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO A PARTICULAR HOLDER IN LIGHT OF SUCH HOLDERS CIRCUMSTANCES AND INCOME TAX SITUATION. ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND EQUITY INTERESTS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE
PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE PLAN, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AND OF ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE TAX LAWS.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

92 

ARTICLE X 

CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION 

The Debtors believe that Confirmation and Consummation of the Plan is preferable to all other alternatives. Consequently, the Debtors urge all
Holders of Claims or Interests entitled to vote with respect to the Plan and to evidence such acceptance by returning their ballots so they will be received by the Solicitation Agent no later than 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Central Time) on April 9,
2025. 

Dated: March 4, 2025 

Respectfully submitted,

Cutera, Inc.

(on behalf of itself and its affiliated Debtors)

By: 

/s/ Taylor Harris

Name: Taylor Harris

Title: Chief Executive Officer

93 

Prepared by: 

ROPES & GRAY LLP

Ryan Preston
Dahl (pro hac vice pending)

Conor P. McNamara (pro hac vice pending)

191 North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor

Chicago, IL 60606

Telephone: (312) 845-1200

Facsimile: (312) 845-5500

Email: ryan.dahl@ropesgray.com

conor.mcnamara@ropesgray.com

Natasha S. Hwangpo (pro hac vice pending)

1211 Avenue of
the Americas

New York, New York 10036

Telephone: (212) 596-9000

Facsimile: (212) 596-9090

E-mail: natasha.hwangpo@ropesgray.com

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and
Debtors in Possession 

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP

Timothy A.
(Tad) Davidson II (TX Bar No. 24012503

Phillip M. Guffy (TX Bar No. 24113705)

Catherine A. Rankin (TX Bar No. 24066008)

600 Travis
Street

Suite 4200

Houston, Texas 77002

Telephone: (713) 220-4200

Email: TadDavidson@hunton.com

PhillipGuffy@hunton.com

CatherineRankin@hunton.com

Proposed Co-Counsel to the Debtors and Debtors in Possession

1 

EXHIBIT A 

Plan 

EXHIBIT B 

Restructuring Support Agreement 

EXHIBIT C 

Liquidation Analysis 

Liquidation Analysis1

A. 

Introduction

Often referred to as the best interests of creditors test, section 1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code requires that the Bankruptcy
Court find, as a condition to Confirmation of the Plan, that each Holder of an impaired Claim or Interest must either (a) accept the Plan or (b) receive or retain under the Plan property of a value, as of the Effective Date, that is not
less than the value such non-accepting Holder would receive or retain if the Debtors assets were to be liquidated under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code on the Effective Date. In analyzing whether the
best interests of creditors test has been met, the dollar amount that would be generated from a hypothetical liquidation of the Debtors assets in a chapter 7 proceeding must be determined. 

This hypothetical liquidation analysis (Liquidation Analysis) was prepared by the Debtors and their advisors, and
represents the Debtors best estimate of the cash proceeds, net of liquidation-related costs, which would be available for distribution to the Holders of Claims and Interests if the Debtors assets were to be liquidated pursuant to a
hypothetical chapter 7 liquidation. 

The Liquidation Analysis sets forth an estimated range of recovery values for each Class of
Claims and Interests upon disposition of assets pursuant to a hypothetical chapter 7 liquidation. As illustrated by this Liquidation Analysis, Holders of Claims or Interests in Impaired Classes and Holders of Claims in certain Unimpaired Classes
that would receive a full recovery under the Plan would receive a lower recovery in a hypothetical liquidation than they would under the Plan. Further, no Holder of a Claim or Interest would receive or retain property under the Plan of a value that
is less than such Holder would receive in a chapter 7 liquidation. Accordingly, and as set forth in greater detail below, the Debtors believe that the Plan satisfies the best interests of creditors test set forth in section 1129(a)(7) of
the Bankruptcy Code. 

To conduct the Liquidation Analysis, the Debtors and their advisors have: 

estimated the cash proceeds (the Liquidation Proceeds) that a chapter 7 trustee (the
Trustee) would generate if each Debtors Chapter 11 Case were converted to a chapter 7 case and the assets of such Debtors Estate were liquidated or sold; 

determined the distribution (the Liquidation Distribution) that each Holder of a Claim or
Interest would receive from the Liquidation Proceeds under the priority scheme dictated in chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code; and 

1 

Capitalized terms used by not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Cutera, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors (as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, and including all exhibits and supplements
thereto, the Disclosure Statement), to which this Liquidation Analysis is attached as Exhibit C, or the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Cutera, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors (as may be
amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, and including all exhibits and supplements thereto, the Plan), attached as Exhibit A to the Disclosure Statement. 

-2- 

compared each Holders Liquidation Distribution to the estimated distribution under the Plan (the
Plan Distribution) that such Holder would receive if the Plan were confirmed and consummated. 

As the
Liquidation Analysis is a hypothetical analysis based on certain assumptions, certain aspects may vary from the Plan, as discussed in the Disclosure Statement, including asset values. The Liquidation Analysis is based upon certain estimates and
assumptions discussed herein and in the Disclosure Statement, which should be read in conjunction with the Liquidation Analysis. 

THE INFORMATION SET
FORTH IN THIS LIQUIDATION ANALYSIS IS SUBJECT TO MODIFICATION AND SUPPLEMENTATION BY THE DEBTORS AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO THE CONFIRMATION HEARING. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE VALUES REFLECTED IN THE LIQUIDATION ANALYSIS WOULD BE REALIZED IF THE
DEBTORS WERE, IN FACT, TO UNDERGO SUCH A LIQUIDATION UNDER CHAPTER 7 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, AND ACTUAL RESULTS COULD VARY MATERIALLY FROM THOSE ESTIMATED HERE. 

B. 

Basis of Presentation

The Liquidation Analysis has been prepared assuming that the Debtors hypothetically converted their Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7
of the Bankruptcy Code on or about April 3, 2025 (the Conversion Date). The Debtors assume the Conversion Date to be a reasonable proxy for the date by which the Debtors would elect to convert to a chapter 7 liquidation The
values referenced herein are as of December 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted. The Liquidation Analysis was prepared on an entity-by-entity basis and summarized into
a consolidated report. Asset recoveries accrue first to satisfy Claims at the legal entity level. To the extent any remaining value exists, it flows to each individual entitys parent organization or appropriate shareholder. 

The Liquidation Analysis represents an estimate of recovery values and percentages based on a hypothetical liquidation if a chapter 7 trustee
were appointed by the Bankruptcy Court to convert assets into Cash. The determination of the hypothetical proceeds from the liquidation of assets is a highly uncertain process involving the extensive use of estimates and assumptions that, although
considered reasonable by the Debtors Management and their advisors, are inherently subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties, and contingencies beyond the control of the Debtors and their management team.
Inevitably, some assumptions in the Liquidation Analysis may not materialize in an actual chapter 7 liquidation, if one were to occur, and unanticipated events and circumstances could materially affect the ultimate results in an actual chapter 7
liquidation, if one were to occur. 

The Liquidation Analysis was prepared for the sole purpose of generating a reasonable, good faith
estimate of the proceeds that would be generated if the Debtors assets were liquidated in accordance with chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Liquidation Analysis is not intended and should not be used for any other purpose. The underlying
financial information in the Liquidation Analysis and values stated herein have not been subject to any review, compilation, or audit by any independent accounting firm. As a result, the value of the Debtors assets in a liquidation scenario is
uncertain and could vary significantly from the values set forth in the Liquidation Analysis. In addition, the actual amount of Claims that would ultimately be Allowed against the Debtors Estates could vary significantly from the estimates
stated herein, depending on the nature and amount of Claims asserted during the pendency of the chapter 7 case. 

-3- 

To estimate the liquidation proceeds, the Liquidation Analysis assumes that the Debtors and
their non-Debtor subsidiaries, utilizing their resources and necessary third-party advisors, are wound down during a
two-to-four-month wind-down period (the Liquidation Period), during which the assets of the Debtors and their
non-Debtor subsidiaries are sold in a straight liquidation through an accelerated sale process. There can be no assurance that the liquidation would be completed in the Liquidation Period, nor is there any
assurance that the recoveries assigned to the assets would in fact be realized. The Liquidation Analysis is also based on the assumptions that: (i) the Debtors have continued access to cash collateral (as encumbered by the debtor-in-possession financing) during the Liquidation Period to fund certain Wind-Down Expenses (as defined below) and (ii) certain key personnel needed to wind down the
Estates (e.g., operations, accounting, finance, etc.) continue. Liquidation proceeds available for distribution to Holders of Claims and Interests would consist of proceeds net of these costs. 

The Liquidation Analysis includes an estimate of the taxes due from the sale of the Debtors inventory but may exclude certain additional
federal and state tax consequences that may be triggered upon the liquidation in the manner described above. Such tax consequences may be material. In addition, the Liquidation Analysis does not include recoveries resulting from any potential
preference, fraudulent transfer, or other litigation or avoidance actions, which may be material. 

In preparing the Liquidation Analysis,
the Debtors and their advisors estimated Allowed Claims based upon a review of the Debtors financial statements to account for other known liabilities, as necessary. In addition, the Liquidation Analysis includes estimates for Claims not
currently asserted against the Debtors, but which could be asserted and Allowed in a chapter 7 liquidation, including chapter 7 administrative claims such as wind-down costs, Trustee fees, lease and contract rejection claims, and other expenses
related to the wind-down process (together, the Wind-Down Expenses). To date, the Bankruptcy Court has not estimated or otherwise fixed the total amount of Allowed Claims used for purposes of preparing this Liquidation Analysis.
Therefore, the Debtors estimate of Allowed Claims set forth in the Liquidation Analysis should not be relied on for any other purpose, including determining the value of any distribution to be made on account of Allowed Claims and Interests
under the Plan. 

NOTHING CONTAINED IN THE LIQUIDATION ANALYSIS IS INTENDED TO BE OR CONSTITUTES A CONCESSION OR ADMISSION OF THE DEBTORS. THE ACTUAL
AMOUNT OR PRIORITY OF ALLOWED CLAIMS IN THE CHAPTER 11 CASES COULD MATERIALLY DIFFER FROM THE ESTIMATED AMOUNTS SET FORTH IN THE LIQUIDATION ANALYSIS. 

C. 

Liquidation Process

The Debtors hypothetical liquidation would be conducted pursuant to chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, with the Trustee managing the
Estates to maximize recovery in an expedited process. The Trustees initial step would be to develop a liquidation plan to generate proceeds from the sale of entity-specific assets for distribution to creditors. The three major components of
the liquidation are as follows: 

-4- 

1. 

Generation of Cash proceeds: 

Collection of customer proceeds associated with items already reflected in accounts receivable as of the
Conversion Date. 

Liquidation of inventory and Property, Plant, & Equipment (the PP&E) assets owned by
the Company. 

2. 

Costs related to the liquidation process, including Wind-Down Expenses, corporate expenses (e.g., utilities,
rent, etc.), employee salary and retention payments, and other costs. 

3. 

Distribution of net proceeds generated from asset sales to Holders of Claims and Interests in accordance with
the priority scheme under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

D. 

Distribution of Net Proceeds to Claimants

Any available net proceeds would be allocated to Holders of Claims against the Debtors in accordance with section 726 of the Bankruptcy Code,
the priority scheme applicable in a chapter 7 proceeding. 

Professional fees, Trustee fees, administrative expenses, priority Claims, and
other such Claims that may arise in a liquidation scenario would have to be fully paid from the Liquidation Proceeds before any proceeds are made available to Holders of unsecured claims. Under the priority scheme dictated in chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code, no junior creditor would receive any distributions until all senior creditors are paid in full, and no equity holder would receive any distribution until all creditors are paid in full. The assumed distributions to creditors as
reflected in this Liquidation Analysis are estimated in accordance with the priority scheme dictated in chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, as follows: 

1. 

Wind Down Expenses the Wind-Down Expenses and other costs related to winding down business
operations, including estimated Trustee fees and certain other professional and broker fees, among additional wind-down costs. 

2. 

Debtor-in-Possession
Financing the $25 million, new-money, super-priority secured term loan debtor in possession financing facility (the DIP Facility) evidenced by the DIP Credit Agreement. The
DIP Facility is assumed to be drawn to $25 million. Claims assume all interest is paid current and the principal balance (including all capitalized fees) is paid from liquidation proceeds. 

3. 

Administrative and Other Priority Claims include, but are not limited to, (i) Priority Tax
Claims, (ii) employee costs (accrued payroll as well as amounts owed under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act (WARN Liability)), (iii) post-petition trade claims and
(iv) professional fee claims. 

-5- 

4. 

Senior Notes Claims Senior Notes Claims are unsecured claims arising under the Senior Notes. All
Claims are assumed to include accrued interest as of the Petition Date. 

5. 

General Unsecured Claims General Unsecured Claims include, but are not limited to, (i) pre-petition trade Claims, (ii) lease and contract rejection Claims, (iii) pre-petition ordinary course professionals, (iv) Intercompany Claims, and
(v) other unsecured Claims. 

E. 

Conclusion

The Debtors have determined, as summarized in the following analysis, upon the Effective Date, the Plan will provide all Holders of Claims and
Interests with a recovery (if any) that is not less than what such Holders would receive pursuant to a liquidation of the Debtors under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, and as such believe that the Plan satisfies the requirement of section
1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

-6- 

Summary of Projected Claims and Recoveries 

The following tables compare estimated recoveries under low, mid, and high scenarios of the Liquidation Analysis versus estimated recoveries
under the Plan. 

Class 

Designation Treatment Claim Amount

$ thousands Estimated

Plan Recovery Estimated

Liquidation Recovery 

1 Other Secured Claims Unimpaired $ 28,081 100.0 % 100.0 % 

2 Other Priority Claims Unimpaired 18,614 100.0 % 54.4 % 

3 Senior Notes Claims Impaired 432,457 12.8 % 0 % 

4 General Unsecured Claims Unimpaired 9,056 100.0 % 0 % 

5 Intercompany Claims Unimpaired / Impaired 8,139 0 % 0 % 

6 Intercompany Interests Unimpaired / Impaired N/A 0 % 0 % 

6 Existing Common Interests Impaired N/A 0 % 0 % 

7 Section 510(b) Claims Impaired N/A 0 % 0 % 

Claims Recovery Summary 

$ in thousands 

Recovery (%) Recovery ($) 

Claim Value Est. Plan Recovery Low Mid High Low Mid High 

Net Distributable Value $ 34,942 $ 38,198 $ 41,060 

Superpriority Claims: 

DIP Facility $ 28,081 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % $ 28,081 $ 28,081 $ 28,081 

Total Superpriority Claims $ 28,081 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % $ 28,081 $ 28,081 $ 28,081 

Remaining Distributable Value after Superpriority Claims 

$ 6,861 $ 10,117 $ 12,979 

Administrative & Other Priority Claims: 

Administrative Claims $ 11,746 100.0 % 36.9 % 54.4 % 69.7 % $ 4,329 $ 6,384 $ 8,190 

Priority Tax Claims 1,118 100.0 % 36.9 % 54.4 % 69.7 % 412 608 780 

Professional Fee Claims 5,750 100.0 % 36.9 % 54.4 % 69.7 % 2,119 3,125 4,009 

Statutory Fees % % % % 

Total Administrative & Other Priority Claims $ 18,614 100.0 % 36.9 % 54.4 % 69.7 % $ 6,861 $ 10,117 $ 12,979 

Remaining Distributable Value after Administrative & Other Priority
Claims 

$ $ $ 

Senior Notes Claims: 

2.25% Convertible Notes due 2026 $ 69,851 12.8 % % % % $ $ $ 

2.25% Convertible Notes due 2028 241,380 12.8 % % % % 

4.00% Convertible Notes due 2029 121,227 12.8 % % % % 

Senior Notes Claims $ 432,457 12.8 % % % % $ $ $ 

General Unsecured Claims: 

GUC Pool $ 5,652 100.0 % % % % $ $ $ 

Lease Rejection Claim 2,923 100.0 % % % % 

PPP Loan 480 100.0 % % % % 

Intercompany Claims 8,139 100.0 % % % % 

Total General Unsecured Claims $ 17,195 100.0 % % % % $ $ $ 

-7- 

Liquidation Analysis 

The following Liquidation Analysis was prepared on an
entity-by-entity basis for all Debtors. The following tables provide a summary of this analysis for each of the Debtor entities.2 The Liquidation Analysis should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the associated notes. 

Liquidation Analysis - Cutera, Inc. 

$ in thousands

Recovery (%) Recovery ($) 

Gross Liquidation Proceeds Asset Value Low Mid High Low Mid High 

Cash & Cash Equivalents $ 24,474 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % $ 24,474 $ 24,474 $ 24,474 

Accounts Receivable 32,491 22.3 % 24.0 % 25.6 % 7,258 7,785 8,312 

Inventory, Gross (Net of Obsolescence) 112,858 3.7 % 7.8 % 11.9 % 4,137 8,790 13,443 

Other Current Assets & Prepaid Expenses 12,914 7.7 % 8.9 % 10.1 % 1,000 1,149 1,298 

Restricted Cash 1,432 61.1 % 61.1 % 61.1 % 875 875 875 

Plant, Property & Equipment, net 20,466 0.9 % 1.4 % 1.8 % 186 278 371 

Goodwill 852 % % % 

Operating Lease
Right-of-Use Assets 9,790 % % % 

Other Long-Term Assets 6,263 % % % 

Intercompany Receivables 1,140 56.8 % 57.4 % 58.0 % 647 654 661 

Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries N/A N/A N/A N/A 1,872 1,914 1,955 

Total Liquidation Proceeds [A] $ 222,680 18.2 % 20.6 % 23.1 % $ 40,450 $ 45,919 $ 51,389 

Wind-Down Expenses 

Wind-Down Costs $ 4,055 $ 5,604 $ 7,548 

Chapter 7 Trustee Fees 453 617 781 

Chapter 7 Professional and Broker Fees 1,000 1,500 2,000 

Total Liquidation Costs [B] $ 5,508 $ 7,721 $ 10,329 

Net Distributable Value [A] [B] $ 34,942 $ 38,198 $ 41,060 

Liquidation Analysis - Crystal Sub, LLC

$ in thousands 

Recovery (%) Recovery ($) 

Gross Liquidation Proceeds Asset Value Low Mid High Low Mid High 

Cash & Cash Equivalents $ % % % $ $ $ 

Accounts Receivable % % % 

Inventory, Gross (Net of Obsolescence) % % % 

Other Current Assets & Prepaid Expenses % % % 

Restricted Cash % % % 

Plant, Property & Equipment, net % % % 

Goodwill % % % 

Operating Lease
Right-of-Use Assets % % % 

Other Long-Term Assets % % % 

Intercompany Receivables % % % 

Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries % % % 

Total Liquidation Proceeds [A] $ % % % $ $ $ 

Wind-Down Expenses 

Wind-Down Costs $ $ $ 

Chapter 7 Trustee Fees 

Chapter 7 Professional and Broker Fees 

Total Liquidation Costs [B] $ $ $ 

Net Distributable Value [A] [B] $ $ $ 

2 

Crystal Sub, LLC cash balance assumed to be used to fund escrow and is therefore estimated to be $0 as of the
Conversion Date 

-8- 

Notes to the Liquidation Analysis 

Total Liquidation Proceeds. Each liquidating entity will seek to recover the value of its assets consistent with the process described
above. The total amount collected at each liquidating entity is based on other assumptions further described below. Realizable recovery rates presented in these notes below were determined by the Debtors, in consultation with their advisors, and
reflect values deemed reasonable in light of parties review of the underlying data and their collective experience and expertise in the medical devices industry. 

1. 

The Liquidation Analysis assumes the Debtors enter Chapter 7 on or about the Conversion Date of April 3,
2025. 

2. 

The Liquidation Analysis is based on the liquidation of individual legal entity assets. The consolidated
waterfall shown in this analysis is a summary based on an aggregation of each Debtors Claims and recoveries. 

3. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the recoverable value for each asset is calculated based on each assets value
as recorded on the Debtors balance sheet and as of December 31, 2024, adjusted for the corresponding recovery estimate, for which additional commentary is provided below. The aggregation of all calculated recoverable asset value (the
Total Liquidation Proceeds) is then used as the starting point for each Debtor Entitys recovery waterfall. 

Specific Notes to the Liquidation Analysis 

1. 

Unrestricted Cash

a. 

The projected amount of cash is based on the Approved Budget as of the Conversion Date, inclusive of
$25 million of assumed proceeds from the DIP Facility. The Debtors estimate approximately $24 million of cash, pro forma for the funding of the Professional Fee Escrow Account, upon conversion to a chapter 7 liquidation at the assumed
Conversion Date. 

b. 

Consists of Cash held in bank accounts, and excludes amounts carved out to satisfy Professional Fee Claims in
accordance with the proposed Interim DIP Order. 

c. 

All projected Cash is assumed to be fully recoverable in all scenarios. 

2. 

Accounts Receivable

a. 

Accounts receivable consist of sales invoiced to customers but where payment has yet to be received. Balances
are based on the Debtors estimated gross balance (before any allowance for doubtful accounts or other similar reserve) as of February 24, 2025. 

-9- 

b. 

The Debtors have accounts receivable equal to $32.5 million and there is anticipated to be an aggregate
recovery rate of 22% to 26% with recovery rates on individual claims ranging from 85% to 0%, depending on the claims age. 

3. 

Inventory

a. 

Inventory balances are based on the Debtors estimated balance as of December 31, 2024, and reflect
the Debtors gross asset values less items assumed to be obsolete. 

b. 

Inventory balances primarily consist of raw materials, work-in-process (WIP), finished goods, and demonstration products. Within these categories, inventory is grouped by product family with different recovery assumptions for each grouping.

c. 

For inventory related to Secret products, inventory is assumed to be purchased by resellers,
competitors, and/or customers. Given the IP for this product line is owned by a third party, there would likely be continued support for this product line and, therefore, a market for the inventory to be bought at a significant discount to book
value. As such, recovery for the Secret product line is assumed to be 15% to 25% in all categories other than WIP, for which there is expected to be no recovery. 

d. 

For inventory related to AviClear and truSculpt products, given their proprietary nature and the
digital consumable required to enable their ongoing operation, these products are assumed to be discontinued in a rapid liquidation. As a result, there is no recovery given to WIP, finished goods, or demonstration inventory across these
products, and nominal recovery (0% to 10%) given to raw materials. 

e. 

Inventory related to all other products is estimated to have a nominal recovery lower than that of the
Secret product line at 5% to 15% except for WIP which is assumed to have no recovery. 

f. 

The Debtors have inventory balances equal to $112.9 million and there is an anticipated blended recovery
rate of 4% to 12%. The estimated recovery rate on (i) raw materials is 3% to 13%, (ii) work-in-process is 0%, (iii) finished goods is 6% to 11%, and
(iv) demonstration products is 5% to 11%. 

4. 

Other Current Assets and Prepaid Expenses

a. 

Other current assets & prepaid expenses consist of deposits with vendors, prepayments, and sales tax
and VAT receivables. 

b. 

The Debtors have other current assets & prepaid expenses equal to $12.9 million and there is an
anticipated total recovery rate of 8% to 10%. The estimated recovery rate on VAT receivables is 100%. For the remaining assets, minimal recoveries of 0% to 5% are assumed given the limited ability of the Debtors to recover funds from counterparties.

-10- 

5. 

Restricted Cash

a. 

Restricted cash balance is comprised of a loss pool for vendor defaults and a reserve pool held for credit card
chargebacks. 

b. 

The Debtors have restricted cash equal to $1.4 million and there is an anticipated recovery rate of 61%.
This comprises a 100% assumed recovery rate for the reserve pool held at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in the account ending in 0248 and 0% recovery rate for the loss pool for vendor defaults. 

6. 

Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net

a. 

The Debtors PP&E primarily includes machinery and equipment, AviClear devices, office
equipment and furniture, leasehold improvements, assets under construction and other. 

b. 

Machinery and equipment is assumed to have a 10% to 20% recovery rate. 

c. 

AviClear devices are assumed to have a 0% recovery rate, consistent with AviClear devices
classified as inventory. 

d. 

Office equipment and furniture is assumed to have a 5% to 10% recovery rate. 

e. 

Assets under construction are assumed to have no recovery. 

f. 

Leasehold improvements and other are assumed to have no recovery. 

g. 

The Debtors have PP&E balances equal to $20.5 million and there is an aggregate estimated recovery
rate of 0.9% to 1.8%. 

7. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

a. 

The Debtors have goodwill of $0.9 million and there is assumed to be no recoverable value.

8. 

Operating Lease Right of Use Assets

a. 

The Debtors have operating lease
right-of-use assets of $9.8 million and there is no recovery predicted for this category as all leases are predicted to be rejected during the Debtors
wind-down. 

9. 

Other Long-Term Assets

a. 

Other long-term assets consist of capitalized expenses. 

b. 

The Debtors have other long-term assets of $6.3 million and there is no anticipated recovery.

-11- 

10. 

Intercompany Receivables

a. 

Reflects the net recoverable value, if any, from intercompany receivables owed to the Debtor.

b. 

The Debtors have intercompany receivables of $1.1 million and they have an aggregate estimated recovery
rate of 57% to 58%. 

11. 

Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries

a. 

This Liquidation Analysis assumes the non-debtor, international
subsidiaries also liquidate as part of this process given that key central functions supporting the non-debtors will be eliminated as part of the winddown and the
non-debtors cannot operate as stand alone businesses. 

b. 

Reflects the net recoverable value, if any, from the liquidation of foreign subsidiaries. Foreign subsidiary
liquidation value is assumed to equal cash plus assumed account receivable collections less intercompany liabilities, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and deferred revenue (all of which are assumed to have equal claims on available value).

c. 

Accounts receivable balances at foreign subsidiaries are assumed to have a 15% to 25% recovery rate.

Liquidation Costs 

1. 

Wind-Down Expenses

a. 

The Liquidation Period includes personnel expenses for certain of the Companys employees, who will assist
the Trustee in winding down the Estates. The Liquidation Period is projected to take two to four months and employees receive their prorated annual salary plus a retention bonus equal to 25% of their monthly salary per month worked.

b. 

The Liquidation Analysis includes an estimate of non-personnel costs,
including rent, utilities, and office expenses to support the wind-down process. 

2. 

Chapter 7 Trustee

a. 

In accordance with section 326 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Liquidation Analysis assumes the Trustee receives 3%
of Total Liquidation Proceeds, excluding cash. 

3. 

Chapter 7 Professional Fees

a. 

Professional fees in chapter 7 include costs for professionals engaged by the Trustee after the Conversion Date
and may include legal counsel, financial advisors, liquidators, and other professionals. 

b. 

The Liquidation Analysis includes an estimate of $1 million to $2 million for professional fees and
broker fees. 

-12- 

Claims 

Proceeds to External Creditors: After the payment of the Wind-Down Expenses, the Debtors and non-Debtor
affiliates will proceed to distribute any remaining proceeds to external and internal creditors in accordance with their relative payment priorities. 

1. 

Superpriority Claims

In USD 000s 

Superpriority Claims: 

DIP Facility $ 28,081 

Total Superpriority Claims $ 28,081 

a. 

Superpriority Claims include $28 million on account of the DIP Facility, comprised of $27 million
principal balance and ~$783,000 of interest. 

b. 

The DIP Facility is expected to have 100% recovery. 

2. 

Administrative and Other Priority Claims

In USD 000s 

Administrative & Other Priority Claims: 

Administrative Claims $ 11,746 

Priority Tax Claims 1,118 

Professional Fee Claims 5,750 

Statutory Fees 

Total Administrative & Other Priority Claims $ 18,614 

a. 

Administrative claims are estimated to be $11.7 million and consist of employee costs (accrued payroll and
WARN liability) and post-petition trade claims. Accrued payroll and WARN Liability claims are the estimated payroll expenses accrued but not paid by the Debtor prior to the Conversion Date, as well as the estimated WARN Liability incurred on account
of a conversion to a Chapter 7 liquidation. Accrued payroll and WARN Liability claims are estimated to be $8.3 million as of the Conversion Date. Postpetition trade claims are the estimated outstanding costs and expenses incurred on or after
the Petition Date through the Conversion Date to preserve the Debtors Estates and operate the Debtors businesses. Postpetition trade claims are estimated to be $3.4 million as of the Conversion Date. 

-13- 

b. 

Priority Tax Claims consist of any Claim of a Governmental Unit as of the Conversion Date.

c. 

Professional fee claims represent due and unpaid fees due to advisors and are estimated to be $5.8 million
as of the Conversion Date. 

d. 

Administrative and Other Priority Claims are expected to have 36.9% to 69.7% recovery. 

3. 

Senior Notes Claims

In USD 000s 

Existing Unsecured Convertible Notes Claims: 

2.25% Convertible Notes due 2026 $ 69,851 

2.25% Convertible Notes due 2028 241,380 

4.00% Convertible Notes due 2029 121,227 

Total Unsecured Convertible Notes Claims $ 432,457 

a. 

All Senior Notes Claims include estimated accrued interest as of the Petition Date. 

b. 

All Senior Notes Claims are expected to have 0% recovery. 

4. 

General Unsecured Claims

In USD 000s 

General Unsecured Claims: 

GUC Pool $ 5,652 

Lease Rejection Claim 2,923 

PPP Loan 480 

Intercompany Claims 8,139 

Total General Unsecured Claims $ 17,195 

a. 

General Unsecured Claims include, but are not limited to, (i) prepetition trade Claims (GUC Pool), (ii)
lease rejection Claims, (iii) outstanding PPP loan, and (iv) Intercompany Claims. 

b. 

All General Unsecured Claims are expected to have 0% recovery. 

-14- 

5. 

Intercompany Claims

a. 

Intercompany Claims include intercompany accounts payable to foreign,
non-Debtor, affiliated entities. 

b. 

Intercompany Claims are expected to have 0% recovery. 

6. 

Existing Common Interests

a. 

All Existing Common Interests are expected to have a 0% recovery under all scenarios. 

7. 

Section 510(b) Claims

a. 

All Section 510(b) Claims are expected to have a 0% recovery under all scenarios. 

-15- 

EXHIBIT D 

Financial Projections 

Financial Projections1

The financial projections (the Financial Projections) for the Debtors are based on the Debtors latest
budget for the year ended December 31, 2025, and long-term financial projections for years 2026 through 2029 (collectively, the Forecast Period), as informed by the current and projected conditions in each of the
Debtors markets and businesses. The Financial Projections have been prepared on a consolidated basis in sufficient detail to provide adequate information in accordance with section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

The Financial Projections were prepared by Management with the assistance of the Debtors advisors and are based on assumptions developed
by Management with respect to the future performance of the Debtors operations. Although Management prepared the Financial Projections in good faith and believes the assumptions to be reasonable, there can be no assurances that such
assumptions will be realized. Management continues to monitor industry results and reserves the right (but is under no obligation) to modify the Financial Projections to reflect, among other things, any revised assumptions regarding the overall
industry growth rate during the Forecast Period. As described in detail in the Disclosure Statement, a variety of risk factors could affect the Debtors financial results and must be considered. Accordingly, the Financial Projections should be
reviewed in conjunction with a review of the risk factors set forth in Article VI of the Disclosure Statement and the assumptions described herein, including all relevant qualifications and footnotes. 

The Debtors believe that the Plan meets the feasibility requirements set forth in section 1129(a)(11) of the Bankruptcy Code, as confirmation
of the Plan is not likely to be followed by a liquidation or the need for further financial reorganization of the Debtors or any successor under the Plan. In connection with the planning and development of the Plan and for the purposes of
determining whether the Plan would satisfy this feasibility standard, the Debtors analyzed their ability to satisfy their financial obligations while maintaining sufficient liquidity and capital resources to operate their business. 

The Financial Projections were not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission or guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. An independent auditor has not examined, compiled, or performed any
procedures with respect to the prospective financial information contained in this Exhibit and, accordingly, the Financial Projections do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the information contained herein or the attainability
of the Financial Projections. The Debtors independent auditor assumes no responsibility for, and denies any association with, the prospective financial information. 

1 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Cutera, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors (the Disclosure Statement). 

2 

Principal Assumptions for the Financial Projections 

The Financial Projections (i) have been prepared in good faith, (ii) are based on fully disclosed assumptions which, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, are reasonable, (iii) reflect the Debtors best currently available estimates, and (iv) reflect the good faith judgments of the Debtors. The Debtors do not offer an opinion as to the
attainability of the Financial Projections. 

The future financial performance of the Reorganized Debtors is contingent on various factors,
many of which are beyond the control or knowledge of the Debtors, and consequently, are inherently difficult to predict. The Reorganized Debtors actual future results may differ materially from the Financial Projections. SeeArticle
VI of the Disclosure Statement entitled Certain Factors to be Considered. In addition, the assumptions underlying the Financial Projections may not appropriately account for the uncertainty and disruption of the business that may
accompany a restructuring pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code. 

In deciding whether to vote to accept or reject the Plan, Holders of Claims
entitled to vote must make their own determinations as to the reasonableness of such assumptions and the reliability of the Financial Projections. SeeArticle VI of the Disclosure Statement entitled Certain Factors to be
Considered. 

Under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 852, Reorganizations, the Debtors note that the
Financial Projections reflect the operational emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, but not the impact of fresh-start accounting that may be required upon the Effective Date. Fresh-start accounting requires all assets, liabilities, and equity
instruments to be valued at fair value. The Financial Projections account for the reorganization and related transactions pursuant to the Plan. While the Debtors expect that they will be required to implement fresh-start accounting upon
emergence, they have not yet completed the work required to quantify the effect upon the Financial Projections, which could be material. 

THE DEBTORS DO
NOT, AS A MATTER OF COURSE, PUBLISH OR DISCLOSE THEIR FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS. ACCORDINGLY, THE DEBTORS DO NOT INTEND, AND DISCLAIM ANY OBLIGATION TO, (A) FURNISH UPDATED FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS TO HOLDERS OF CLAIMS OR INTERESTS AT ANY TIME IN THE
FUTURE, (B) INCLUDE UPDATED INFORMATION IN ANY DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE REQUIRED TO BE FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, OR (C) OTHERWISE MAKE UPDATED INFORMATION OR FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS PUBLICLY AVAILABLE. 

Safe Harbor Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

The Financial Projections contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act
and the Securities Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements in the Financial Projections include the intent, belief, or current expectations of the Debtors and Management with respect to the timing of, completion of, and scope of the current
restructuring, the Plan, the Debtors business plan, market conditions and the Debtors future liquidity, as well as the assumptions upon which such statements are based. 

3 

While the Debtors believe that the expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within
the bounds of their knowledge of their business and operations, parties-in-interest are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 

Select Risk Factors Related to the Financial Projections 

The Financial Projections are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond
Managements control. Many factors could cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. A description of
the risk factors associated with the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and the Financial Projections is included in Article VI of the Disclosure Statement. 

General Assumptions and Methodology 

The
Debtors Financial Projections, which are presented on a consolidated basis, were developed through a combination of Managements detailed 2025 budgeting process and higher-level projections for 2026-2029 incorporating Managements
view of annualized 2025 results and achievable long-term revenue and cost structure targets. 

Revenue for 2025 is based on
Managements annual budget and reflects recent performance trends and a detailed forecast for the year. For 2026-2029, revenue projections are forecasted by individual categories that include: (i) Core Capital (consisting of the sale of
products including excel V/V+ and the enlighten product suite, among others), (ii) AviClear Capital (consisting of the sale of AviClear units), (iii) Consumables, (iv) Service, and (v) Skincare. Specific
business drivers, including number of sales representatives, average representative productivity, average unit selling price, device utilization rates, and customer consumable usage, have been incorporated. 

Direct COGS (which includes costs directly tied to the production of products such as raw materials) in the Forecast Period are forecasted by
product using projected revenue and resultant implied unit sales. Indirect COGS (which includes costs supporting production such as overhead and utilities) for 2025 are forecasted by head (for personnel costs) or by general ledger account and
department based on historical experience (for non-personnel costs). Indirect COGS are forecast through 2026-2029 based on 2025 annualized levels and account for factors such as inflation and level of spend
needed to support sales targets. 

Operating expenses for 2025 are projected by head (for personnel costs) and by vendor (for non-personnel costs such as sales events, direct marketing, and audit, among others). For 2026-2029, these categories begin with 2025 annualized levels and are projected by Management incorporating factors such as
inflation and level of spend needed to support sales targets. 

4 

The Financial Projections consist of the following unaudited,
pro-forma projected financial statements: (i) consolidated income statement, (ii) consolidated balance sheet, and (iii) consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Projected Consolidated Income Statement & Select Assumptions2

Revenue: The Debtors revenues are derived from the sale of medical devices to dermatologists and other cosmetic practitioners worldwide. These
devices, and associated consumables, include laser- and energy-based machines for aesthetic uses such as body sculpting, hair removal, and acne treatment. The Company also generates a relatively small portion of revenue from post-warranty services
on its sold devices. 

Cost of Goods Sold (COGS): COGS primarily includes costs associated with purchasing parts and materials from
third parties, as well as labor costs and overhead expenses involved in the manufacturing process. 

Operating Expenses: Includes expenses related
to sales and marketing, finance, human resources, general and administrative costs, and research and development. 

Depreciation and Amortization
(D&A): Includes depreciation of existing PP&E and amortization of capitalized financing fees. 

Non-Recurring Expenses: Includes non-recurring and one-time expenses forecast to be incurred by the Debtors. 

Interest: Interest is based on the post-emergence
capital structure, as contemplated by the Plan, assumed to take effect on June 30, 2025. 

Adjusted EBITDA3: Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP metric utilized by Management to evaluate the operating performance of the business and excludes the impact of non-recurring expenses. 

Income Statement 

$ in millions 2H25E 2026E 2027E 2028E 2029E 

Revenue $ 79 $ 190 $ 236 $ 279 $ 312 

Cost of Goods Sold (45 ) (102 ) (116 ) (129 ) ($ 139 ) 

Gross Profit $ 34 $ 88 $ 120 $ 150 $ 173 

Operating Expenses (52 ) (110 ) (120 ) (129 ) (136 ) 

Adj. EBITDA ($ 18 ) ($ 22 ) $ 0 $ 20 $ 37 

Depreciation & Amortization (3 ) (5 ) (4 ) (5 ) (5 ) 

Non-Recurring Expenses (0 ) 

Interest Expense (2 ) (5 ) (5 ) (5 ) (5 ) 

Interest Income 1 1 1 1 1 

Net Income ($ 24 ) ($ 31 ) ($ 9 ) $ 12 $ 29 

2 

Projections assume no cash taxes through Forecast Period. 

3 

Operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, ERP implementation
costs, certain legal and litigation costs, severance, gain on early termination of distribution agreement, and other adjustments. 

5 

Projected Balance Sheet & Select Assumptions 

Accounts Receivable: Forecasted using the Debtors revenue projections and anticipated days sales outstanding based on expected collections and
convergence to target long-term days sales outstanding (DSO) levels, net of bad debt reserve. 

Inventory: Consists of raw materials as well as
finished and work-in-process goods and is forecasted based on current inventory levels and unit sale projections through the Forecast Period. 

Other Current Assets & Prepaid Expenses: Consists primarily of prepaid expenses, deposits with vendors, and foreign tax
receivables and is forecast to be unchanged throughout the Forecast Period. 

Property, Plant & Equipment, Net
(PP&E): Recorded at cost less annual accumulated depreciation and amortization and is forecast based on anticipated capital expenditures and depreciation schedules. No adjustment to property and equipment values has been made to
reflect fresh-start accounting. 

Deferred Tax Assets: Primarily reflect the Debtors accumulated net operating losses
(NOLs) and are assumed to be constant throughout the Forecast Period. 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets: Reflect the Debtors existing leases for office space and storage facilities and are forecast to be unchanged throughout the Forecast Period. 

Accounts Payable & Accrued Liabilities: Accounts Payable consist of accruals and invoices for goods and services provided to the
Debtor by its vendors. Accrued Liabilities consist of expenses the Debtor has incurred in the ordinary course of business but have not yet paid. These are forecast based on the Debtors target days payable outstanding (DPO). 

Operating Lease Liabilities: Reflects the contract value of the Debtors outstanding leases and are forecast to be unchanged throughout the
Forecast Period. 

Deferred Revenue: Represents revenue for which cash has been collected, but the corresponding device or service has not yet been
delivered and is forecast to be flat throughout the Forecast Period. 

Post-Emergence Capital Structure: Reorganized Debtors post-emergence
capital structure is assumed to consist of the Exit Facility and amounts outstanding under a loan received by the Debtors pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) in 2020. 

6 

Balance Sheet 

$ in millions 12/31/2025 12/31/2026 12/31/2027 12/31/2028 12/31/2029 

Assets 

Cash & Cash Equivalents $ 47 $ 37 $ 39 $ 52 $ 80 

Accounts Receivable, net 30 37 44 52 58 

Inventory 56 34 20 15 13 

Other Current Assets & Prepaid Expenses 15 15 15 15 15 

Total Current Assets $ 148 $ 123 $ 118 $ 134 $ 167 

PP&E $ 15 $ 12 $ 9 $ 5 $ 2 

Deferred Tax Assets 0 0 0 0 0 

Restricted Cash 1 1 1 1 1 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets 10 10 10 10 10 

Other Noncurrent Assets 7 7 7 7 7 

Total Noncurrent Assets $ 34 $ 31 $ 27 $ 24 $ 20 

Total Assets $ 182 $ 154 $ 146 $ 158 $ 188 

Liabilities 

Accounts Payable & Accrued Liabilities 40 39 40 40 41 

Operating Lease Liabilities (current portion) 4 4 4 4 4 

Deferred Revenue (current portion) 7 7 7 7 7 

Total Current Liabilities $ 50 $ 50 $ 51 $ 51 $ 51 

Deferred Revenue (noncurrent portion) $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 

Operating Lease Liabilities (noncurrent portion) 7 7 7 7 7 

Long-Term Debt, net of fees 38 41 41 41 41 

Other Long-Term Liabilities 1 1 1 1 1 

Total Noncurrent Liabilities $ 48 $ 51 $ 51 $ 51 $ 51 

Total Liabilities $ 98 $ 101 $ 102 $ 102 $ 103 

Total Shareholders Equity $ 84 $ 53 $ 44 $ 56 $ 85 

Total Liabilities & Shareholders Equity $ 182 $ 154 $ 146 $ 158 $ 188 

7 

Select Projected Cash Flow Statement Assumptions4

Change in Net Working Capital: Driven by changes in inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. 

Capital Expenditures: Management projects minimal capital expenditures going forward. 

Repayment of Debt: Proceeds and repayments are projected based on the terms of the capital structure contemplated by the Plan, including the Exit
Facility. 

Cash Flow Statement 

$ in millions 2H25E 2026E 2027E 2028E 2029E 

Net Income ($ 24 ) ($ 31 ) ($ 9 ) $ 12 $ 29 

(+) Depreciation & Amortization 3 5 4 5 5 

(+) PIK Interest 2 2 

(+) Other Non-Cash Items 2 2 1 1 1 

(+/) Change in Net Working Capital 10 13 6 (3 ) (5 ) 

Cash Flow from Operations ($ 6 ) ($ 9 ) $ 3 $ 14 $ 29 

Capital Expenditures ($ 0 ) ($ 1 ) ($ 1 ) ($ 1 ) ($ 1 ) 

Cash Flow from Investing ($ 0 ) ($ 1 ) ($ 1 ) ($ 1 ) ($ 1 )

Debt Paydown (0 ) (0 ) (0 ) (0 ) 

Cash Flow from Financing $ ($ 0 ) ($ 0 ) ($ 0 ) ($ 0 )

Net Change in Unrestricted Cash ($ 6 ) ($ 10 ) $ 2 $ 13 $ 28 

Unrestricted Cash, beginning of period $ 54 $ 47 $ 37 $ 39 $ 52 

Unrestricted Cash, end of period $ 47 $ 37 $ 39 $ 52 $ 80 

4 

Beginning cash balance for 2H25E reflects the Approved Budget (inclusive of restructuring costs), plus
$30 million in Equity Rights Offering proceeds, $25 million in DIP proceeds, and $10 million in delayed draw proceeds. 

8 

Exhibit E 

Valuation Analysis 

Valuation Analysis1

A. 

Disclaimer

THE ANALYSIS SET FORTH HEREIN REPRESENTS ESTIMATED VALUATION FOR THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS AND DOES NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT VALUES THAT COULD
BE ATTAINABLE IN THE PUBLIC OR PRIVATE MARKETS. THE VALUE OF THE REOGANIZED COMMON EQUITY DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE OR CONSTITUTE (I) AN ESTIMATE OF THE POST-REORGANIZATION MARKET VALUE OF THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS; (II) AN OPINION AS TO THE
FAIRNESS FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW OF THE CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED UNDER THE PLAN, THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, OR ANY RESTRUCTURING TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED UNDER THE PLAN OR OTHERWISE DESCRIBED THEREIN; OR (III) AN APPRAISAL
OF THE ASSETS OF THE REORGANIZED DEBTORS. 

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS NOT A PREDICTION OR GUARANTEE OF THE ACTUAL MARKET
VALUE THAT MAY BE REALIZED FROM ANY INDEBTEDNESS OR SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN. THE INFORMATION IS PRESENTED SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSE OF PROVIDING ADEQUATE INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 1125 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE TO ENABLE THE
HOLDERS OF CLAIMS ENTITLED TO VOTE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN TO MAKE AN INFORMED JUDGMENT ABOUT THE PLAN AND SHOULD NOT BE USED OR RELIED UPON FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE, INCLUDING THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF CLAIMS AGAINST THE DEBTORS OR ANY OF THEIR
AFFILIATES. 

B. 

Valuation Estimate

Solely for the purposes of the Plan, the Debtors directed their investment banker, Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. (Houlihan
Lokey), to estimate the going-concern value of the Reorganized Debtors (Enterprise Value). This analysis has been prepared for the Debtors sole use and is based on information provided to Houlihan Lokey by the
Debtors. The analysis herein reflects the combined assets and operations of all Debtors and non-Debtor subsidiaries of the Company. 

Based on financial projections provided by the Debtors a copy of which are attached to the Disclosure Statement as Exhibit D (the
Financial Projections) and subject to the disclaimers and the descriptions of Houlihan Lokeys methodology set forth herein, and solely for purposes of the Plan, Houlihan Lokey estimates the Enterprise Value of the
Reorganized Debtors will be within the range of approximately $80 million to $120 million on or around June 30, 2025 (the Assumed Effective Date), with an estimated midpoint of approximately $100 million. This
Valuation Analysis assumes that the Reorganized Debtors will have, as of the Assumed Effective Date, funded debt obligations of approximately $38 million (comprised of approximately $38 million 

1 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Disclosure Statement for the Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Cutera, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

-2- 

outstanding under the Exit Facility Term Loans and approximately $500,000 outstanding under the PPP loan), and excess cash of approximately $35 million inclusive of $30 million of
Equity Rights Offering proceeds. The range of total equity value (Equity Value), which takes into account the Enterprise Value less the estimated debt less excess cash outstanding as of the Assumed Effective Date,
was estimated by Houlihan Lokey to be between approximately $80 million and $120 million, with an estimated midpoint of approximately $100 million. The implied Enterprise Value of the Reorganized Debtors should be considered as a
whole, and the underlying analyses should not be considered indicative of the values of any individual operation of the Reorganized Debtors. 

In preparing the estimated Enterprise Value for the Reorganized Debtors, Houlihan Lokey: 

(i) 

reviewed certain historical financial information of the Debtors for recent years and interim periods provided
by the Debtors; 

(ii) 

reviewed certain internal financial and operating data of the Debtors relating to the business, such as
earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities, and other prospects, including the Financial Projections, which were prepared and provided to Houlihan Lokey by Management, and which relate to the Debtors business and its prospects;

(iii) 

met with certain members of Management to discuss the Debtors operations and future prospects;

(iv) 

reviewed publicly available financial data and market-implied valuation statistics of public companies deemed
by Houlihan Lokey to be potentially comparable to the operating businesses of the Debtors; 

(v) 

considered certain economic and industry information relevant to the Debtors operating businesses;

(vi) 

prepared discounted cash flow analyses based on the Financial Projections for 2H 2025 through 2029, utilizing
various discount rates and assumptions in the calculation of terminal values; 

(vii) 

considered the implied value of
change-of-control transactions undertaken by companies deemed by Houlihan Lokey to be potentially comparable to the operating business of the Debtors;

(viii) 

considered the market price of the Debtors securities; and 

(ix) 

conducted such other analyses as Houlihan Lokey deemed appropriate. 

Although Houlihan Lokey conducted a review and analysis of the Debtors business, operating assets and liabilities, and business plans,
Houlihan Lokey relied on the accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information furnished to it by the Debtors and by other firms retained by the Debtors, as well as certain publicly available information as to which Houlihan Lokey
does not have independent knowledge. 

-3- 

The Financial Projections provided by the Debtors to Houlihan Lokey are for the period from
2H 2025 through 2029 (the Projection Period). Houlihan Lokey has relied on the Debtors representation and warranty that the Financial Projections provided by the Debtors to Houlihan Lokey: (i) have been prepared in good
faith; (ii) are based on fully-disclosed assumptions that, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, are reasonable; (iii) reflect the Debtors best currently-available estimates; and (iv) reflect the good faith
judgments of the Debtors. Houlihan Lokey does not offer an opinion as to the attainability of the Financial Projections. The future results of the Reorganized Debtors are dependent upon various factors, many of which are beyond the control or
knowledge of the Debtors and, consequently, are inherently difficult to project. The Reorganized Debtors actual future results may differ materially (positively or negatively) from the Financial Projections and, as a result, the actual
Enterprise Value of the Reorganized Debtors may be significantly higher or lower than the estimated range herein. 

No independent
evaluations or appraisals of the Debtors assets were sought or obtained in connection with Houlihan Lokeys valuation. Houlihan Lokey did not conduct an independent investigation into any of the legal, tax, pension, or accounting matters
affecting the Debtors and therefore makes no representations as to their impact on the Debtors financial statements. 

C. 

Valuation Considerations

This valuation is based upon information available to, and analyses undertaken by, Houlihan Lokey as of June 30, 2025 (the
Assumed Valuation Date), and reflects, among other factors discussed below, the current financial market conditions and the inherent uncertainty today as to the achievement of the Financial Projections. The value of an operating
business is subject to uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult to predict and will fluctuate with changes in factors affecting the financial conditions and prospects of such a business. For purposes of this valuation, Houlihan Lokey has
assumed that no material changes that would affect value will occur between the date of this Disclosure Statement and the assumed Effective Date. Events and conditions subsequent to the Assumed Valuation Date, including but not limited to updated
projections, as well as other factors, could have a substantial impact upon the Reorganized Debtors value. Neither Houlihan Lokey nor the Debtors have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm the Enterprise Value. 

This valuation also reflects a number of assumptions, including a successful reorganization of the Debtors business and finances in a
timely manner, achieving the forecasts reflected in the Financial Projections, market conditions, the Reorganized Debtors capitalization and available cash as set forth further in the Plan and Disclosure Statement, and the Plan becoming
effective in accordance with its terms on a basis consistent with the estimates and other assumptions discussed herein. Among other things, failure to consummate the Plan in a timely manner may have a materially negative impact on the Enterprise
Value of the Reorganized Debtors. As discussed above, Houlihan Lokeys views are also necessarily based on economic, monetary, market, and other conditions as in effect on the Assumed Valuation Date. 

Further, the valuation of the Reorganized Common Equity to be issued upon the Assumed Effective Date is subject to additional uncertainties
and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict. Actual market prices of such securities at issuance will depend upon, among other things: (i) prevailing interest rates; (ii) conditions in the financial markets; (iii) the
anticipated initial securities holdings of prepetition creditors, some of whom may prefer to liquidate their investment rather than hold it on a long-term basis; and (iv) other factors that generally influence the prices of

-4- 

securities. Actual prices at which such securities can be sold also may be affected by the Chapter 11 Cases or by other factors not possible to predict. Accordingly, the Enterprise Value
ascribed in the analysis does not purport to be an estimate of the post-reorganization market trading value of the Reorganized Debtors or their securities. Such trading value may be materially different from the Enterprise Value ranges associated
with Houlihan Lokeys Valuation Analysis. The Reorganized Debtors are anticipated to be a private company that will not be obligated to file public reports or disclosures and the Reorganized Common Equity will not be listed on any securities
exchange. There can be no assurance that any trading market will develop for the Reorganized Common Equity. The estimated values for the Reorganized Debtors do not necessarily reflect the values that may be attainable in public or private markets.

The estimate of Enterprise Value set forth herein is not necessarily indicative of actual outcomes, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those set forth herein depending on the results of the Debtors operations or changes in the financial markets. Additionally, these estimates of value represent hypothetical enterprise and equity values of the Reorganized
Debtors as the continuing operator of the Debtors business and assets and do not purport to reflect or constitute appraisals, liquidation values, or estimates of the actual market value that may be realized through the sale of any securities
to be issued pursuant to the Plan, which may be significantly different than the amounts set forth herein. Such estimates were developed solely for purposes of formulation and negotiation of the Plan and analysis of implied relative recoveries to
creditors thereunder. The value of an operating business such as the Debtors business is subject to uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult to predict and will fluctuate with changes in factors affecting the financial condition and
prospects of such business. The estimated distributable value in this Valuation Analysis does not purport to constitute an appraisal or necessarily reflect the actual market value that might be realized through a sale or liquidation of the
Reorganized Debtors, their securities, or their assets, which may be materially higher or lower than the estimated distributable value range herein. 

Houlihan Lokeys estimated valuation range of the Reorganized Debtors does not constitute a recommendation to any Holder of Allowed
Claims as to how such person should vote or otherwise act with respect to the Plan. The estimated value of the Reorganized Debtors set forth herein does not constitute an opinion as to the solvency of the Debtors or the fairness from a financial
point of view to any person of the consideration to be received by such person under the Plan or of the terms and provisions of the Plan. Valuation estimates are inherently subject to uncertainties, and consequently, none of the Debtors, Houlihan
Lokey, or any other professional or person assumes responsibility for any differences between the estimated valuation ranges herein and any actual outcome. 

D. 

Valuation Methodology

In preparing its valuation, Houlihan Lokey performed a variety of financial analyses and considered a variety of factors. Houlihan Lokey
largely relied on three generally accepted valuation techniques: (i) Discounted Cash Flow Analysis (DCF), (ii) Comparable Public Company Analysis, and (iii) Precedent Transactions Analysis. 

-5- 

a. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

DCF analysis is a forward-looking enterprise valuation methodology that can be used to estimate the value of an asset or business by
calculating the present value of expected future cash flows generated by that asset or business. Under this methodology, projected future cash flows are discounted by the business weighted average cost of capital (the Discount
Rate). The Discount Rate reflects the estimated blended rate of return that would be required by debt and equity investors to invest in the business based on its capital structure and interest tax shield (if any). The Enterprise Value of
the firm is determined by calculating the present value of the unlevered after-tax free cash flows based on the Financial Projections provided by management plus an estimate for the value of the firm beyond
the Projection Period, known as the terminal value. 

b. 

Comparable Public Company Analysis

Comparable Public Company Analysis estimates the value of a company relative to other publicly traded companies with similar operating and
financial characteristics. A set of publicly traded companies was selected based on similar business and financial characteristics to the Reorganized Debtors. Criteria for the selected reference group included, among other relevant characteristics,
similarity in industry, product type, end customers, operations, business risk, and growth prospects. The selected reference group may not be comparable to the Reorganized Debtors in all aspects and may differ materially in others. Under this
methodology, certain financial multiples that measure financial performance and value are calculated for each selected company and then applied to the Reorganized Debtors financials to imply an enterprise value for the Reorganized Debtors.
Houlihan Lokey used, among other measures, enterprise value for each selected company as a multiple of such companys publicly available consensus projected revenue for 2025. 

The Comparable Public Company methodology has several limitations in this instance, including a limited universe of publicly traded peers,
none of which is a perfect comparable with the exact same operating and financial characteristics to the Reorganized Debtors, as described above. 

c. 

Precedent Transaction Analysis

Precedent Transaction Analysis is based on the implied enterprise values of companies and assets involved in publicly disclosed merger and
acquisition transactions for which the targets had operating and financial characteristics comparable in certain respects to the Reorganized Debtors. Under this methodology, a multiple is derived using the enterprise value of each such target,
calculated as the consideration paid and the net debt assumed in the selected precedent transaction relative to a financial metric, in this case revenue for the prior twelve-months from when the transaction occurred. 

* * * 

The summary herein does
not purport to be a complete description of the analyses and factors undertaken to support Houlihan Lokeys conclusions. The preparation of a valuation is a complex process involving various quantitative and qualitative determinations as to the
most appropriate analyses and factors to consider, and the application of those analyses and factors to the particular circumstances of the Debtors. As a result, the process involved in preparing a valuation is not readily summarized. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

-6- 

EXHIBIT F 

Corporate Organizational Chart
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d878024dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Cutera Takes Steps to Strengthen Financial Foundation and Position the Company for Long-Term Success 

Enters into agreement to reduce debt by nearly $400 million and raise $65 million of new money from existing lenders 

Implementing pre-packaged financial restructuring plan with strong support of lenders, expected to
emerge expeditiously within 60 days 

Continues to operate as usual and provide best-in-class aesthetic and dermatology solutions to customers 

Vendors to be unimpaired
and paid in full 

BRISBANE, Calif., March 5, 2025 (BUSINESS WIRE) CUTERA, INC., (Cutera or the Company), a leading
provider of aesthetic and dermatology solutions, today announced that it is initiating a restructuring transaction with the support of a group of existing lenders, representing approximately 74% of the Companys notes, to strengthen its balance
sheet and position Cutera for long-term success. 

Through the transaction, Cutera will reduce its debt by nearly $400 million, or over 90%, and raise
$65 million in new money from its existing lenders. To implement the transaction, Cutera has filed voluntary pre-packaged Chapter 11 cases in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of Texas. Cutera will operate as usual throughout the court-supervised process and continue to provide best-in-class solutions to its customers around the globe
without disruption. 

Cutera has established a legacy of premium engineering, innovation, and service, and we are constantly evolving to better meet
the needs of our customers and their patients, said Taylor Harris, CEO of Cutera. There is clear momentum underway across the business, and today we are taking an important step that will enable us to continue to execute on our growth
initiatives and pursue our mission with a much stronger capital structure to support us. We are pleased to have the confidence of our lenders, who are aligned with our vision and invested in our future success. We thank our customers and partners
for their continued support, and we are grateful to our employees for their commitment to Cutera. We look forward to continuing to innovate, serve our customers, and improve patient lives for many years to come. 

Cutera has negotiated and solicited votes on its restructuring plan in advance and expects to complete this process quickly and efficiently, within 60 days.
At the end of the process, Cutera will be a private company, with a much stronger capital structure and the backing of a large consortium of leading investment firms. 

The Company has filed a request with the Court that will allow it to make timely payments to vendors in full under normal terms for goods and services
delivered both before and after the filing. Cutera expects to receive approval for this request. 

The Companys entities located outside of the U.S.
are not included in the Chapter 11 filings. 

Additional information about Cuteras restructuring is available at
https://cutera.com/strengtheningcutera. Court filings and other information regarding the case can be found at https://www.veritaglobal.net/cutera or by contacting Verita, the Companys noticing and claims agent, at (888) 788-0109 (for toll-free U.S. calls) or (781) 575-2045 (for tolled international calls). 

Advisors 

Cutera is advised in this matter by
Ropes & Gray LLP as legal counsel, Houlihan Lokey as investment banker, and FTI Consulting as financial advisor. The group of the Companys lenders is advised in this matter by Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP as
legal counsel and Centerview Partners as investment banker. 

About Cutera, Inc. 

Cutera is a leading provider of aesthetic and dermatology solutions for practitioners worldwide. For over 25 years, Cutera has strived to improve lives through
medical aesthetic technologies that are driven by science and powered through partnerships. For more information, call
1-888-4-CUTERA or visit Cutera.com. 

Cutera Media: 

Rose Temple / Evelyn Bubb 

CuteraComms@fticonsulting.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d878024dex993.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.3
<TEXT>
EX-99.3

Exhibit 99.3 

Financial Forecast Additional Detail 

Financial
Forecast 

($ in millions) 4Q24E 2025P 2026P 2027P 2028P 2029P 

Revenue $ 32.8 $ 147.9 $ 189.6 $ 236.1 $ 278.6 $ 312.1 

Adj. EBITDA (20.6 ) (51.8 ) (22.5 ) 0.0 20.2 37.1 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow (13.7 ) (27.1 ) (8.5 ) 6.5 17.3 32.2 

Selected Forecast Assumptions & Drivers: 

Gross Margin 30 % 41 % 46 % 51 % 54 % 55 % 

S&M Expense % of Revenue 58 % 48 % 39 % 35 % 33 % 31 % 

R&D Expense % of Revenue 12 % 11 % 9 % 7 % 6 % 6 % 

G&A Expense % of Revenue 24 % 17 % 11 % 9 % 7 % 7 % 

Commentary:

Year-over-year revenue growth is driven by significant growth in sales rep productivity and resulting AviClear
capital and consumable sales 

Gross profit margin expansion driven by improved economies of scale 

Operating margin expansion driven by increased revenue growth, cost savings related to being a private company,
and absorption of fixed operating expenses 

S&M reduction (as a percentage of sales) driven by productivity growth 

Year-over-year changes in net working capital, due to the sale of the Companys large existing inventory
base, is responsible for the substantial majority of the difference between Adjusted EBITDA and Unlevered Free Cash Flow through 2027 

Note: The projections herein are based on current management estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties 

1 

13-Week Forecast 

Week 1

Feb-25

2/28/25 Filing

Week 2

Mar-25

3/7/25 Week 3

Mar-25

3/14/25 Week 4

Mar-25

3/21/25 Week 5

Mar-25

3/28/25 Week 6

Apr-25

4/4/25 Week 7

Apr-25

4/11/25 Week 8

Apr-25

4/18/25 Week 9

Apr-25

4/25/25 Emerge

Week 10

May-25

5/2/25 Week 11

May-25

5/9/25 Week 12

May-25

5/16/25 Week 13

May-25

5/23/25 13 Week

Total 

Collections 

Collections $ 1,296 $ 1,276 $ 1,347 $ 1,923 $ 2,400 $ 2,024 $ 1,853 $ 1,789 $ 1,697 $ 1,517 $ 1,362 $ 1,273 $ 1,193 $ 20,951 

Cash Outflows 

Operating Disbursements: 

Payroll & Benefits $ (1,655 ) $ (80 ) $ (129 ) $ (2,554 ) $ (155 ) $ (1,500 ) $ (129 ) $ (1,900 ) $ (1,369 ) $ $ (1,500 ) $ (129 ) $ (2,096 ) $ (13,198 ) 

Facilities & Insurance (2,283 ) (6 ) (69 ) (7 ) (387 ) (28 ) (69 ) (502 ) (25 ) (776 ) (4,154 ) 

All Other Payables (3,605 ) (1,922 ) (2,200 ) (2,156 ) (1,892 ) (2,808 ) (1,284 ) (1,674 ) (1,667 ) (1,985 ) (1,673 ) (1,624 ) (1,686 ) (26,177 ) 

Total $ (7,543 ) $ (2,008 ) $ (2,399 ) $ (4,710 ) $ (2,054 ) $ (4,695 ) $ (1,442 ) $ (3,644 ) $ (3,036 ) $ (2,487 ) $ (3,198 ) $ (2,530 ) $ (3,783 ) $ (43,528 ) 

Net Operating Cash Flow $ (6,248 ) $ (732 ) $ (1,052 ) $ (2,787 ) $ 346 $ (2,671 ) $ 412 $ (1,855 ) $ (1,338 ) $ (970 ) $ (1,836 ) $ (1,257 ) $ (2,590 ) $ (22,577 ) 

Debt-Service: 

DIP Interest (473 ) (473 ) 

Total $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ (473 ) $ $ $ $ (473 ) 

Non-Operating Disbursements: 

Professional Fees $ (875 ) $ (3,231 ) $ (547 ) $ (522 ) $ (572 ) $ (372 ) $ (1,172 ) $ (722 ) $ (1,247 ) $ (5,972 ) $ $ $ $ (15,232 ) 

Utility Deposits (39 ) 39 

Total $ (875 ) $ (3,270 ) $ (547 ) $ (522 ) $ (572 ) $ (372 ) $ (1,172 ) $ (722 ) $ (1,247 ) $ (5,972 ) $ $ 39 $ $ (15,232 ) 

Net Cash Flow $ (7,123 ) $ (4,002 ) $ (1,599 ) $ (3,309 ) $ (226 ) $ (3,042 ) $ (760 ) $ (2,577 ) $ (2,585 ) $ (7,415 ) $ (1,836 ) $ (1,218 ) $ (2,590 ) $ (38,282 ) 

Beginning Domestic Book Cash $ 16,233 $ 9,110 $ 20,108 $ 18,509 $ 15,200 $ 24.974 $ 21,931 $ 21,171 $ 18,594 $ 16,009 $ 48,594 $ 46,758 $ 45,541 $ 16,233 

(+/-) Net Cash Flow (7,123 ) (4,002 ) (1,599 ) (3,309 ) (226 ) (3,042 ) (760 ) (2,577 ) (2,585 ) (7,415 ) (1,836 ) (1,218 ) (2,590 ) (38,282 ) 

(+) DIP / Exit Financing / ERO 15,000 10,000 40,000 65,000 

Ending Domestic Book Cash $ 9,110 $ 20,108 $ 18,509 $ 15,200 $ 24,974 $ 21,931 $ 21,171 $ 18,594 $ 16,009 $ 48,594 $ 46,758 $ 45,541 $ 42,951 $ 42,951 

Note: Forecast does not account for cash balances at foreign subsidiaries or cash generated by foreign subsidiaries

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cutr-20250304.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cutr-20250304_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cutr-20250304_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g878024g0303230333964.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g878024g0305011628013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name CUTERA INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001162461

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 04, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-50644

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0492262

Entity Address, Address Line One 3240 Bayshore Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Brisbane

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94005

City Area Code (415)

Local Phone Number 657-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock ($0.001 par value)

Trading Symbol CUTR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://cutera.com//20250304/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cutr-20250304.xsd 
cutr-20250304_lab.xml 
cutr-20250304_pre.xml 
d878024d8k.htm 

g878024g0305011628013.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-046217-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d878024d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001162461 

2025-03-04 
2025-03-04 

CUTERA INC 
false 
0001162461 
8-K 
2025-03-04 
DE 
000-50644 
77-0492262 
3240 Bayshore Blvd. 
Brisbane 
CA 
94005 
(415) 
657-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock ($0.001 par value) 
CUTR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>