<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-025163.txt : 20250319
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-025163.hdr.sgml : 20250319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319173030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-025163
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			USA Rare Earth, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		25753815

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			STILLWATER
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-867-6155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			STILLWATER
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230322
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234737-8k_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000197062200019706222025-03-132025-03-130001970622USAR:CommonStockSharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-132025-03-130001970622USAR:WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 19, 2025 (March
13, 2025)

USA
RARE EARTH, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41711 98-1720278

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

100
W Airport Road, 

Stillwater,
OK74075

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (813)-867-6155

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share USAR The NasdaqStock Market LLC

Warrants
to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share USARW The NasdaqStock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE

Terms
used in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) but not defined herein, or for which definitions are not
otherwise incorporated by reference herein, shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as defined
below) in the section entitled Frequently Used Terms and such definitions are incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report incorporates by reference certain information from
reports and other documents that were previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including
certain information from the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this Current
Report and the information contained in such prior reports and documents incorporated by reference herein, the information in this Current
Report controls.

Overview
of Transactions

As previously announced, USA
Rare Earth, Inc. (New USARE) (formerly Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II or IPXX), a Delaware
corporation (prior to the Domestication, a Cayman Islands exempted company), entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement,
dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025, the Business Combination Agreement),
by and among IPXX, USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (USARE OpCo), and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of IPXX (Merger Sub), pursuant to which,
(1) at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing) and
following the Domestication (as defined below), Merger Sub merged with and into USARE OpCo (the Merger), with USARE
OpCo surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New USARE, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement, resulting in a combined company whereby New USARE became the manager of USARE OpCo, and substantially all of the
assets and the business of the combined company are held and operated by USARE OpCo and its subsidiaries, as more fully described in the
final prospectus and definitive proxy statement of IPXX, dated February 14, 2025 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus),
which was filed with the SEC; (2) IPXX domesticated (the Domestication) as a Delaware corporation in accordance
with the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies
Act) and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of IPXX (as amended from time to time, the Cayman
Constitutional Documents), and (3) the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and documents
related thereto were consummated (such transactions, together with the Merger and the Domestication, the Business Combination).

An extraordinary general meeting
of IPXX shareholders was held on March 10, 2025 (the Extraordinary General Meeting), where the IPXX shareholders
considered and approved, among other matters, a proposal to approve the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby. In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, and effective on the date of, but prior to, the Domestication, holders
of 128,140 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem those shares for a pro rata portion of the cash in the IPXX trust account, which
equaled approximately $11.00 per share, for an aggregate of approximately $1.4 million.

On
March 12, 2025, as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and described in the section titled Proposal No. 1 
The Business Combination Proposal of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, IPXX filed a notice of deregistration with the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies, together with the necessary accompanying documents, and filed a certificate of incorporation (the Certificate
of Incorporation) and a certificate of corporate domestication with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, pursuant
to which IPXX was domesticated and continued as a Delaware corporation, changing its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the
Domestication).

1

Immediately
prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, each of the then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares
of IPXX, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Cayman Class B Share), converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis,
into a Class A ordinary share of IPXX, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Class A Ordinary Share). As a result
of and upon the effective time of the Domestication, among other things, (1) each of the then issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary
Shares automatically converted, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of New USARE (the
New USARE Common Stock); (2) each of the then issued and outstanding Public Warrants automatically became a warrant
of New USARE exercisable for one share of New USARE Common Stock on the same terms as the Public Warrants; (3) each unit of IPXX issued
and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Domestication was automatically canceled and each holder received one share of New USARE
Common Stock and one-half of one warrant of New USARE exercisable for one share of New USARE Common Stock on the same terms as the Public
Warrants, with any fractional warrants of New USARE to be issued in connection with such separation rounded down to the nearest whole
warrant; and (4) each of the then issued and outstanding Private Placement Warrants automatically became a warrant of New USARE exercisable
for one share of New USARE Common Stock on the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants.

In
connection with Closing and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing set forth in the Business Combination
Agreement, (i) New USARE and USARE OpCo entered into a Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement
of USARE OpCo, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the manager of USARE OpCo, and (ii) New USARE (following the Domestication)
and in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate
of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (such stock, the Series A
Preferred Stock, and such certificate, the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation)
which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock.

Subject
to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of
the Merger (the Effective Time), (i) each warrant that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to
the Effective Time to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class C Convertible Preferred
Units) or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Units) was automatically exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately
thereafter, each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding
USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit (including each USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise described in the preceding clause (i)) automatically converted into such number of
Class B units of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class B Units) into which such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred
Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable, was converted in connection with the Merger pursuant to
USARE OpCos Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the USARE OpCo OA).

Subject
to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time:

i. each
unit of USARE OpCo that was owned by IPXX, Merger Sub or USARE OpCo (in treasury or otherwise)
immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an Excluded Unit) was
cancelled and ceased to exist and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefore;

ii. each
incentive unit (the USARE Incentive Units) that was issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) was, by virtue of the
occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit
was continuously employed by or providing services to USARE OpCo from the Signing Date through
the Effective Time, automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such
employment or service status, automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless
basis) into a number of Class A units of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class A Units)
equal to the number of USARE Incentive Units covered by the award multiplied by an exchange
ratio generally based on the in-the-money value of the USARE Incentive Units, as determined
in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the USARE OpCo OA, the
Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan (as amended) and the award
agreements thereunder, and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such exchange
or conversion was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time;

2

iii. each
warrant to purchase units of USARE OpCo (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrants (as defined below)) (the USARE Warrants) that was outstanding
and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time was, by virtue of the occurrence
of the Merger, automatically exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in
accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A
Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise was treated as being
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and was canceled and converted
into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration
(as defined below);

iv. each
USARE Class A Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed
exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the
USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right
to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined
below) (the Per Unit Base Consideration) and the right to receive, subject
to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal
to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration);

v. each
USARE Class B Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon
the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled
and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit
Earn-out Consideration;

vi. each
Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class A-1 Convertible
Preferred Units) and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE
OpCo (the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, and
together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the USARE
Class A Convertible Preferred Units) that was issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) and each USARE Class A Convertible
Preferred Unit that was outstanding upon payment-in-kind of all accrued and unpaid dividends
on the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units was cancelled and converted into the right
to receive one share of Series A Preferred Stock; and

vii. each
warrant to purchase USARE Class A Units at an initial exercise price of $12.00
per USARE Class A Unit, subject to adjustment, and initially issued to a holder of USARE
Class A Convertible Preferred Units (each such warrant, a USARE Class A
Preferred Investor Warrant) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive
a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of
shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that
would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant.

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate consideration paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding
equity securities of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrants) was 72,747,711 shares of New USARE Common Stock (the Aggregate Base Consideration). The Aggregate Base
Consideration was calculated as (i) the number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) $800,000,000 divided
by (b) the redemption price of $10.99687276.

3

The
Exchange Ratio was equal to 0.2043578. The Exchange Ratio was calculated as the Aggregate Base Consideration divided
by the sum (without duplication) of the aggregate number of (i) USARE Class A Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE Class B Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all
USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE
Warrants (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis), and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE
Class B Units issuable upon full exercise, exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using
the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) (such sum, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital). At
the Effective Time, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital was 355,983,292 units, consisting of (i) 207,585,648 Class A common units, (ii) 20,778,672
Class B common units, (iii) 22,274,921 common units deemed issued upon full exercise, exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding
USARE Incentive Units (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis), (iv) 96,049,828 Class B common
units deemed issued upon conversion of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred
Units, (v) 7,440,828 Class B common units deemed issued upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding Class B common warrants (calculated
using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis), and (vi) 1,853,395 Class B common units deemed issued upon full
exercise of all issued and outstanding Class C common warrants and Class C-1 common warrants (calculated using the treasury method of
accounting on a cashless exercise basis)

The
Earn-out Exchange Ratio was 0.028091206. The Earn-out Exchange Ratio was calculated as 10,000,000 shares of New
USARE Common Stock divided by the USARE Fully Diluted Capital. The remaining 50% of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest and
be issued if, during the Earnout Period, the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national securities
exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $20.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive
Trading Days. The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration may also vest upon a transaction or series of transactions the result of which is
(a) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act)) of persons of direct or indirect beneficial ownership of securities representing 50% or more of the combined voting
power of the then outstanding securities of New USARE, (b) a merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination, however
effected, resulting in any person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act) acquiring at least 50% of the combined voting
power of the then outstanding securities of New USARE or the surviving person outstanding immediately after such combination; or (c)
a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of New USARE (Change of Control), pursuant to which New USARE or
its shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied value per share of New USARE Common Stock is equal to or above
such price targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon the implied per share value reaching the thresholds discussed
above. Should the implied value per share of New USARE Common Stock pursuant to a Change of Control be less than $15.00, then the vesting
conditions discussed above shall no longer apply and no further shares of New USARE Common Stock will be issued as Aggregate Earn-out
Consideration.

From IPXXs initial
public offering (the IPO) until the Closing, its only material financing consisted of a convertible promissory note
(the Convertible Promissory Note) issued to Michael Blitzer, IPXXs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant
to which Inflection Point was permitted to borrow up to $2,500,000 from Mr. Blitzer, for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business
of IPXX and the consummation of the Business Combination or any other initial business combination. Pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended on January 22, 2025, by and among IPXX, Michael Blitzer (IPXXs Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer) and USARE OpCo (the Blitzer Series A SPA), IPXX agreed to issue at Closing a number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares (as defined below) in exchange for Mr. Blitzers
forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

Concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, on August 21, 2024, (A) USARE OpCo and certain investors of USARE Class A-1
Convertible Preferred Units (the Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors) entered into securities purchase
agreements (the Class A-1 Convertible Preferred SPAs), pursuant to which the Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Unit
Investors purchased an aggregate of (i) 1,176,471 USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 1,426,471 USARE Class A Units for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $12.0 million
and (B) USARE OpCo and certain funds related to IPXX (Inflection Point Fund, Newtyn Partners, LP and Newtyn TE Partners, LP) (collectively,
the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors) entered into securities purchase agreements (the Class
A-2 Convertible Preferred SPAs and together with the Class A-1 Convertible Preferred SPAs, the Class A Convertible
Preferred SPAs), pursuant to which the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors purchased an aggregate of (i) 1,323,529
USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 1,542,279
USARE Class A Units for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $13.5 million. In addition, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement,
dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE OpCo and Mr. Blitzer (the Blitzer Class A SPA), USARE has issued
122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units (excluding accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind interest) and a USARE Class A Preferred
Investor Warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units in exchange for Mr. Blitzers promise to forgive, at Closing, the
remaining 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

4

The
USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units accrued dividends daily at the rate of (a) if paid in kind, 12% per annum of the original issue
price (defined as $12.00 per unit), plus the amount of previously accrued dividends paid in kind, or (b) if paid in cash, 10% per annum
of the original issue price (defined as $12.00 per unit), plus the amount of previously accrued dividends. Such dividends compounded
quarterly. In addition, the holders of the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units were entitled to be paid, on an as-converted basis,
any dividend or other distribution, whether paid in cash, in-kind or in other property (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any securities),
authorized and paid by USARE OpCo on the issued and outstanding USARE Class A Units in an amount determined by assuming that the number
of USARE Class A Units into which such USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units could be converted pursuant to the USARE OpCo OA.

Also
concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, on August 21, 2024, IPXX, USARE OpCo and Inflection Point Fund
I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Inflection Point Fund), an accredited investor that was an affiliate of IPXX,
entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Series A SPA), pursuant to which Inflection Point Fund agreed
to purchase 759,804 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and a warrant exercisable to purchase 759,804 shares of New USARE Common Stock
at an initial exercise price of $12.00 (the Series A Preferred Investor Warrants) for an aggregate purchase price
of $9,117,648 (the Series A Preferred Stock Investment). Subsequently, on February 3, 2025, Inflection Point Fund
pre-funded the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing, pursuant to an Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred SPA (as defined
below), an aggregate of 833,333 additional USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant
exercisable for an aggregate of 833,333 USARE Class A Units for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $8.5 million as part of
the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investment (as defined below). Pursuant to a termination agreement, dated as of January
31, 2025, by and among IPXX, USARE OpCo and Inflection Point Fund (the Series A SPA Termination Agreement), upon
the pre-funding of the Series A Preferred Stock Investment, the Series A SPA was terminated.

On
January 31, 2025, USARE OpCo entered into securities purchase agreements (the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred SPAs)
with the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors, Mr. Blitzer, and Collective Capital Management (collectively, the Additional
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors), pursuant to which the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors
agreed to purchase an aggregate of (i) 1,495,098 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 1,495,098 USARE Class A Units for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $15.0 million
(the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investment). The Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred
Unit Investment closed on February 3, 2025.

In
connection with IPXXs IPO, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, (the Sponsor), and Inflection Points
directors and executive officers entered into letter agreements to vote their Inflection Point Ordinary Shares in favor of the Business
Combination Proposal (as defined herein). Further, concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor
entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement with Inflection Point and USARE, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended on January 31, 2025,
the Sponsor Support Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to vote its shares in favor of all proposals
presented at the extraordinary general meeting.

5

At
the Effective Time of the Merger, in accordance with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement,
New USARE issued:

i. an
aggregate of 72,747,711 shares of New USARE Common Stock, to certain Members of USARE,
pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement;

ii. an
aggregate of 4,318,472 shares of Series A Preferred Stock; and

iii. Series A
Preferred Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 4,495,099 shares of New USARE
Common Stock, subject to adjustment, at an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, subject
to adjustment.

At
the Closing of the Business Combination, New USARE also issued:

i. an
aggregate of 915,363 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Investor Warrants
exercisable for an aggregate of 784,315 shares of New USARE Common Stock, subject to adjustment,
at an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, subject to adjustment, pursuant to securities
purchase agreements with Inflection Point Fund and another accredited investor, dated March
11, 2025 (the PIPE SPAs);

ii. an
aggregate of 131,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Blitzer Series A
SPA; and

iii. an
aggregate of 877,500 shares of New USARE Common Stock pursuant to USARE OpCos arrangements
with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, A Division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (CCM).

Reference
is also made to the disclosure regarding the forward purchase agreements in Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711)
filed by IPXX on March 11, 2025, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Shares
of New USARE Common Stock and New USARE Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols USAR and USARW,
respectively, on March 14, 2025. New USARE has not paid any cash dividends on its shares of common stock to date. It is the present intention
of the Board to retain all earnings, if any, for use in New USAREs business operations and, accordingly, the Board does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon New USAREs
revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends is within the
discretion of the Board. Further, the ability of New USARE to declare dividends may be limited by the terms of financing or other agreements
entered into by it or its subsidiaries from time to time.

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Seventh
A&R Operating Agreement

On March 13, 2025, in connection
with the consummation of the transactions and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, USARE OpCo and IPXX, amended and
restated the operating agreement of USARE (the Seventh A&R Operating Agreement), which, among other things, set
forth the terms of the USARE OpCo units and appointed New USARE as the sole manager of USARE OpCo. The material terms of the Seventh A&R
Operating Agreement are described in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Proposal No. 1 The Business
Combination ProposalRelated AgreementsSeventh A&R Company Operating Agreement. The foregoing description
is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Seventh A&R Operating Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.38 to this Current
Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

6

Indemnification
Agreements

In connection with the consummation
of the transactions and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, New USARE entered into indemnification agreements with
each of its directors and executive officers. Each indemnification agreement provides for indemnification and advancement by New USARE
of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits, or proceedings arising from service to New USARE or, at its request, service
to other entities, as officers or directors to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. The foregoing description of the indemnification
agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the indemnification agreements,
a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.40 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Registration
Rights Agreement

On March 13, 2025, in connection
with the consummation of the transactions and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, New USARE, the Sponsor, and certain
other stockholders of New USARE entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement).
The material terms of the Registration Rights Agreement are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Proposal No.
1 The Business Combination ProposalRelated AgreementsRegistration Rights Agreement. The foregoing description
is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Registration Rights Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report
and is incorporated herein by reference.

New
USAREs Incentive Plan

The
information set forth under Item 5.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Convertible
Promissory Note Termination Agreement

On March 13, 2025, pursuant
to the Blitzer Class A SPA and the Blitzer Series A SPA, New USARE and Michael Blitzer entered into that certain termination agreement
(the Note Termination Agreement) pursuant to which the Convertible Promissory Note was terminated and Mr. Blitzer
forgave the amounts owed to him by New USARE in exchange for the consideration provided for by the Blitzer Class A SPA and the Blitzer
Series A SPA. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Note Termination Agreement, which is included
as Exhibit 10.37to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The
disclosure set forth in the Introductory Note above is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

FORM
10 INFORMATION

Item
2.01(f) of Form 8-K provides that if the predecessor registrant was a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act), as IPXX was immediately before the consummation of the Business Combination, then the registrant must disclose
the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly,
New USARE is providing the information below that would be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information
provided below relates to New USARE after the consummation of the Business Combination, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the
context otherwise requires.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including with respect to the effects of the Business Combination
Agreement. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of New USAREs management and are subject to a number
of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
While New USARE believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, New USARE cannot assure you that it will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Forward-looking statements
can generally be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, can, continue,
could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, may, might,
plan, possible, potential, predict, project, seek,
should, strive, target, will, would and similar expressions, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

7

Forward-looking
statements in this Current Report and in any document incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus may include, but are
not limited to, statements regarding:

the
ability to realize the benefits expected from the Business Combination;

the
ability to maintain the listing of the New USARE Common Stock and the New USARE Warrants
on Nasdaq;

the
ability to raise financing in the future and to comply with restrictive covenants related
to long-term indebtedness;

the
future financial performance of New USARE and USARE OpCo;

New
USAREs and USARE OpCos ability to retain or recruit, or to effect changes required
in, their respective officers, key employees or directors;

New
USAREs and USARE OpCos ability to comply with laws and regulations applicable
to its business; and

expansion
plans and opportunities.

These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this report and New USAREs management teams
current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other
factors, many of which are outside the control of New USARE and its directors, officers and affiliates. Accordingly, forward-looking statements
should not be relied upon as representing New USAREs management teams views as of any subsequent date. New USARE does not
undertake any obligation to update, add or to otherwise correct any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events
or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events, inaccuracies that become apparent
after the date hereof or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of a number of known and unknown risks and
uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results or performance may be materially different
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include,
but are not limited to:

the
fact that USARE OpCo has no history in commercial operations which limits the accuracy of
any forward-looking forecasts, prospects or business outlook or plans;

that
USARE OpCo may not be able to generate positive cashflow from its expected future business
operations;

there
may be time delays, unforeseen expenses, increased capital costs, and other complications;

the
magnet production business is subject to the availability of rare earth element oxide and
metal feedstock;

fluctuations
in demand for, and prices of, Neodymium Iron Boron (NdFeB) magnets,
magnet materials, and necessary feedstock;

inability
to convert current commercial discussions and/or memorandums of understanding with customers
into definitive contracts;

the
growth of existing and emerging uses for NdFeB magnets;

changes
in the global supply of NdFeB magnets;

8

the
Round Top Project is at the exploration stage and may not develop into a producing mine;

operating
in a highly competitive industry;

changes
in Chinas or the United States political environment and policies;

inability
to obtain sufficient capital or other resources necessary to provide for such production;

any
failure by management to manage growth properly could negatively impact our business;

power
or other utility disruption or shortage;

increasing
costs, including rising electricity and other utility costs, or limited access to raw materials;

fluctuations
in transportation costs or disruptions in transportation services or damage or loss during
transport;

any
inability to meet individual customer specifications;

diminished
access to water;

work
stoppages or similar difficulties, breakdown in labor relations, or a shortage of skilled
technicians and engineers;

failure
to retain key personnel or attract additional qualified personnel;

failure
to comply with certain agreements with government entities that have provided us with certain
incentives and favorable financing;

inability
to access debt capital when otherwise necessary or advisable;

impacts
of force majeure events;

failure
to develop and maintain relationships with local communities and stakeholders;

that
USARE OpCo has generated negative operating cash flows and may experience negative cash flow
from operations in the future;

extensive
and costly environmental requirements;

the
need to obtain and sustain governmental permits and approvals;

failure
to comply with applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and similar
laws and regulations;

costs
of compliance with environmental, health and safety regulations;

the
impacts of climate change;

possible
litigation risks, including permit disputes (including in respect of access and/or validity
of tenure), environmental claims, occupational health and safety claims and employee claims;

9

any
infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties;

failure
to adequately protect intellectual property rights;

issue
with information technology systems, including cyber threats, disruption, damage and failure;
and

use
of resources and management attention related to the requirements of being a public company
in the United States.

Business

New
USAREs business is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Information About USARE,
which is incorporated herein by reference.

Risk
Factors

The
risks associated with New USAREs business are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Risk
Factors, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Reference
is made to the disclosure contained in the Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
of USARE which is set forth in Exhibit 99.4 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Reference
is made to the disclosure contained in the Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
of IPXX which is set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Reference
is made to the disclosure contained in the Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
of USARE which is set forth in Exhibit 99.4 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Reference
is made to the disclosure contained in the Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
of IPXX which is set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Properties

Reference
is made to the disclosure contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Information About USAREUSAREs
Facilities, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth beneficial ownership of New USARE Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock following the consummation of
the Business Combination by:

each
person who was named executive officer or director of New USARE, and all executive officers
and directors of New USARE as a group; and

each
person who is a beneficial owner of more than 5% of a class of New USARE equity securities.

10

The
information below is based on an aggregate of 81,952,420 shares of New USARE Common Stock, and 5,233,835 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding as of the consummation of the Business Combination. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the
rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared
voting or investment power over that security, including warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. In the
table below, shares issuable upon the exercise of New USARE Warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
the Effective Time are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding such New USARE Warrants for the purpose of
computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Accordingly, percentages presented in the table may not sum to 100%.

Directors and Executive
Officers of New USARE (1) Number of

shares of

New

USARE

Common

Stock % Number of

shares of

Series A

Preferred

Stock % Total

Voting 

% 

Joshua Ballard 

Michael Blitzer 16,003,607 17.5 % 1,915,960 36.6 % 9.4 %

Mordechai Gutnick(5) 13,671,026 16.7 % 15.7 %

Paul Kern 163,125 * * 

David Kronenfeld 69,397 * * 

Steve Ridge 66,162 * * 

Otto Schwethelm 

Michael Senft 

Tready Smith(3) 15,528,008 18.9 % 17.8 %

Carolyn Trabuco 

Christopher Boling 

All officers and directors as a group (10 individuals) 45,531,325 49.6 % 1,915,960 36.6 % 43.2 %

Five Percent Holders 

Inflection Point Holdings II LLC(2) 12,250,000 13.9 % 7.2 %

U.S. Trading Metals RE, LLC(4) 4,511,927 5.5 % 5.2 %

The DinSha Dynasty Trust(6) 4,406,545 5.4 % 5.1 %

Inflection Point Fund I, LP(7) 3,194,280 3.8 % 1,504,942 28.8 % 1.7 %

Newtyn Management, LLC(8) 3,715,380 4.4 % 1,544,792 29.5 % 2.6 %

Bowon M&P Co., Ltd.(9) 1,595,980 1.9 % 733,872 14.0 % * 

LINEA Investment, Inc.(10) 1,118,557 1.3 % 524,194 10.0 % * 

Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC Segregated
Master Portfolio B(11) 490,196 * 490,196 9.4 % * 

* Less
than one percent

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each person is 100 W Airport Road, Stillwater, Oklahoma
74075, c/o USARE.

(2) Post-Business
Combination interests consist of (i) 6,250,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock held
by the Sponsor, (ii) 6,000,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying 6,000,000
New USARE Warrants held by the Sponsor. Mr. Blitzer is the sole managing member of Inflection
Point Holdings II LLC and holds voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary
shares held of record by Infection Point Holdings II LLC. Mr. Blitzer disclaims any
beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Sponsor, other than to the extent of any
pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.

11

(3) Consists
of: 11,792,046 shares held of record by Bayshore Rare Earths II, LLC, and Ms. Smith
is the beneficial owner of such shares; 3,652,121 shares held of record by Bayshore
Rare Earths, LLC, and Ms. Smith is the beneficial owner of such shares; 37,669 shares
held of record by Tready Smith Revocable Trust and beneficially owned by Ms. Smith; and 60,825 shares
held of record by Ms. Smiths husband Thayer Smith, with respect to which shares Ms.
Smith shares voting and dispositive control. The address for Bayshore Rare Earths II,
LLC, Bayshore Rare Earths, LLC, and Ms. Smith is 1700 S. MacDill Avenue, Suite 340,
Tampa, Florida 33629.

(4) The
address for U.S. Trading Metals RE, LLC (US Trading Metals) is
767 5th Avenue, 6th Floor-Water B, New York City, NY 10153. The Company
was informed by US Trading Metals that it is the beneficial owner of the shares held of record
by it. The Company has reason to believe that US Trading Metals may be beneficially owned
by Steven Rosenfeld.

(5) Consists
of 13,842,710 shares held of record by The Critical Minerals Trust, of which Mordechai
Gutnick is the trustee. Mr. Gutnick is the sole beneficial owner of such shares. The
address for Mr. Gutnick is 100 W Airport Road, Stillwater, Oklahoma 74075, c/o USARE.

(6) The
address for The DinSha Dynasty Trust (the DinSha Trust) is 607 Patten
Avenue, Long Branch, NJ 07740. The Company was informed by the DinSha Trust that (i)
it is the beneficial owner of the shares held of record by it, (ii) the grantor of the trust
is Stewart Kleiner (but he is not a trustee or beneficiary), (iii) the trust is an irrevocable
trust and (iv) the trustees of the trust are Kerry (Gottlieb) Silverstrom, Shana Kleiner
and Dina Kleiner. Each of the trustees may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held
by the DinSha Trust.

(7) Post-combination
interests consist of (i) 1,504,942 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be
held by Inflection Point Fund, (ii) 1,504,942 shares of New USARE Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of 1,504,942 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be
held by Inflection Point Fund, at the initial conversion price and (ii) 1,689,338 shares
of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Series A Preferred Investor Warrants
to be held by Inflection Point Fund at Closing. Conversion calculations of Series A Preferred
Stock to New USARE Common Stock assume a $12 initial price per share, and no adjustments
to such conversion price. Inflection Point Asset Management LLC and Inflection Point GP I
LLC are the investment manager and general partner, respectively, of Inflection Point Fund.
Mr. Blitzer controls each of Inflection Point Fund, Inflection Point Asset Management
LLC and Inflection Point GP I LLC, including the exercise of voting and investment discretion
over the securities held or to be held by Inflection Point Fund. Mr. Blitzer disclaims
any beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Sponsor, Inflection Point Fund, Inflection
Point Asset Management LLC and Inflection Point GP I LLC other than to the extent of
any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.

(8) According
to a Schedule 13G filed on January 7, 2025, consist of (i) 426,300 Inflection Point Class A
Ordinary Shares held by Newtyn TE Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, (ii) 273,700
Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares held by Newtyn Partners, LP, a Delaware limited
partnership (collectively, the Newtyn Entities), (iii) 954,048
shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be held by Newtyn TE Partners, LP, (iv) 954,048
shares of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 954,048 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock to be held by Newtyn TE Partners, LP, at the initial conversion price, (v) 590,734
shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be held by Newtyn Partners, LP, (vi) 590,734
shares of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 590,734 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock to be held by Newtyn Partners, LP, at the initial conversion price, (vii) 907,549
shares of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Series A Preferred Investor
Warrant to be issued to Newtyn TE Partners, LP at Closing and (viii) 563,039 shares
of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant
to be issued to Newtyn Partners, LP at Closing. Newtyn Management, LLC as the investment
manager to the Newtyn Entities may be deemed to beneficially own the securities owned by
the Newtyn Entities. The principal business address of Newtyn Management, LLC and the Newtyn
Entities is 60 East 42nd Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10165.

(9) The
address for Bowon M&P Co., Ltd. (Bowon) is 15F, Kwangil Plaza, 331,
Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul Korea 06627. The Company was informed by Bowon that the beneficial
owner of the shares held of record by Bowon is Mr. Kwangshik Ma.

12

(10) The
address for LINEA Investment, Inc. (LINEA) is Nabul-Li 133, Samho-Eup,
Youngam-Gun, Jeonnam, South Korea. The Company was informed by LINEA that the beneficial
owner of the shares held of record by LINEA is Mr. Bon Hyuk Koo.

(11) The
address for Alto Opportunity Master Fund is c/o Ayrton Capital, 55 Post Road West, 2nd Floor
Westport, Connecticut 06880.

Directors
and Executive Officers

Other
than as disclosed in Item 5.02 below, the Companys directors and executive officers are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
in the section titled Management of New USARE Following the
Business Combination, and to Item 5.02 of this Current Report, which are incorporated
herein by reference.

Director
Independence

The
Board has affirmatively determined that each of Michael Blitzer, Mordechai Gutnick, Paul Kern, Otto Schwethelm, Michael Senft and Carolyn
Trabuco is an independent director within the meaning of the listing rules of Nasdaq.

Executive & Director Compensation

The
executive and director compensation of New USAREs named executive officers is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the
section titled Executive and Director Compensation and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Reference
is made to the disclosure set forth below in Item 5.02 of this Current Report under the heading New USARE Incentive Plan,
which is incorporated herein by reference.

Committees
of the Board of Directors

Effective
as of immediately prior to the Closing, the standing committees of the Board consist of an audit committee (the Audit Committee),
a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee) and a nominating and corporate governance committee (the Nominating
Committee).

Effective
as of immediately following the Closing, the Board appointed Otto Schwethelm, Carolyn Trabuco, and Michael Senft to serve on the Audit
Committee, with Otto Schwethelm serving as chair. The Board affirmatively determined that each member of the Audit Committee qualifies
as independent under Nasdaqs additional standards applicable to audit committee members and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange
Act applicable to audit committee members. In addition, the Board determined that Otto Schwethelm qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.

Effective
as of immediately following the Closing, the Board appointed Carolyn Trabuco, Paul Kern and Otto Schwethelm to serve on the Compensation
Committee, with Carolyn Trabuco serving as chair. The Board affirmatively determined that each member of the Compensation Committee qualifies
as independent under Nasdaqs additional standards applicable to compensation committee members, and the Compensation
Committee meets the requirements of Section 16b-3 of the Exchange Act with respect to acquisitions from New USARE.

Effective
as of immediately following the Closing, the Board appointed Michael Senft, Paul Kern, Mordechai Gutnick and Michael Blitzer to serve
on the Nominating Committee, with Michael Senft serving as chair. The Board affirmatively determined that each member of the Nominating
Committee qualifies as independent under Nasdaq rules.

13

Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions

Certain
relationships and related party transactions of New USARE and USARE OpCo are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section
titled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

On
March 11, 2025, IPXX entered into that certain securities purchase agreement with Inflection Point Fund, an affiliate of Michael Blitzer,
pursuant to which, at the Closing of the Business Combination, Inflection Point Fund purchased 294,118 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and a Preferred Investor Warrant initially exercisable for 294,118 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $3,000,000.

Legal
Proceedings

Reference
is made to the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Information About
IPXXLegal Proceedings and Information About USARELitigation, which is incorporated herein
by reference.

Reference
is also made to the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in Item 8.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed
by IPXX on March 7, 2025, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Market
Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Shares
of New USARE Common Stock and New USARE Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols USAR and USARW,
respectively, on March 13, 2025. New USARE has not paid any cash dividends on its shares of common stock to date. It is the present intention
of the Board to retain all earnings, if any, for use in New USARE business operations and, accordingly, the Board does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon New USAREs
revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends is within the
discretion of the Board. Further, the ability of New USARE to declare dividends may be limited by the terms of financing or other agreements
entered into by it or its subsidiaries from time to time, including certain consent rights in connection with the Strategic Investment.

As
of March 13, 2025, following the completion of the Business Combination, there were 81,952,420 shares of New USARE Common Stock,
18,500,000 New USARE Warrants, and 5,233,835 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. New USARE has reserved a total of
13,000,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Incentive Plan (as defined below), subject to certain
adjustments set forth therein. As of March 13, 2025, there were approximately 530 record holders of New USARE Common Stock,
approximately 2 record holders of New USARE Warrants and eight record holders of New USARE Series A Preferred Stock. However, because many
of the shares of New USARE Common Stock and New USARE Warrants are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders,
New USARE believes there are substantially more beneficial holders of New USARE Common Stock, New USARE Series A Preferred Stock and
New USARE Warrants than record holders.

New
USARE securities are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled Description of New USAREs Securities
and Market Price and Dividends of Securities and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

The
information set forth under Item 3.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

At
the closing of the Business Combination, New USARE issued:

i. an
aggregate of 915,363 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 784,315
shares of New USARE Common Stock, subject to adjustment, at an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, subject to adjustment, pursuant
to the PIPE SPAs;

14

ii. an
aggregate of 131,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Blitzer Series A SPA; and

iii. an
aggregate of 877,500 shares of New USARE Common Stock pursuant to USARE OpCos arrangements with Cohen & Company Capital Markets,
A Division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (CCM).

These
securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Each acquiror is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.

Description
of Registrants Securities to Be Registered

The
description of New USAREs securities is contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Description
of New USAREs Securities, as amended by the disclosure in Item 8.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711)
filed by IPXX on March 7, 2025, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data

The
information set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.02 is incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference. The Company issued certain
securities described in the Introductory Note under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as a transaction by an issuer not involving
a public offering.

Item
3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

On
March 12, 2025, in connection with the Domestication, IPXX filed the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware. The material terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and IPXXs bylaws (the Bylaws) and
the general effect upon the rights of holders of IPXXs capital stock are discussed in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections
titled The Domestication Proposal and The Organizational Documents Proposals, which are incorporated
by reference herein. 

Item
5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The
information set forth above under the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Executive
Officers and Directors

At
the Effective Time of the Merger, each of Paula Sutter, Nicholas Shekerdemian, Erica Dorfman, Eliot Richmond and Samuel Sayegh resigned
as directors of IPXX with immediate effect. At the Effective Time of the Merger, each of Michael Blitzer and Peter Ondishin resigned
from their roles as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively.

15

At
Effective Time of the Merger, and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, each of Joshua Ballard, Michael
Blitzer, Mordechai Gutnick, Paul Kern, Otto Schwethelm, Michael Senft, Tready Smith and Carolyn Trabuco are the directors of New USARE.
The directors of New USARE will serve on the board until the first annual meeting of stockholders of New USARE to be held following the
date of Closing and until any such directors successor is elected and qualified, subject to such directors earlier death,
disqualification, resignation, or removal.

Additionally,
effective upon the Effective Time of the Merger, the following New USARE executive officers were appointed: Michael Blitzer was appointed
the Chairperson of the New USARE board, Joshua Ballard was appointed Chief Executive Officer, David Kronenfeld was appointed Chief Legal
Officer and Corporate Secretary, Steve Ridge was appointed Chief Operating Officer, and Christopher Boling was appointed Corporate Controller
and Principal Accounting Officer and Robert Fredette was appointed Director of Magnet Operations.

Mr.
Ballard is New USAREs principal executive officer. Mr. Ballard's Employment Agreement became effective, and Mr. Ballards
service with New USARE commenced, as of the closing of the Business Combination on March 13, 2025. On March 12, 2025, in connection with
the completion of the previously disclosed business combination, New USARE entered into an assignment and assumption agreement (the Ballard
Assignment and Assumption Agreement), by and among New USARE, USARE OpCo and Joshua Ballard, whereby New USARE assumed the
Employment Agreement, by and between USARE OpCo and Mr. Ballard, pursuant to which USARE OpCo agreed to employ Mr. Ballard as Chief Executive
Officer 

The
Ballard Employment Agreement is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Executive and Director Compensation
of USAREExecutive Compensation ArrangementsCEO Employment Agreement, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Reference
is made to the disclosure regarding the anticipated employment of William Robert Steele Jr. as the Chief Financial Officer (and Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), effective as of March 24, 2025, in Item 5.02 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (File
No. 001-41711) filed by New USARE on March 17, 2025, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Reference
is also made to the disclosure described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Management of New USARE Following
the Business Combination for biographical information about each of the directors and officers, which is incorporated herein
by reference. Additionally, interlocks and insider participation information regarding New USAREs executive officers is described
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Management of New USARE Following the Business CombinationCompensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Incentive
Plan

Effective
as of March 13, 2025, New USARE adopted the USA Rare Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan)
under which New USARE may grant equity and equity-based incentive awards to officers, employees, non-employee directors and consultants.

Certain
employees, directors, officers, advisors or consultants of New USARE or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the Incentive Plan.
The Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee, subject to the limitations imposed under the Incentive Plan and applicable
laws. The Compensation Committee generally has the authority to designate participants, determine the type or types of awards to be granted
to a participant, determine the terms and conditions of any agreements evidencing any awards granted under the Incentive Plan, accelerate
the vesting or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, awards and to adopt, alter and repeal rules, guidelines and
practices relating to the Incentive Plan. The Compensation Committee has full discretion to administer and interpret the Incentive Plan
and to make any other determinations and/or take any other action that it deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the
Incentive Plan, and any such determinations or actions taken by the Compensation Committee are final, conclusive and binding upon all
persons and entities. The Compensation Committee may delegate to one or more officers of New USARE or any affiliate the authority to
act on behalf of the Compensation Committee with respect to any matter, right, obligation or election that is the responsibility of or
that is allocated to the Compensation Committee in the Incentive Plan and that may be so delegated as a matter of law, except for grants
of awards to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

16

New
USARE has reserved a total of 13,000,000 shares of shares of stock from the Share Pool for issuance pursuant to the Incentive Plan and
the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options granted under the Incentive Plan
is 13,000,000, in each case, subject to certain adjustments set forth therein.

The information set forth
in the section entitled Executive and Director Compensation of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is incorporated herein
by reference. The foregoing description of the Incentive Plan and the information incorporated by reference in the preceding sentence
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Incentive Plan and applicable forms
of equity award agreement, which are incorporated by reference to this Current Report as Exhibit 10.35, 10.36 and 10.38.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The
disclosure set forth in Item 3.03 of this Current Report is incorporated in this Item 5.03 by reference.

Copies
of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Certificate of Designations are attached as Exhibits 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 to this Current
Report, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.05 Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

Effective upon the Effective
Time of the Merger, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Board adopted a new Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics, which is applicable to all employees, officers and directors of the Company, which is available on the Companys website
at https://www.usare.com/investor-relations/home, under the Investor Relations tab. The information on the Companys
website does not constitute part of this Current Report and is not incorporated by reference herein.

Item
5.06. Change in Shell Company Status.

As
a result of the Business Combination, IPXX ceased being a shell company when it merged into USA Rare Earth, LLC upon the completion of
the Merger. Reference is made to the disclosure in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled Proposal No. 1 
The Business Combination Proposal and Proposal No. 2 The Domestication Proposal, which is incorporated
herein by reference. Further, the information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Business Combination and the first day of trading
on Nasdaq, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.6 hereto.

The
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.6, are furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into the filings of Acquiror under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings.
This Current Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information in this Item 7.01, including
Exhibit 99.6.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial statements of
businesses acquired.

The
financial statements of IPXX as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

17

The
financial statements of USARE OpCo as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are set forth in Exhibit 99.3 hereto and are incorporated herein
by reference.

(b) Pro forma financial information.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of IPXX and the USARE as of December 31, 2024 and for the year ended December
31, 2024 is set forth in Exhibit 99.5 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, LLC, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, LLC, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

2.3 Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, LLC, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

2.4* Certificate
of Merger of IPXX Merger Sub, LLC with and into USA Rare Earth, Inc. 

2.5* Plan
of Domestication.

2.6 Contribution
Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC, Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC dated May 17,
2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.6 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed
by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

3.1* Certificate
of Corporate Domestication of USA Rare Earth, Inc

3.2* Certificate
of Incorporation of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

3.3* Bylaws
of USA Rare Earth, Inc. 

3.4* USA
Rare Earth, Inc. Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock.

4.1 Specimen
Common Stock Certificate of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Registration Statement
on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

4.2* Specimen
Warrant Certificate of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated May 24, 2024, by and between Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. IIs Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II on May 30, 2023).

4.4* Form of Warrant issued to each Series A Investor.

4.5* Form of Warrant issued to PIPE Investors.

10.1* Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, by and among USA Rare Earth, Inc., Inflection Point Holdings II LLC and certain other holders of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

10.2 Sponsor
Support Agreement, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, and the other parties thereto
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed
by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.3* Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC.

18

10.4 Form of Members Support Agreement, dated August 21, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, certain members party thereto and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.5* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among, Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and the purchasers party thereto.

10.6 Fee Reduction Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. IIs Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II on August 22, 2024).

10.7# Metal Sales and Tolling Framework Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2024, by and between Australian Strategic Materials Limited and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.8 Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.9 Series A SPA Termination Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Inflection Point Fund I, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.10 USA
Rare Earth, LLC Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan effective August26, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13,
2025).

10.11 First
Amendment to The Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan of USA Rare Earth, LLC dated November2, 2022 (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant
on February 13, 2025).

10.12 Second
Amendment to The Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan of USA Rare Earth, LLC dated February10, 2024 (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant
on February 13, 2025).

10.13 Offer of Employment by and between David Kronenfeld and USA Rare Earth, LLC dated March14, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.14 Addendum
to the David Kronenfeld Offer of Employment dated November6, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14
filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.15 Offer
of Employment by and between Steve Ridge and USA Rare Earth, LLC dated March17, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.15 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13,
2025).

10.16 Addendum
to the Steve Ridge Offer of Employment dated May14, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 filed with
the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.17 Letter
Agreement by and among Bayshore Capital Holdings Group, LLC, Thayer Smith and USA Rare Earth, LLC dated December1, 2022
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed
by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.18 Separation
and Release Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Thomas J. Schneberger, Jr. dated April30, 2024 (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant
on February 13, 2025).

10.19 Employment
Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Joshua Ballard dated December16, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.19 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13,
2025).

10.20 Employment
Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Chris Boling dated October24, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.20 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13,
2025).

10.21 Separation
and Release Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Effie Simanikas dated March30, 2024 (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.21 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on
February 13, 2025).

10.22 Form
of Subscription Agreement, dated September1, 2023 by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and the individuals party thereto
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed
by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

19

10.23 Form
of Subscription Agreement, dated October31, 2023 by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and the individuals party thereto
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed
by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.24 Form
of Incentive Unit Award Agreement of USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.25 Surface
Lease SL 20040002 between the State of Texas and Sentinel Mountain Associates, L.P. dated November19, 2003, as assigned
via the Assignment and Assumption Agreement of Surface Lease 20040002 by and among Sentinel Mountain Associates, L.P., Southwest
Range Wildlife Foundation and the State of Texas dated December27, 2005, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement of
Surface Lease 20040002 by and among Southwest Range Wildlife Foundation, Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp. and the State of Texas,
dated March6, 2013 and the Memorandum of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Surface Lease) by and between Texas Mineral
Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC dated May17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.25 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.26 Ground
Water Lease SL20150003 between the State of Texas and Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp. dated August 1, 2014 as assigned by the
Memorandum of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Ground Water Lease) by and between Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top
Mountain Development, LLC dated May 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.27 Mining
Lease Agreement M-113117 (860 acres), dated September 2, 2011 between the State of Texas and Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp,
as amended by the First Amendment to Mining Lease No. M-113117 dated January 26, 2012, Second Amendment to Mining Lease No.
M-113117 dated March 29, 2012 and Third Amendment to Mining Lease no. M-1131117 dated October 3, 2022 (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.27 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on
February 13, 2025).

10.28 Mining
Lease Agreement M-113629 (90 acres), dated November 1, 2011, between the State of Texas and Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp.
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed
by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.29 Memorandum
of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Mining Leases) by and between Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development,
LLC dated May17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 filed with the Registration Statement on Form
S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.30 Amendment
No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025, by and among IPXX, USARE OpCo and Michael Blitzer (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on January
28, 2025).

10.31 Form
of Forward Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711)
filed by the registrant on March 11, 2025).

10.32* Assignment
and Assumption of Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II), USA Rare Earth, LLC and Joshua Ballard.

10.33 Assignment
and Assumption of Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II), USA Rare Earth, LLC and William Robert Steele Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report
on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 17, 2025).

10.34 Employment
Agreement, effective as of March 24, 2025, between USA Rare Earth, Inc. and William Robert Steele Jr. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 17, 2025).

10.35*+ USA Rare Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan.

10.36*+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.

10.37* Termination Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II) and Michael Blitzer.

10.38 Form of Seventh Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Annex K filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.39* Form of Restricted Stock Agreement.

10.40* Form of Indemnification Agreement.

20

16.1 Letter Regarding Change in Accountants (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 16.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

21.1* List of Subsidiaries of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

99.1* Audited
financial statements of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II), as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and
for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.2* Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II), as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.3* Audited
financial statements of USA Rare Earth, LLC as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.4* Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of USA Rare Earth, LLC, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.5* Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and USA Rare Earth, LLC, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024.

99.6* Press Release announcing
the Closing of the Business Combination and Upsized PIPE Funding.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Filed or furnished herewith.

The annexes schedules,
and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees
to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

# The Registrant has redacted
provisions or terms of this exhibit pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). While portions of the exhibit have been
redacted, this exhibit includes a prominent statement on the first page of the exhibit that certain identified information has been
excluded from the exhibit because it is both not material and is the type that the Registrant treats as private or confidential.
The Registrant agrees to furnish an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the SEC upon its request

+ Management contract or
compensatory plan or arrangement.

21

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 19, 2025 USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: /s/ David Kronenfeld

Name: David Kronenfeld

Title: Chief Legal Officer

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.4
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex2-4_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF MERGER OF IPXX MERGER SUB, LLC WITH AND INTO USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.4

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER

OF

IPXX MERGER SUB, LLC

WITH AND INTO

USA RARE EARTH, LLC

March 13, 2025

Pursuant to Title 6, Section
18-209 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, as amended, the undersigned has executed the following Certificate of Merger:

1. The name and jurisdiction of formation of the surviving limited liability company is USA Rare Earth, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Surviving LLC).

2. The name and jurisdiction of formation of the limited liability company being merged into the Surviving
LLC is IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Merging LLC).

3. The name of the Surviving LLC shall remain as USA Rare Earth, LLC.

4. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted,
certified, executed, and acknowledged by each of the Surviving LLC and the Merging LLC.

5. The Merger Agreement is on file at the principal place of business of the Surviving LLC: c/o USA Rare
Earth, LLC, 100 W Airport Road, Stillwater, OK 74075.

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving LLC, on request and without cost, to
any member of the Surviving LLC or the Merging LLC.

7. This Certificate of Merger shall become effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving LLC has
caused this Certificate of Merger to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

SURVIVING LLC:

USA Rare Earth, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Joshua Ballard

Name: Joshua Ballard

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature page to USA Rare Earth, LLC - Certificate
of Merger]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex2-5_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLAN OF DOMESTICATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.5

Execution Version

PLAN OF DOMESTICATION

This PLAN OF DOMESTICATION
(the Plan of Domestication) is made on March 12, 2025 and sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (IPXX), shall effect a domestication into a Delaware
corporation (the Domestication) to be known as USA Rare Earth, Inc., pursuant to Sections 265 and 388 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, IPXX is a
Cayman Islands exempted company duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands;

WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of IPXX (the Board) has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of IPXX that IPXX
be converted into and thereafter become, and continue to exist as, a corporation in accordance with Sections 265 and 388 of the DGCL;
and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 265(h) of the DGCL, the Board has duly approved, authorized, adopted, ratified and confirmed the Domestication pursuant to Sections
265 and 388 of the DGCL.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, IPXX agrees as follows:

1. Domestication.
Upon the Certificate of Domestication and the Certificate of Incorporation becoming effective under Section 103 of the DGCL (the Effective
Time), IPXX will be converted into a Delaware corporation, pursuant to Sections 265 and 388 of the DGCL, under the name USA
Rare Earth, Inc. (the Corporation) and will, for all purposes of the laws of the State of Delaware, be deemed
to be the same entity as IPXX. IPXX will not be required to wind up its affairs or pay its liabilities and distribute its assets, and
the Domestication will not be deemed to constitute a dissolution of IPXX and will constitute a continuation of the existence of IPXX in
the form of a Delaware corporation.

2. Effective Time.
IPXX shall file the Certificate of Domestication, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and the Certificate of Incorporation,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of Incorporation), with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to Sections 103 and 265 of the DGCL.

3. Conversion of Securities.
By virtue of the Domestication:

(a) each of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares of IPXX will convert automatically, on
a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock of the Corporation having the rights, powers and privileges, and the obligations, set
forth in the Certificate of Incorporation;

(b) each of the then issued and outstanding public warrants of IPXX will convert automatically into a public
warrant to acquire one share of the Corporations common stock, pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, between IPXX
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement);

(c) each of the then issued and outstanding private placement warrants of IPXX will convert automatically
into a private placement warrant to acquire one share of the Corporations common stock, pursuant to the Warrant Agreement; and

(d) each of the then issued and outstanding units of IPXX that have not been previously separated into the
underlying Class A ordinary shares and underlying public warrants of IPXX upon the request of the holder thereof, will be cancelled and
will entitle the holder thereof to one share of common stock of the Corporation and one-half of one public warrant to acquire one share
of common stock of the Corporation.

4. Tax Matters. For United
States federal income tax purposes, the Domestication is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and this Plan of Domestication is intended to constitute
a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a).

5. Governing Documents.
(i) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of IPXX (initially filed in accordance with the Companies Law of the Cayman
Islands) shall be canceled and the Memorandum and Amended and Restated Articles of Association of IPXX, adopted by special resolution
dated as of May 24, 2023 and effective as of May 24, 2023, as amended by special resolution dated as of November 18, 2024 and effective
as of November 18, 2024, as may be amended, modified or supplemented, shall be terminated and be of no further force or effect and (ii)
from and after the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, and the Bylaws
of the Corporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Bylaws), will govern the affairs
of the Corporation and the conduct of its business, until thereafter amended in accordance with the DGCL and their respective terms.

6. Board of Directors.
Each member of the Board as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be a director of the Corporation from and after the Effective
Time, each of whom shall serve as directors of the Corporation until such time as their respective successors have been duly elected and
qualified, or until such directors earlier removal, resignation, death or disability, in each case, in accordance with the DGCL,
the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws.

7. Officers. Each
officer of IPXX as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be an officer of the Corporation from and after the Effective Time,
and shall retain the same title with the Corporation from and after the Effective Time as he or she had with IPXX immediately prior to
the Effective Time, each of whom shall serve until such time as their respective successors have been designated by the board of directors,
or until such officers earlier removal, resignation, death or disability, in each case, in accordance with the DGCL, the Certificate
of Incorporation and the Bylaws.

8. Effects of Domestication.
Immediately upon the Effective Time, the Domestication shall have the effects set forth in Section 265(f) of the DGCL, including, without
limitation, all of the rights, privileges and powers of IPXX, and all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to IPXX, as
well as all other things and causes of action belonging to IPXX, will remain vested in the Corporation and will be the property of the
Corporation and the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise in IPXX will not revert or be in any way impaired by reason
of the DGCL. Following the Domestication, all rights of creditors and all liens upon any property of IPXX will be preserved unimpaired,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of IPXX will remain attached to the Corporation, and may be enforced against the Corporation to
the same extent as if said debts, liabilities and duties had originally been incurred or contracted by the Corporation. The rights, privileges,
powers and interests in property of IPXX as well as the debts, liabilities and duties of IPXX, will not be deemed, as a consequence of
the Domestication, to have been transferred to the Corporation for any purpose of the laws of the State of Delaware.

9. Further Assurances.
If at any time the Corporation, or its successors or assigns, shall consider or be advised that any further assignments or assurances
in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Plan of Domestication, IPXX and its directors and
authorized officers shall be deemed to have granted to the Corporation an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such
proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts necessary or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession
of such rights, properties or assets in the Corporation and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Plan of Domestication, and the
directors and authorized officers of the Corporation are fully authorized in the name of IPXX or otherwise to take any and all such action.

10. Amendment or Termination.
This Plan of Domestication may be amended or terminated at any time before the Effective Time by action of the Board.

11. Miscellaneous.
The provisions of this Plan of Domestication shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. This Plan of Domestication shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
including the DGCL, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provisions or rule (except to the extent that the laws
of the Cayman Islands govern the Domestication) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State
of Delaware. This Plan of Domestication may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all
of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

***

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Plan of Domestication has been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of IPXX as of the date first written above.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director 

[Signature Page to Plan of Domestication]

Exhibit A

Certificate of Domestication

[intentionally omitted]

Exhibit B

Certificate of Incorporation

[intentionally omitted]

Exhibit C

Bylaws

[intentionally omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex3-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF CORPORATE DOMESTICATION OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

STATE OF DELAWARE

CERTIFICATE OF DOMESTICATION

FROM A NON-DELAWARE
CORPORATION

TO A DELAWARE CORPORATION

PURSUANT TO SECTION
388 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION
LAW

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, presently
a Cayman Islands exempted company, organized and existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Non-Delaware Corporation),
does hereby certify:

1) The Non-Delaware Corporation was first formed on March 6, 2023.

2) The name under which the Non-Delaware Corporation first formed was Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, and the jurisdiction where the Non-Delaware Corporation first formed is the Cayman Islands.

3) The name of the Non-Delaware Corporation immediately prior to filing this Certificate is Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

4) The jurisdiction that constituted the seat, siege social, or principal place of business or central administration of the Non-Delaware Corporation or any other equivalent thereto under applicable law, immediately prior to the filing of this Certificate is the Cayman Islands.

5) The name of the Corporation as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation is USA Rare Earth, Inc.

6) The domestication has been approved in the manner provided for by the document, instrument, agreement or other writing, as the case may be, governing the internal affairs of the Non-Delaware Corporation and the conduct of its business or by applicable non-Delaware law, as appropriate.

***

This Certificate of Incorporation shall be
effective on March 12, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).

[Signature on next
page.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned being
duly authorized to sign on behalf of the converting Non-Delaware Corporation has executed this Certificate on the 12th day
of March, 2025.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

a Cayman Islands company

/s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director

[Signature Page to Certificate of Domestication]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex3-2_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

* * * * *

ARTICLE I

NAME

The name of the Corporation
is USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT

The address of the registered
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1521 Concord Pike, Suite 201, Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware,
19803. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporate Creations Network Inc.

ARTICLE III

PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL STOCK

A. The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 800,000,000, which shall be divided
into two classes as follows:

750,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock); and

50,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock).

B. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions,
to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for one or more series of Preferred Stock and, with respect to each such series,
to fix the designation of such series, the powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional and other
special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series of Preferred Stock and the number of shares
of such series, which number the Board of Directors may, except where otherwise provided in the designation of such series, increase (but
not above the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then
outstanding) and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights
of, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each series of Preferred Stock, if any, may differ from those of any
and all other series at any time outstanding. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Certificate of Incorporation (including any
certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock), no vote of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock
shall be a prerequisite to the issuance of any shares of any series of the Preferred Stock so authorized in accordance with this Certificate
of Incorporation.

C. Each
holder of record of Common Stock, as such, shall have one vote for each share of Common Stock that is outstanding in his, her or its name
on the books of the Corporation on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally. The holders of shares of Common Stock
shall not have cumulative voting rights. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on
any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock)
that relates solely to the terms, number of shares, powers, designations, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other special
rights (including, without limitation, voting rights), or to qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of one or more outstanding
series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or
more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL.

D. Except
as otherwise required by law, holders of any series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to only such voting rights, if any, as shall
expressly be granted thereto by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to such series of
Preferred Stock).

E. Subject
to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of stock
having a preference over or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and other distributions
in cash, property or shares of stock of the Corporation, dividends and other distributions may be declared and paid ratably on the Common
Stock out of the assets of the Corporation that are legally available for this purpose at such times and in such amounts as the Board
of Directors in its discretion shall determine.

F. Upon
the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities
of the Corporation and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series
of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the distribution of assets of the
Corporation upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares held
by them.

2

G. The
number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof
then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto) on a one vote per share basis,
and no vote of the holders of any of the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor,
unless a vote of any such holder is required pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock).

ARTICLE V

AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
AND BYLAWS

A. In
addition to any vote required by applicable law or this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock), the amendment, alteration, repeal or rescission of, in whole or in part, or the adoption of any provision
inconsistent with, the following provisions in this Certificate of Incorporation shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least 66&frac23;% in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together
as a single class: this Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX and Article X(B).

B. The
Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind, in whole or in part, the bylaws of the Corporation
(as in effect from time to time, the Bylaws) without the assent or vote of the stockholders in any manner not inconsistent
with the laws of the State of Delaware or this Certificate of Incorporation. In addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series
of capital stock of the Corporation required by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to
any series of Preferred Stock), by the Bylaws or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power
of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required
in order for the stockholders of the Corporation to alter, amend, repeal or rescind, in whole or in part, any provision of the Bylaws
or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith.

ARTICLE VI

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A. Except
as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by
or under the direction of the Board of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors,
the number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time solely by resolution of the majority of the Board of Directors.
No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

B. Subject
to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, at each annual meeting of stockholders,
the directors of the Company shall be elected annually by stockholders and shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification or removal. 

3

C. Subject to the rights granted
to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly-created directorship on the Board of Directors
that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors (whether by death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause) shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less
than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by the stockholders). Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created
directorship shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified,
or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

D. Elections
of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide.

E. Pursuant
to the Bylaws, the Board of Directors may establish one or more committees to which may be delegated any or all of the powers and duties
of the Board of Directors to the full extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE VII

LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR AND OFFICER LIABILITY

A. To
the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, a director or officer of the Corporation shall
not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation
or its stockholders. If the DGCL is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability
of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest
extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended, automatically and without further action, upon the date of such amendment.

B. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses
to) directors, officers and agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation to provide
indemnification and advancement of expenses) through provisions of the Bylaws, agreements with such persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise. Any repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of
any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

C. Neither
the amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, nor, to the
fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any modification of law shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any right or protection
of a current or former director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification.

4

ARTICLE VIII

CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS IN LIEU OF MEETING,
ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

A. Any
action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting
of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders by such holders; provided, however,
that any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or separately as a
class with one or more other such series, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, to the extent expressly
so provided by the applicable certificate(s) of designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock.

B. Except
as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders
of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time only by or at the direction of the Chair of the Board of Directors
or by a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors that the Company would have if there
were no vacancies on the Board of Directors (the Whole Board), but such special meetings may not be called by stockholders
or any other Person or Persons.

C. An
annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before
the meeting, shall be held at such place, if any, on such date, and at such time as shall be fixed exclusively by resolution adopted by
the affirmative vote of the Whole Board or a duly authorized committee thereof.

ARTICLE IX

CERTAIN
STOCKHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS

A. In
recognition and anticipation that certain members of the Board who are not employees of the Corporation or a majority owned subsidiary
thereof (Non-Employee Directors) and their respective Affiliates or Affiliated Entities (each as defined below) may
now engage and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions of this Article IX are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs
of the Corporation with respect to certain classes or categories of business opportunities as they may involve any of the Non-Employee
Directors or their respective Affiliates or Affiliated Entities and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Corporation and
its directors, officers and stockholders in connection therewith.

5

B. No
Non-Employee Director or his or her Affiliates or Affiliated Entities (the Persons (as defined below) being referred to, collectively,
as Identified Persons and, individually, as an Identified Person) shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, have any duty to refrain from directly or indirectly (1) engaging in the same or similar business activities or lines
of business in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates now engages or proposes to engage or (2) otherwise competing with the Corporation
or any of its Affiliates, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no Identified Person shall be liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such Identified
Person engages in any such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for an Identified
Person and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section C of this Article IX. Subject to Section C of this
Article IX, in the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which
may be a corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, such Identified Person shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or other business opportunity to the Corporation
or any of its Affiliates and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders or to
any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty as a stockholder or director of the Corporation solely by reason of
the fact that such Identified Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself, offers or directs
such corporate opportunity to another Person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation
or any Affiliate of the Corporation.

C. The
Corporation does not renounce its interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any Non-Employee Director if such opportunity is expressly
offered to such Person solely in his or her capacity as a director of the Corporation, and the provisions of Section B of this Article
IX shall not apply to any such corporate opportunity.

D. In
addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IX, a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed to be a potential
corporate opportunity for the Corporation if it is a business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is neither financially or legally able,
nor contractually permitted, to undertake, (ii) from its nature, is not in the line of the Corporations business or is of no practical
advantage to the Corporation or (iii) is one in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy.

E. Solely
for purposes of this Article IX, (i) Affiliate shall mean (1) in respect of a Non-Employee Director,
any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by such Non-Employee Director (other than the Corporation and any entity
that is controlled by the Corporation) and (2) in respect of the Corporation, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled
by the Corporation; (ii) Affiliated Entity shall mean (x) any Person of which a Non-Employee Director serves as an officer,
director, employee, agent or other representative (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation), (y)
any direct or indirect partner, stockholder, member, manager or other representative of such Person or (z) any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing; and (iii) Person shall mean any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, trust, association or any other entity.

F. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital
stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article IX.

6

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

A. If
any provision or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any
circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and
of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this
Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii)
to the fullest extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such
portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in
respect of their good faith service or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law.

B. Subject
to the last sentence of this Article X(B), unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction another state or federal court (as appropriate)
located within the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations
stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director
or officer of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as either
may be amended and/or restated from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America
will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities
laws of the United States of America, including the Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act of 1934.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to the provisions of this Article X(B).

7

ARTICLE XI

INCORPORATOR

A. The
name and mailing address of the sole incorporator is as follows:

Michael Blitzer 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

B. The
powers of the incorporator are to terminate upon the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware. The names and mailing addresses of the persons who are to serve as the directors of the Corporation until the first annual
meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation,
retirement, or removal from office, are as follows:

Michael Blitzer 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Nicholas Shekerdemian 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Paula Sutter 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Elliot Richmond 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Erica Dorfman 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Samuel Sayegh 

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

* * *

This Certificate of Incorporation shall be effective
on March 12, 2025 at 2:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the incorporator has caused the Certificate of Incorporation to be executed on this day of March 12, 2025.

USA Rare Earth, Inc. 

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Sole Incorporator 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex3-3_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAWS OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

BYLAWS

Table of Contents

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 1

1. Time and Place of Meetings 1

2. Annual Meetings 1

3. Special Meetings 1

4. Notice of Meetings 1

5. Inspectors 1

6. Quorum 2

7. Voting; Proxies 2

8. Order of Business 2

9. Notice of Stockholder Proposals 2

10. Notice of Director Nominations 5

11. Additional Provisions Relating to the Notice of Stockholder Business and Director Nominations 7

12. Record Dates 8

13. Recesses and Adjournments 9

DIRECTORS 9

14. Function 9

15. Number, Election and Terms 9

16. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships 9

17. Removal 10

18. Resignation 10

19. Regular Meetings 10

20. Special Meetings 10

21. Quorum; Voting 10

22. Participation in Meetings by Remote Communications 10

23. Committees 11

24. Compensation 11

25. Rules 11

26. Chairman of the Board 11

27. Indemnification 12

i

Table of Contents

(Continued)

NOTICES 14

28. Generally 14

29. Waivers 15

OFFICERS 15

30. Generally 15

31. Compensation 16

32. Succession 16

33. Authority and Duties 16

STOCK 16

34. Certificates 16

35. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 17

TRANSFERS 17

36. Transfers Generally 17

37. Lock-Up. 17

GENERAL 20

38. Fiscal Year 20

39. Reliance upon Books, Reports and Records 21

40. Amendments 21

41. Certain Defined Terms 21

ii

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

1. Time and Place
of Meetings. All meetings of stockholders will be held at such time and place, within
or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by the Board of Directors (the Board) of USA Rare
Earth, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company), from time to time in such manner as set forth in the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board
may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders will not be held at any place, but may instead be held by means
of remote communications in accordance with Section 211(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the
DGCL), subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt from time to time. The Board may
cancel or reschedule to an earlier or later date any previously scheduled annual or special meeting of stockholders.

2. Annual Meetings.
At each annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders will elect the directors from the nominees for director and will transact such
other business, in such case as may properly be brought before the meeting in accordance with Sections 8, 9, 10
and 11.

3. Special Meetings.

(a) General.
A special meeting of stockholders may be called only by such persons and only in such manner as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation,
in each case to transact only such business as is specified in the notice of such meeting.

(b) Meetings
of Preferred Stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3, special meetings of holders of
any outstanding Preferred Stock may be called in the manner and for the purposes provided in the applicable Preferred Stock Designation.

4. Notice of Meetings.
Notice of every meeting of stockholders, stating the place, if any, date and time thereof, the means of remote communications, if any,
by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special
meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, will be given, in a form permitted by Section 28 or by
the DGCL, not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such
meeting, except as otherwise provided by law. When a meeting is recessed or adjourned to another place, date, or time, notice need not
be given of the recessed or adjourned meeting if the place, if any, date and time thereof, and the means of remote communications, if
any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such recessed or adjourned meeting, are
(a) announced at the meeting at which the recess or adjournment is taken (b) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting,
on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication
or (c) set forth in the notice of meeting; provided, however, that if the recess or adjournment is for more
than 30 days, or if after the recess or adjournment a new record date is fixed for the recessed or adjourned meeting, written notice
of the place, if any, date and time thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders
may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such recessed or adjourned meeting, must be given in conformity herewith.

5. Inspectors.
The Board will, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report
thereof. The Board may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector
or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the presiding officer of the meeting will appoint one or more inspectors to
act at the meeting.

6. Quorum.
Except as otherwise provided by law or in a Preferred Stock Designation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at a
meeting of stockholders for the transaction of business thereat. A quorum, once established, will not be broken by the subsequent withdrawal
of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such a quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders,
the presiding officer of the meeting shall have the power to recess or adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided
in Section 13, until a quorum is present or represented.

7. Voting; Proxies.

(a) General.
Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, or in a Preferred Stock Designation, each stockholder will be
entitled at every meeting of the stockholders to one vote for each share of stock having voting power standing in the name of such stockholder
on the books of the Company on the record date for the meeting and such votes may be cast either in person or by proxy. Every proxy must
be authorized in a manner permitted by Section 212 of the DGCL (or any successor provision) and may be documented, signed and delivered
in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL (or any successor provision) provided that such authorization shall set forth, or be delivered
with, information enabling the Company to reasonably determine the identity of the stockholder granting such authorization.

(b) Vote
Required for Stockholder Action. When a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders, the affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes properly cast on the matter (excluding any abstentions or broker non-votes) will be the act of the stockholders with respect to
all matters other than the election of directors (who will be elected by a plurality of all votes properly cast), except as otherwise
provided in these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, a Preferred Stock Designation, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange
applicable to the Corporation, or by law.

8. Order of Business.
The Chairman, or an officer of the Company designated from time to time by a majority of the total number of directors that the Company
would have if there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors (the Whole Board), will call meetings of
stockholders to order and will act as presiding officer thereof. Unless otherwise determined by the Board prior to the meeting, the presiding
officer of any meeting of stockholders will also determine the order of business and have the authority in his or her sole discretion
to determine the rules of procedure and regulate the conduct of the meeting, including without limitation by: (a) imposing restrictions
on the persons (other than stockholders of the Company or their duly appointed proxy holders) that may attend the meeting; (b) ascertaining
whether any stockholder or his or her proxy holder may be excluded from the meeting based upon any determination by the presiding officer,
in his or her sole discretion, that any such person has disrupted or is likely to disrupt the proceedings thereat; (c) determining the
circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions at the meeting; (d) ruling on all procedural questions that may
arise during or in connection with the meeting; (e) determining whether any nomination or business proposed to be brought before the
meeting has been properly brought before the meeting; and (f) determining the time or times at which the polls for voting at the meeting
will be opened and closed.

9. Notice of Stockholder
Proposals.

(a) Business
to Be Conducted at Annual Meeting. At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business may be conducted as has been properly
brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business (other than the nomination of a person for election
as a director, which is governed by Section 10, and, to the extent applicable, Section 11), must be (i) specified
in the notice of such meeting (or any supplement or amendment thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board or any authorized committee
of the Board, (ii) otherwise brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) otherwise properly brought before
the meeting by a stockholder who (A) has complied with all applicable requirements of this Section 9 and Section 11
in relation to such business, (B) was a stockholder of record of the Company at the time of giving the notice required by Section 11(a)
and is a stockholder of record of the Company at the time of the annual meeting, and (C) is entitled to vote at the annual meeting. For
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (iii) will be the exclusive means for a stockholder to submit business before an annual meeting
of stockholders.

2

(b) Required
Form for Stockholder Proposals. To be in proper form, regardless of whether the subject matter is already the subject of any notice
to stockholders from the Board, a stockholders notice to the Secretary must set forth in writing, on the form provided to the stockholder
upon written request to the Secretary and verification that the requesting party is a stockholder or is acting on behalf of a stockholder,
the following information, which must be updated and supplemented, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided
will be true and correct on the record date of the annual meeting and as of such date that is ten business days prior to the annual meeting
or any adjournment or postponement thereof; which update shall be delivered to the Secretary no later than five business days after the
record date for the Annual Meeting and not later than eight business days prior to the date of the Annual Meeting.

(i) Information
Regarding the Proposing Person. As to each Proposing Person (as such term is defined in Section 11(d)(ii)):

(A) the
name and address of such Proposing Person, as they appear on the Companys stock transfer book;

(B) the
class, series and number of shares of the Company directly or indirectly beneficially owned or held of record by such Proposing Person
(including any shares of any class or series of the Company as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership,
whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time);

(C) a
representation (1) that the stockholder giving the notice is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at the annual
meeting and intends to appear at the annual meeting to bring such business before the annual meeting and (2) as to whether any Proposing
Person intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of shares of the Company entitled
to vote and required to approve the proposal and, if so, identifying such Proposing Person;

(D) a
description of any (1) option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or similar right or interest (including any derivative
securities, as defined under Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)
or other synthetic arrangement having characteristics of a long position), assuming for purposes of these Bylaws presently exercisable,
with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement or payment mechanism at a price related to any class or series of securities
of the Company or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of securities of the Company, whether
or not such instrument or right is subject to settlement in whole or in part in the underlying class or series of securities of the Company
or otherwise, directly or indirectly held of record or owned beneficially by such Proposing Person and whether or not such Proposing Person
may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effects of such security or instrument and (2) each other direct
or indirect right or interest that may enable such Proposing Person to profit or share in any profit derived from, or to manage the risk
or benefit from, any increase or decrease in the value of the Companys securities, in each case regardless of whether (x) such
right or interest conveys any voting rights in such security to such Proposing Person, (y) such right or interest is required to be, or
is capable of being, settled through delivery of such security, or (z) such Proposing Person may have entered into other transactions
that hedge the economic effect of any such right or interest (any such right or interest referred to in this clause (D) being a Derivative
Interest);

3

(E) any
proxy, contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which the Proposing Person has a right to vote any
shares of the Company or which has the effect of increasing or decreasing the voting power of such Proposing Person;

(F) any
contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship including any repurchase or similar so called stock borrowing
agreement or arrangement, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss, reduce economic risk or increase or decrease voting power
with respect to any capital stock of the Company or which provides any party, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any
decrease in the price or value of the capital stock of the Company;

(G) any
material pending or threatened legal proceeding involving the Company, any affiliate of the Company or any of their respective directors
or officers, to which such Proposing Person or its affiliates is a party;

(H) any
rights directly or indirectly held of record or beneficially by the Proposing Person to dividends on the shares of the Company that are
separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Company;

(I) any
equity interests, including any convertible, derivative or short interests, in any principal competitor of the Company;

(J) any
performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which the Proposing Person or any affiliate or immediate family member of
the Proposing Person may be entitled as a result of any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Company or Derivative Interests;

(K) a
representation whether the stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or other business proposal is being
made, any control person, or any other participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) will engage in a solicitation
with respect to such nomination or other business proposal and, if so, the name of each participant in such solicitation; and a statement:
(1) confirming whether, the stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person intends, or is part of a group that (x) in the case of
a nomination, intends to solicit proxies or votes in support of such director nominees or nomination in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under
the Exchange Act, including but not limited to, delivering a proxy statement and form of proxy and soliciting at least the percentage
of the voting power of all of the shares of the stock of the Company required by Rule 14a-19(a)(3) and by applicable law to elect the
nominee, and (y) in the case of a business proposal, intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicit at least the percentage
of voting power of all of the shares of stock of the Company required under applicable law to approve the proposal; and (2) whether or
not any such stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of
such nomination or other business proposal;

(L) reasonable
evidence provided to the Company, promptly following the solicitation of proxies described in the foregoing section (K) and no later than
five business days before the meeting, that the stockholder has (x) in the case of a nomination, solicited proxies or votes in support
of such director nominees or nomination in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, including but not limited to, having delivered
a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicited at least the percentage of the voting power of all of the shares of the stock of the
Company required by Rule 14a-19(a)(3) and by applicable law to elect the nominee, or (y) in the case of a business proposal, has delivered
a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicited at least the percentage of voting power of all of the shares of stock of the Company
required under applicable law to approve the proposal; and

4

(M) any
other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required
pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act to be made in connection with a general solicitation of proxies or consents by such
Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting.

(ii) Information
Regarding the Proposal: As to each item of business that the stockholder giving the notice proposes to bring before the annual meeting:

(A) a
description in reasonable detail of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons why such stockholder
or any other Proposing Person believes that the taking of the action or actions proposed to be taken would be in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders;

(B) a
description in reasonable detail of any material interest of any Proposing Person in such business and a description in reasonable detail
of all agreements, arrangements and understandings among the Proposing Persons or between any Proposing Person and any other person or
entity (including their names) in connection with the proposal; and

(C) the
text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration).

(c) No
Right to Have Proposal Included. A stockholder is not entitled to have its proposal included in the Companys proxy statement
and form of proxy solely as a result of such stockholders compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.

(d) Requirement
to Attend Annual Meeting. If a stockholder does not appear at the annual meeting to present its proposal, such proposal will be disregarded
(notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such proposal may have been solicited, obtained or delivered).

10. Notice of Director
Nominations.

(a) Nomination
of Directors. Subject to the rights, if any, of any series of Preferred Stock to nominate or elect directors under circumstances specified
in a Preferred Stock Designation, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10
will be eligible to serve as directors. Nominations of persons for election as directors of the Company may be made only at an annual
meeting of stockholders and only (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) by a stockholder who (A) has complied with all applicable
requirements of this Section 10 and Section 11 in relation to such nomination, (B) was a stockholder of record
of the Company at the time of giving the notice required by Section 11(a) and is a stockholder of record of the Company at
the time of the annual meeting, (C) is entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (D) subject to Section 11, has nominated
a number of nominees that does not exceed the number of directors that will be elected at such meeting.

5

(b) Required
Form for Director Nominations. To be in proper form, a stockholders notice to the Secretary must set forth in writing, substantially
in the form provided to the stockholder upon written request to the Secretary, which form shall be provided only upon the receipt of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Secretary verifying that the requesting party is a stockholder or is acting on behalf of a stockholder:

(i) Information
Regarding the Nominating Person. As to each Nominating Person (as such term is defined in Section 11(d)(iii)), the information
set forth in Section 9(b)(i) (except that for purposes of this Section 10, the term Nominating Person
will be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places where it appears in Section 9(b)(i)
and any reference to business or proposal therein will be deemed to be a reference
to the nomination contemplated by this Section 10).

(ii) Information
Regarding the Nominee: As to each person whom the stockholder giving notice proposes to nominate for election as a director:

(A) all
information with respect to such proposed nominee that would be required to be set forth in a stockholders notice pursuant to Section 9(b)(i)
if such proposed nominee were a Nominating Person;

(B) all
information relating to such proposed nominee that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required pursuant
to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act to be made in connection with a general solicitation of proxies for an election of directors
in a contested election (including such proposed nominees written consent to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serve as a director if elected);

(C) a
reasonably detailed description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements or understandings
during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such Nominating Person and its affiliates and associates,
or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee and his or her affiliates, associates or others acting
in concert therewith, on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Items 403 and 404
under Regulation S-K if the stockholder giving the notice or any other Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes
of such rule and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant;

(D) a
completed questionnaire (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) with respect to the identity, background, qualifications
and independence of the proposed nominee and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made;
and

(E) a
written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that the proposed nominee (1) is qualified
and if elected intends to serve as a director of the Company until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such directors
successor is elected and qualified, (2) is not and will not become a party to (x) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with,
and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how the proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the
Company, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the
Company or (y) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with the proposed nominees ability to comply, if elected as
a director of the Company, with the proposed nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law, (3) is not and will not become a party
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect
compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein,
and (4) has read and, if elected as a director of the Company, the proposed nominee would be in compliance and will comply, with all applicable
publicly disclosed corporate governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines
of the Company.

6

The Company may require any proposed nominee to
furnish such other information as may be reasonably required by the Company to determine the qualifications and eligibility of such proposed
nominee to serve as a director.

(c) No
Right to Have Nominees Included. A stockholder is not entitled to have its nominees included in the Companys proxy statement
solely as a result of such stockholders compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.

(d) Requirement
to Attend Annual Meeting. If a stockholder does not appear at the annual meeting to present its nomination, such nomination will be
disregarded (notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been solicited, obtained or delivered).

11. Additional Provisions
Relating to the Notice of Stockholder Business and Director Nominations.

(a) Timely
Notice. To be timely, a stockholders notice required by Section 9(a) or Section 10(a) must be delivered
to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 nor more than 150 days
prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Companys definitive proxy statement was first sent to stockholders in connection
with the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders (which date shall, for purposes of the Corporations annual meeting
of stockholders in the year of the closing of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement be deemed to have occurred
on June 1 of such year); provided, however, that if the date of the annual meeting is scheduled for a date
more than 30 days prior to or more than 60 days after the anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder
to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the later of the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and
the 10th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event will a recess or adjournment
of an annual meeting (or any announcement of any such recess or adjournment) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for
the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the number of directors to
be elected to the Board at the annual meeting is increased by the Board, and there is no public announcement by the Company naming the
nominees for the additional directors at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Company held the preceding
years annual meeting of stockholders, a stockholders notice pursuant to Section 10(a) will be considered timely,
but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it is delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the
principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such public
announcement is first made by the Company.

(b) Updating
Information in Notice. A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting pursuant to Section 9
or notice of any nomination to be made at an annual meeting pursuant to Section 10 must further update and supplement such
notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to Section 9 or
Section 10, as applicable, is true and correct as of the record date for notice of the meeting and as of the date that is
ten days prior to the meeting or any recess, adjournment or postponement thereof. Any such update and supplement must be delivered to,
or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company, as promptly as practicable.

(c) Determinations
of Form, Effect of Noncompliance, Etc.

(i) The
presiding officer of any annual meeting will, if the facts warrant, determine that a proposal was not made in accordance with the procedures
prescribed by Section 9 and this Section 11 or that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures
prescribed by Section 10 and this Section 11, and if he or she should so determine, he or she will so declare
to the meeting and the defective proposal or nomination, as applicable, will be disregarded. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws
to the contrary: (A) no nominations shall be made or business shall be conducted at any annual meeting or special meeting except in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Sections 9, 10 and 11, and (B) unless otherwise required by law, if a Proposing
Person intending to propose business or a Nominating Person intending to make nominations at an annual meeting or special meeting pursuant
to Sections 9, 10 and 11, as applicable, does not provide the information required under Sections 9,
10 and 11 to the Company in accordance with the applicable timing requirements set forth in these Bylaws, or the Proposing
Person or Nominating Person (or a qualified representative thereof) does not appear at the meeting to present the proposed business or
nominations, such business or nominations shall not be considered, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business or nominations
may have been received by the Company.

7

(ii) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 9, 10 and 11 and unless otherwise required by law, if any Proposing Person (A) provides
notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to any nomination or business proposal and (B) subsequently fails
to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy
the Company that such Proposing Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act), then each applicable nomination
or business proposal shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the applicable nominee is included as a nominee in the Companys
proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that
proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Company (which proxies and votes shall
be disregarded).

(d) Certain
Definitions.

(i) For
purposes of Section 9 and Section 10 and this Section 11, public disclosure
means disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Bloomberg, Associated Press or comparable national news service
or in a document filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Exchange Act or furnished by the Company
to stockholders.

(ii) For
purposes of Section 9 and this Section 11, Proposing Person means (A) the stockholder
providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (B) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different,
on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is given, and (C) any Affiliate or Associate
(each within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of such stockholder or beneficial owner.

(iii) For
purposes of Section 10 and this Section 11, Nominating Person means (A) the stockholder
providing the notice of the nomination proposed made to be at an annual meeting, (B) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different,
on whose behalf the notice of nomination proposed to be made at the annual meeting is given, and (C) any Affiliate or Associate (each
within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of such stockholder or beneficial owner.

12. Record Dates.

(a) Voting
Record Dates. In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders, the Board
may fix a record date, which will not precede the date upon which the Board resolution fixing the same is adopted and will not be more
than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that
a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders will be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders
will apply to any recess or adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the recessed or adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the
record date for stockholders entitled to such notice of such recessed or adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for
determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 12(a) at the recessed
or adjourned meeting.

8

(b) Payment
Record Dates. In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock,
or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date will not be more than 60 days prior
to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose will be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto.

(c) Identity
of Registered Holder. The Company will be entitled to treat the person in whose name any share of its stock is registered as the owner
thereof for all purposes, and will not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such share on the part of
any other person, whether or not the Company has notice thereof, except as expressly provided by applicable law.

13. Recesses and Adjournments.
A meeting of stockholders may be recessed or adjourned from time to time by the presiding officer of the meeting. Upon any recessed or
adjourned meeting being reconvened, any business may be transacted which properly could have been transacted in the absence of such recess
or adjournment.

DIRECTORS

14. Function. The
business and affairs of the Company will be managed under the direction of the Board.

15. Number, Election and
Terms. Subject to the rights, if any, of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under circumstances specified
in a Preferred Stock Designation, and to the minimum and maximum number of authorized directors provided in the Certificate of Incorporation,
the authorized number of directors may be fixed from time to time only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. The
term that each director shall serve will be in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.

16. Vacancies and Newly
Created Directorships. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors
under circumstances specified in a Preferred Stock Designation, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized
number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause may be
filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board,
or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence will hold office until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until such directors successor is elected and qualified. No decrease in the authorized number of directors
will shorten the term of any incumbent director.

9

17. Removal. Except
as prohibited by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of
Preferred Stock to elect directors, any director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote
of the holders of at least a majority in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
on the election of such director, voting together as a single class.

18. Resignation. Any
director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman or the Secretary. Any resignation
is effective when the resignation is delivered to the Company unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective
date that is contingent upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more specified events.

19. Regular Meetings.
Regular meetings of the Board may be held immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders and at such other time and place either
within or without the State of Delaware as may from time to time be determined by the Board. Notice of regular meetings of the Board
need not be given.

20. Special Meetings.
Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman on one days notice to each director by whom such notice is not waived,
given in a manner permitted by Section 28 or by the DGCL, and will be called by the Chairman, in like manner and on like
notice, upon the request of a majority of the Whole Board. The time and place of any such special meeting shall be as specified in the
notice of such meeting.

21. Quorum; Voting.
At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Whole Board will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except for action
to be taken by committees of the Board as provided in Section 23, and except for actions required by these Bylaws or the
Certificate of Incorporation to be taken by a majority of the Whole Board, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting
at which there is a quorum will be the act of the Board. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, the directors present
thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time to another place, time, or date, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum is present. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or in the Certificate of Incorporation or as required by applicable
law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or applicable law, any action required to be taken at a
meeting of the Board or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all directors or members of such committee, as the case
may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and any consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner
permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. After an action is taken by unanimous written consent, such consent shall be filed with the
minutes of proceedings for the Board or committee in accordance with applicable law.

22. Participation in Meetings
by Remote Communications. Members of the Board or any committee designated by the Board may participate in a meeting of the Board
or any such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person at the meeting.

10

23. Committees. The
Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors. The Board may designate one or
more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee.
In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the
meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board,
or in these Bylaws, will have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs
of the Company, and may authorize the seal of the Company to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee will
have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any
action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for
approval or (b) making, adopting, amending or repealing any provision of these Bylaws. Unless the Board provides otherwise, each committee
designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules and procedures for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules
and procedures, each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business. Any resolution of the
Board establishing or directing any committee of the Board or establishing or amending the charter of any such committee may establish
requirements or procedures relating to the governance and/or operation of such committee that are different from, or in addition to,
those set forth in these Bylaws and, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between these Bylaws and any such resolution or charter,
the terms of such resolution or charter shall be controlling.

24. Compensation.
The Board may establish the compensation of directors, including without limitation compensation for membership on the Board and on committees
of the Board, attendance at meetings of the Board or committees of the Board, and for other services provided to the Company or at the
request of the Board.

25. Rules. The Board
may adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings and the oversight of the management of the affairs of the Company.

26. Chairman of the Board.
The Board, by a majority vote of the Whole Board, shall elect a Chairman from among the members of the Board. The Chairman shall not
be considered an officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such. The Chairman may be removed from that capacity by a majority
vote of the Whole Board. The Chairman shall preside at meetings of the Board and of the stockholders of the Company and exercise and
perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board or as may be prescribed by these
Bylaws. In the absence of the Chairman, such other director of the Company designated by the Chairman or by the Board shall act as chairman
of any such meeting. The Chairman or the Board may appoint a Vice Chairman of the Board to exercise and perform such other powers and
duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Chairman or by the Board.

11

27. Indemnification.

(a) Right
to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding),
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Company or, while serving as a director or officer of the
Company, is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation or
of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an
indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director,
officer, employee, agent or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee, shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
(but, in the case of any such amendment, if permitted, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification
rights than such law permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys
fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by
such indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that, except with respect to proceedings to enforce rights
to indemnification or advancement of expenses or with respect to any compulsory counterclaim brought by such indemnitee, the Company shall
indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or
part thereof) was authorized by the Board. Any reference to an officer of the Company in this Section 27 shall be deemed to
refer exclusively to the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company,
as applicable, appointed pursuant to these Bylaws, and to any Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or other officer
of the Company appointed by the Board pursuant to these Bylaws, including, without limitation, any executive officer for
purposes of Rule 3b-7 of the Exchange Act or officer for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and any reference to
an officer of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer
exclusively to an officer appointed by the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such other entity pursuant to the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws or equivalent organizational documents of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise. The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the Company or an employee of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, but not an officer thereof as described in the preceding
sentence, has been given or has used the title of Vice President or any other title that could be construed to suggest or
imply that such person is or may be such an officer of the Company or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, such an officer of the Company
or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of this Section 27.

(b) Right
to Advancement of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 27(a), an indemnitee shall
also have the right to be paid by the Company, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the expenses (including attorneys
fees) incurred by indemnitee in appearing at, participating in or defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition or
in connection with a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Section 27
(which shall be governed by Section 27(c) (hereinafter an advancement of expenses)); provided,
however, that, if the DGCL requires or in the case of an advancement of expenses made in a proceeding brought to establish
or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of the Company (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including,
without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made solely upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking (hereinafter
an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately
be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication)
that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under Section 27(a) and Section 27(b) or otherwise.

(c) Right
of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 27(a) or Section 27(b) is not paid in full by the Company
within (a) sixty (60) days after a written claim for indemnification has been received by the Company or (b) thirty (30) days after a
claim for an advancement of expenses has been received by the Company, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the
Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or to obtain advancement of expenses, as applicable. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such
suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought
by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 27 or otherwise shall be on the
Company.

12

(d) Indemnification
Not Exclusive.

(i) The
provision of indemnification to or the advancement of expenses and costs to any indemnitee under this Section 27, or the entitlement
of any indemnitee to indemnification or advancement of expenses and costs under this Section 27, shall not limit or restrict
in any way the power of the Company to indemnify or advance expenses and costs to such indemnitee in any other way permitted by law or
be deemed exclusive of, or invalidate, any right to which any indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses and costs
may be entitled under any law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such indemnitees
capacity as an officer, director, employee or agent of the Company and as to action in any other capacity.

(ii) Given
that certain jointly indemnifiable claims (as defined below) may arise due to the service of the indemnitee as a director and/or officer
of the Company at the request of the indemnitee-related entities (as defined below), the Company shall be fully and primarily responsible
for the payment to the indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of all expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws of
the Company (or any other agreement between the Company and such persons, as applicable) in connection with any such jointly indemnifiable
claims, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Section 27, irrespective of any right of recovery the indemnitee
may have from the indemnitee-related entities. Any obligation on the part of any indemnitee-related entities to indemnify or advance expenses
to any indemnitee shall be secondary to the Companys obligation and shall be reduced by any amount that the indemnitee may collect
as indemnification or advancement from the Company. The Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the indemnitee-related entities
from any and all claims it may have against the indemnitee-related entities for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any
kind in respect thereof. Under no circumstance shall the Company be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by the indemnitee-related
entities and no right of advancement or recovery the indemnitee may have from the indemnitee-related entities shall reduce or otherwise
alter the rights of the indemnitee or the obligations of the Company hereunder. In the event that any of the indemnitee-related entities
shall make any payment to the indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly indemnifiable
claim, the indemnitee-related entity making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of the indemnitee against the Company, and the indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may
be reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable the indemnitee-related
entities effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. Each of the indemnitee-related entities shall be third-party beneficiaries
with respect to this Section 27(d)(ii), entitled to enforce this Section 27(d)(ii).

For purposes of this Section 27(d)(ii), the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

(A) The
term indemnitee-related entities means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than the Company or any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for which the indemnitee has agreed, on behalf of the Company or at the
Companys request, to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described herein)
from whom an indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to which, in whole or in part, the
Company may also have an indemnification or advancement obligation (other than as a result of obligations under an insurance policy).

(B) The
term jointly indemnifiable claims shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, any action, suit or
proceeding for which the indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses from both the indemnitee-related entities
and the Company pursuant to Delaware law, any agreement or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, partnership agreement, operating agreement,
certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or comparable document or agreement.

13

(e) Corporate
Obligations; Reliance. The rights granted pursuant to the provisions of this Section 27 shall vest at the time a person
becomes a director or officer of the Company and shall be deemed to create a binding contractual obligation on the part of the Company
to the persons who from time to time are elected as officers or directors of the Company, and such persons in acting in their capacities
as officers or directors of the Company or any subsidiary shall be entitled to rely on such provisions of this Section 27
without giving notice thereof to the Company. Such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer
and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this
Section 27 that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit,
eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission
to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal.

(f) Insurance.
The Company may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the
Company or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether
or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

(g) Indemnification
of Employees and Agents of the Company and Others. The Company may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant
rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Company and to any person (in addition to
an indemnitee) serving at the request of the Company as an officer, director, employee or agent of any other enterprise to the fullest
extent of the provisions of this Section 27 with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of indemnitees
hereunder.

NOTICES

28. Generally.

(a) Form
of Notices. Except as otherwise provided by law, these Bylaws, or the Certificate of Incorporation, whenever by law or under the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it will not be construed
to require personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail or courier service or, to the extent permitted by the DGCL,
by electronic transmission, addressed to such director or stockholder. Any notice sent to stockholders by mail or courier service shall
be sent to the address of such stockholder as it appears on the records of the Company, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice
will be deemed to be given at the time when the same is deposited in the United States mail or with the courier service. Notices sent
by electronic transmission shall be deemed effective as set forth in Section 232 of the DGCL. For purposes of this Section 28,
electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission
of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced
in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process.

(b) Notices
to Directors. Notices to directors may be given by mail or courier service, telephone, electronic transmission or as otherwise may
be permitted by these Bylaws.

14

29. Waivers. Whenever
any notice is required to be given by law or under the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof
in writing, signed by the person entitled to such notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to such notice,
whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, will be deemed equivalent to such notice. Attendance of
a person at a meeting will constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose
of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

OFFICERS

30. Generally.

(a) The
officers of the Company will be elected by the Board and will consist of officers with titles and duties as determined by the Board, but
in any case shall include a Chief Executive Officer (which may be the President), a Treasurer and a Secretary. The Board may also choose
one or more Vice Presidents (who may be given particular designations with respect to authority, function, or seniority), one or more
Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board may from time to time determine. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Board may authorize the Chief Executive Officer to appoint any person to any office other than the Secretary or Treasurer.
Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any of the offices may be left vacant from time to time as the Board may determine.
In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the Company or for any other reason deemed sufficient by a majority of the
Board, the Board may delegate the absent or disabled officers powers or duties to any other officer or to any director.

(b) Chief
Executive Officer. Unless the Board has designated another person as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, the President shall
be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge and supervision of the business of
the Company, subject to the direction of the Board, and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the
office of chief executive or that are delegated to such officer by the Board. The President, if such exists, shall perform such other
duties and shall have such other powers as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer (if the President is not the Chief Executive Officer)
may from time to time prescribe.

(c) Vice
Presidents. Each Vice President shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time
by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer (or the President if there is no Chief Executive Officer). The Board or the Chief Executive
Officer (or the President if there is no Chief Executive Officer) may assign to any Vice President the title of Executive Vice President,
Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board.

(d) Secretary;
Assistant Secretary. The Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, shall attend all sessions of the Board and all meetings of the stockholders
and record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform like duties for committees
when required. He or she shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and meetings of the Board, and shall
perform such other duties as may be assigned by the Board. The Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, shall keep in safe custody the seal
of the Company and have authority to affix the seal to all documents requiring it and attest to the same.

(e) Treasurer;
Assistant Treasurer. The Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer, shall have the custody of the corporate funds and other property of
the Company, except as otherwise provided by the Board, and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books
belonging to the Company and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Company in such
depositories as may be designated by the Board. The Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer, shall disburse the funds of the Company as may
be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and whenever requested by the Board, shall render an account of
all his or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Company, and shall perform such other duties as may be
assigned by the Board.

15

(f) Delegation
of Authority. The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding
the provisions herein.

(g) Voting
Securities Owned by the Company. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating
to securities owned by the Company may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer, the President,
any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the
Company, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders
of any company in which the Company may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power
incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Company might have exercised and possessed if present.
The Board may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.

(h) Chairman
of the Board. The Board, in its discretion, may choose a Chairman (who shall be a director but need not be elected as an officer).
The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and all meetings of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall
perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these Bylaws or by the Board.

31. Compensation.
The compensation of all directors and the executive officers of the Company will be fixed by the Board or by a committee of the Board.
The Board may fix or delegate the power to fix, the compensation of other officers and agents of the Company to an officer of the Company.

32. Succession. The
officers of the Company will hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until such officers earlier death,
resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board. Any vacancy
occurring in any office of the Company may be filled by the Board or by the Chairman as provided in Section 30. Any officer
of the Company may resign at any time by giving written notice of his or her resignation to the Chief Executive Officer, the President
or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless such notice provides that the resignation is effective at some
later time or upon the occurrence of some later event.

33. Authority and Duties.
Each of the officers of the Company will have such authority and will perform such duties as are customarily incident to their respective
offices or as may be specified from time to time by the Board.

STOCK

34. Certificates.
The Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Company shall
be uncertificated shares. Certificates, if any, representing shares of stock of the Company will be in such form as is determined by
the Board, subject to applicable legal requirements. Each such certificate shall be numbered and shall be signed by, or in the name of
the Company by, the Chairman, or Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile signature. In case any officer,
transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such
officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Company with the same effect as if he
or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

16

35. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed
Certificates. The Secretary may direct a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares to be issued in place of any certificate
or certificates theretofore issued by the Company alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of
that fact, satisfactory to the Secretary, by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. As a condition
precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the Secretary may require the owners of such lost, stolen or destroyed
certificate or certificates to give the Company a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Secretary may direct as indemnity
against any claims that may be made against the Company with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed
or the issuance of the new certificate or uncertificated shares.

TRANSFERS

36. Transfers Generally.

(a) Transfers
of shares shall be made (i) upon the books of the Company only by the holder of record thereof, or by a duly authorized agent, transferee
or legal representative of such holder, and (ii) in the case of certificated shares, upon the surrender to the Company of the certificate
or certificates for such shares. No transfer shall be made that is inconsistent with the provisions of applicable law.

(b) The
Company shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series
of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes or series owned
by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL.

37. Lock-Up.

(a) Subject
to Section 37, the holders of Lock-Up Shares (the Lock-Up Holders), and their permitted transferees
in accordance with this Section 37, may not effect any Transfer of any Lock-up Shares until the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

(b) Permitted
Transfers. The restrictions set forth in Section 37(a) shall not apply to Transfers permitted by this Section 37(b)
or Transfers by any Lock-Up Holder following the expiration of the Lock-Up Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in these Bylaws, the Transfer restrictions set forth in Section 37(a), during the Lock-Up Period, shall not apply to:

(i) in
the case of an entity, Transfers to a stockholder, partner, member, equityholder or affiliate of such entity;

(ii) in
the case of an individual, Transfers by gift to members of the individuals immediate family (as defined below) or an affiliate
of such individual or to a trust, the sole owner of which affiliate or the beneficiary of which trust is a member of one of the individuals
immediate family;

(iii) Transfers
to a charitable organization;

(iv) Transfers
to any investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by such Lock-Up Holder or any of his, her or its affiliates;

(v) in
the case of an individual, Transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;

17

(vi) in
the case of an individual, Transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

(vii) in
the case of an entity, Transfers by virtue of the laws of the jurisdiction of the entitys organization and the entitys organizational
documents upon dissolution of the entity;

(viii) the
exercise of any options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (which exercises may be effected on a cashless basis
to the extent the instruments representing such options or warrants permit exercises on a cashless basis), provided that
the Lock-Up Holder shall comply with the Transfer restrictions set forth in this Section 37 applicable to such underlying shares
of common stock of the Company;

(ix) Transfers
to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or arrangements;

(x) Transfers
to the Company pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect at the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Business
Combination Agreement (such time is referred to in this Section 37 as, the Closing) that provides for
the repurchase by the Company or forfeiture of the Lock-Up Holders shares in the Company or other securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for shares in the Company in connection with the termination of the Lock-Up Holders service to the
Company;

(xi) the
entry, by the Lock-Up Holder, at any time after the Closing, into any trading plan providing for the sale of Lock-Up Shares by the Lock-Up
Holder, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act; provided, however,
that such plan does not provide for, or permit, the sale of any Lock-Up Shares during the Lock-Up Period and no public announcement or
filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan during the Lock-Up Period;

(xii) transactions
in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys
stockholders having the right to exchange their Lock-Up Shares for cash, securities or other property; and

(xiii) transactions
approved by the Board in its sole discretion to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, or local income tax obligations of the Lock-Up Holder
(or its direct or indirect owners) arising from a change in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
or the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder after the date on which the Business Combination Agreement was executed by the
parties thereto, and such change prevents such transaction from qualifying as a reorganization pursuant to Section 368
or as a transaction that qualifies for tax deferral under Section 351 of the Code (and such transaction does not qualify for similar
tax-free treatment pursuant to any successor or other provision of the Code or Regulations taking into account such changes), in each
case, solely and to the extent necessary to cover any tax liability as a direct result of the transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement;

provided, however,
that (x) in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), such Transfer does not involve a disposition for value and (y) in the case of clauses
(i) through (vii), the permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Board (it being
understood that any references to immediate family in the agreement executed by such transferee shall expressly refer only
to the immediate family of the Lock-Up Holder and not to the immediate family of the transferee), agreeing to be bound by the Transfer
restrictions set forth in this Section 37.

18

(c) Authority.

(i) Notwithstanding
the other provisions set forth in this Section 37, the Board may, in its sole discretion, determine to waive, amend, release or
repeal the Lock-Up obligations set forth herein, in whole or in part (including, without limitation, any waiver, amendment, release or
repeal, in connection with any agreement, investment, or otherwise); provided, that, any such waiver, amendment or repeal
of any Lock-Up obligations set forth herein shall require, in addition to any other vote of the members of the Board required to take
such action pursuant to these Bylaws or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the majority of the disinterested directors; provided,
however, that, to the extent the applicable Lock-Up Holder is a stockholder or other person is party to a contractual lock-up,
standoff, or similar agreement (a Lock-Up Agreement), no waiver, amendment or repeal of the Lock-Up obligations
set forth herein by the Board shall affect any provisions, rights, obligations or restrictions applicable to such Lock-Up Holder in such
Lock-Up Agreement, which provisions, rights, obligations and restrictions in the Lock-Up Agreement shall continue to apply to such Lock-Up
Holder and Lock-Up Shares held by such Lock-Up Holder in accordance with the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement. In the event there is any
conflict between these Bylaws and a Lock-Up Agreement, the terms of the Lock-Up Agreement shall prevail.

(d) Miscellaneous
Provisions Relating to Transfers of Lock-Up Shares.

(i) The
Company shall place customary restrictive legends on the certificates or book entries representing the Lock-Up Shares, in addition to
any legends required by applicable law or these Bylaws, and remove such restrictive legends reasonably promptly after the expiration of
the Lock-Up Period.

(ii) Any
attempt to Transfer any Lock-Up Shares that is not in compliance with this Section 37 shall be null and void ab initio, and the
Company shall not, and shall cause any transfer agent not to, give any effect in the Companys stock records to such attempted Transfer,
and the purported transferee in any such purported Transfer shall not be treated as the owner of such Lock-Up Shares for purposes of these
Bylaws (provided that this Section 37 shall continue to apply to such Lock-Up Shares).

(iii) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 37, the Lock-Up Shares, in each case, beneficially owned (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act) by a Lock-Up Holder shall remain subject to any restrictions on Transfer under applicable federal, state, local
or foreign securities laws, including all applicable holding periods under the Securities Act of 1933 and other rules of the Securities
Exchange Commission, and, as applicable, these Bylaws and the Certificate of Incorporation.

(e) Definitions.
For purposes of this Section 37:

(i) the
term affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(ii) The
term Former USARE Stockholders means the stockholders of the Company, excluding the Inflection Point Entities,
following the Closing that were formerly members of USA Rare Earth, LLC immediately prior to the Closing (and for the avoidance of doubt,
shall include those stockholders that were issued shares of common stock of the Company as consideration pursuant to, and in accordance
with, the Business Combination Agreement) and any stockholders of the Company with respect to shares of common stock of the Company that
are received pursuant to the permitted transfers under Section 37(b);

19

(iii) the
term immediate family shall mean a spouse, domestic partner, child, grandchild or other lineal descendant
(including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the Lock-Up Holder;

(iv) the
term Inflection Point Entities shall mean, collectively, Inflection Point Asset Management LLC, Kingstown
Capital Management L.P., Newtyn Management, LLC, and their respective affiliates (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the funds any
of them manage) and permitted transferees.

(v) the
term Lock-Up shall refer to the restrictions on the Transfers of Lock-Up Shares set forth in Section 37(a).

(vi) the
term Lock-Up Period means the period beginning on the date of Closing and ending on the date that is twelve
(12) months after the date of Closing.

(vii) the
term Lock-Up Shares means any shares of common stock of the Company that are or will be issued or are or will
be issuable to the Former USARE Stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, excluding
any (i) shares of common stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of any shares of the Companys Preferred Stock and (ii) shares
of common stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of any warrants that are or will be issued or are or will be issuable to the Former
USARE Stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; provided, however,
(A) that after the expiration of six months following the date of Closing, fifty percent (50%) of the Lock-Up Shares of any Former USARE
Stockholder that is subject to the Lock-Up shall cease to be Lock-Up Shares, and (B) that after the expiration of six months following
the date of Closing, if at any time, the closing price of the Companys common stock on the national securities exchange on which
such securities are listed equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (subject to adjustment for any stock splits or stock dividends with respect
to the Companys common stock) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period (such 30 trading day period to commence
no earlier than the expiration of six months following the date of Closing), the remaining Lock-Up Shares shall cease to be Lock-Up Shares.

(viii) The
term Transfer or Transfers means any action to (i) sell, offer to sell, contract
or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly,
or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder, any Lock-Up Shares,
any Lock-Up Shares issuable upon the exercise of any options or warrants to purchase Lock-Up Shares, or any securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for Lock-Up Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or
in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of such Lock-up Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Lock-Up Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise or
(iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

GENERAL

38. Fiscal Year. The
fiscal year of the Company will end on December 31 of each calendar year or such other date as may be fixed from time to time by the
Board.

20

39. Reliance upon Books,
Reports and Records. Each director, each member of a committee designated by the Board, and each officer of the Company will, in
the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Company and upon such information,
opinions, reports, or statements presented to the Company by any of the Companys officers or employees, or committees of the Board,
or by any other person or entity as to matters the director, committee member, or officer believes are within such other persons
professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company.

40. Amendments. Notwithstanding
any other provision of these Bylaws, any alteration, amendment or repeal of these Bylaws, or the adoption of new Bylaws, shall require
the approval of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation (including any applicable
Preferred Stock Designation) and applicable law.

41. Certain Defined Terms.

(a) Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the Certificate of Incorporation. The use of the term days
within these Bylaws, other than when referred to as business days, shall mean calendar days. The use of business
days shall mean days other than Saturday, Sunday, and any day designated as a federal holiday as observed by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. The use of including shall mean, including without limitation.

(b) Business
Combination Agreement shall mean that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among
the Company, USA Rare Earth, LLC, and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, as may be subsequently amended.

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex3-4_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>USA RARE EARTH, INC. CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF 12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.4

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT TO SECTION 151(g) OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

The undersigned, Michael Blitzer,
does hereby certify that:

1. He
is the Chief Executive Officer of USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2. The
Corporation is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which have been issued.

3. The
following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS, the certificate of
incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 50,000,000 shares,
$0.0001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of redemption and liquidation
preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series and the designation thereof,
of any of them; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire
of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating
to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of, except as otherwise set forth in the Purchase Agreement, up to 50,000,000
shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue, as follows:

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED,
that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or exchange of other securities,
rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of
preferred stock as follows:

TERMS OF 12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Accrued
Dividend shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Accrued
Value means, as of any date, with respect to each share of Preferred Stock as of the determination date, the sum, subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to
the Preferred Stock, of (i) the Stated Value per share of Preferred Stock, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of any accrued PIK Dividends
on such share of Preferred Stock as of such date, plus (iii) on each Semi-Annual Dividend Date and on a cumulative basis, an additional
amount equal to the dollar value of all Cash Dividends that have accrued on such share pursuant to Section 3(b), but only
to the extent such Cash Dividends have not been paid, whether or not declared, but that have not, as of such date, been added to the Accrued
Value.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Annual
Rate means with respect to a PIK Dividend, 12.0% of the Accrued Value and with respect to a Cash Dividend, 10% of the Accrued
Value.

Applicable
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(c).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Available
Proceeds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(i).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business
Combination means the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

Business
Combination Agreement means that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated November 12, 2024, and Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated
January 30, 2025, by and among the Corporation (or its predecessor), IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC, as it may be further
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

2

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(iv).

Cash Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto and all conditions precedent to (i) each Holders obligations to pay for the Securities and (ii) the Corporations
obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation and stock of any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Convertible
Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock;

Corporation
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Deemed
Liquidation Event means: (i) a merger or consolidation in which (a) the Corporation is a constituent party or (b) a subsidiary
of the Corporation is a constituent party and the Corporation issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation;
provided, that, a Deemed Liquidation Event shall not include any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary
in which the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to represent,
or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at
least a majority, by voting power, of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation; or (2) if the surviving or resulting
corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation
of such surviving or resulting corporation; or (ii) (a) the sale, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation
or any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
or (b) the sale or disposition (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, and whether in a single transaction or a series of related
transactions) of one (1) or more subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such sale is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation.

3

Delaware
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d).

Dilutive
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(c).

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Effective
Date means the date that the Registration Statement filed by the Corporation pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
is first declared effective by the Commission.

Equity
Conditions means (i) the Common Stock is duly authorized, listed and eligible for trading without restriction on a Trading
Market, (ii) a resale registration statement shall be declared effective covering all Common Stock issuable to the Holders (assuming for
this purpose that conversion occurs at a Conversion Price equal to the Floor Price), (iii) the Corporations filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission are current, (iv) issuance of additional shares of Common Stock to the applicable Holder will not violate
such Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation and (v) the Corporation is in compliance with the Transaction Documents in all material
respects.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(ii).

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) any securities of the Corporation to employees, officers or directors, consultants, contractors,
vendors or other agents of the Corporation pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for
services rendered to the Corporation, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued pursuant
to the Purchase Agreements or the Business Combination Agreement and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Subscription Date, provided that such securities have not been
amended since the Subscription Dates to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) the
Underlying Shares, (d) securities issued pursuant to any merger, acquisition or strategic transaction or partnership approved by a majority
of the directors of the Corporation, provided that (i) such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) or are issued pursuant to an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and (ii) any such
issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company
or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Corporation and shall provide to the Corporation additional
benefits in addition to the investment of funds, and (e) any securities issued by the Corporation pursuant to any legal settlement or
similar arrangement agreed or entered into by the Corporation, provided that, in the aggregate, not more than 204,358 shares
of Common Stock are issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion, settlement, exercise or exchange of any such securities that
are Options or Convertible Securities, but any such Exempt Issuance shall not include a transaction in which the Corporation
is issuing securities (i) primarily for the purpose of raising capital, including an at-the-market offering, and (ii) to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities.

4

Floor
Price means the lesser of (i) $5.00 (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or
similar transaction occurring after the date of the Purchase Agreement) and (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Inflection
Point Entities means, collectively, Inflection Point Asset Management LLC, Kingstown Capital Management L.P., Newtyn Management,
LLC, and their respective Affiliates (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the funds any of them manage).

Junior
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

New Issuance
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(c).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Option
Value means the value of an Option based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing model obtained from the OV function
on Bloomberg determined as of (A) the Trading Day prior to the public announcement of the issuance of the applicable Option, if the issuance
of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance
of such Option is not publicly announced, for pricing purpose and reflecting (i) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury
rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the applicable Option as of the applicable date of determination, (ii) an expected volatility
equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of (A) the Trading
Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B)
the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced,
(iii) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest weighted average price of the Common Stock during the
period beginning on the Trading Day prior to the execution of definitive documentation relating to the issuance of the applicable Option
and ending on (A) the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of such issuance, if the issuance of such Option is publicly
announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly
announced, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) a 360 day annualization factor.

5

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred
Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PIK Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Preferred
Stock Liquidation Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)(ii).

Preferred
Stock Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Purchase
Agreements means the several Securities Purchase Agreements, among the Corporation and the original Holders, as amended, modified
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i).

Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(ii).

Redemption
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i).

Redemption
Request shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Corporation and the original
Holders, in the form of Exhibit B attached to the Purchase Agreement.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Holder as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement, including the Initial Registration
Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and any additional Registration Statements which may be required thereunder.

6

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
means the Preferred Stock, the Warrants and the Underlying Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Semi-Annual
Dividend Date shall mean June 1 and December 1 of each year.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(i).

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(i).

Stated
Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Subscription
Date shall mean the date of the applicable Purchase Agreement.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Corporation as of the Closing Date and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Corporation formed or acquired after the earliest Subscription Date.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, all
exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Corporation, and any successor
transfer agent of the Corporation.

7

Underlying
Shares means the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB
or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common
Stock are then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices),
the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such
date, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in
good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Preferred Stock then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Corporation,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Corporation.

Warrant
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants in accordance with the terms
of the Warrants.

Warrants
means, collectively, the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Section 2. Designation,
Amount and Par Value.

(a) The
series of preferred stock shall be designated as its 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred
Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 15,000,000 (which shall not be subject to increase without the
written consent of the holders of 50% of the then outstanding Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively, the
Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share and a stated value equal to
$12.00 (the Stated Value).

8

(b) The
Corporation shall register, or cause its Transfer Agent to register, shares of the Preferred Stock upon records to be maintained by the
Corporation or its Transfer Agent for that purpose (the Preferred Stock Register), in the name of the Holders thereof
from time to time. The Corporation may deem and treat the registered Holder of shares of Preferred Stock as the absolute owner thereof
for the purpose of any conversion thereof and for all other purposes. The Corporation shall register, or cause its Transfer Agent to register,
the transfer of any shares of Preferred Stock in the Preferred Stock Register, upon surrender of the certificates evidencing such shares
to be transferred, duly endorsed by the Holder thereof, to the Corporation at its address specified herein and after such Holder shall
have provided to the Corporation such documentation and legal opinions, if any, as may be reasonably requested by the Corporation (including
any documentation required by the Transfer Agent with respect to such transfer). Upon the registration of such transfer, a new certificate
(to the extent such shares are certificated) evidencing the shares of Preferred Stock so transferred shall be issued to the transferee
and a new certificate evidencing the remaining portion of the shares not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder,
in each case, within three Business Days. The Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of the Preferred
Stock shall be uncertificated shares. The Corporation shall not be required to register, or cause its Transfer Agent to register, or record
any transfer of any shares of the Preferred Stock that would violate, conflict with, or fail to be in compliance with federal or state
securities laws.

Section 3. Dividends.

(a) From
and after the Closing, subject to the terms of this Section 3, cumulative dividends shall accrue on the Accrued Value of each
share of Preferred Stock at the Annual Rate. Dividends on each share of Preferred Stock shall be cumulative and shall accrue daily from
and after the Closing, but shall compound on a semi-annual basis on each Semi-Annual Dividend Date (each, an Accrued Dividend)
whether or not earned or declared, and whether or not there are earnings or profits, surplus, or other funds or assets of the Corporation
legally available for the payment of dividends. Each Accrued Dividend shall be paid, at the election of the Corporation, (i) in cash (a
Cash Dividend), or (ii) in kind by increasing the Accrued Value of such share (a PIK Dividend).

(b) The
Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Preferred Stock (other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition
to the obtaining of any consents required in this Certificate of Designation or the Corporations certificate of incorporation)
the Holders of the Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share
of Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) the amount of the aggregate Accrued Dividends then accrued on such share
of Preferred Stock and not previously paid and (ii) (A) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible
into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Preferred Stock as would equal the product of (1) the dividend payable on each share of
such class or series determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (2)
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record
date for determination of holders entitled to receive such dividend or (B) in the case of a dividend on any class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Preferred Stock that is not convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of Preferred
Stock determined by (1) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital stock by the original
issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split,
combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to such class or series) and (2) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal
to the Accrued Value; provided that if the Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than
one class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that is junior to the Preferred Stock, the dividend payable to the Holders of
Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock
that would result in the highest Preferred Stock dividend.

9

(c) Subject
to Section 5 and Section 7, the Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends
on shares of Preferred Stock (other than Accrued Dividends), on an as-converted basis, equal to and in the same form as dividends actually
paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.

Section 4. Voting Rights.

(a) The
Holders shall be entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and, except as otherwise required by law or as may
be provided herein, shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class upon any matter submitted to the stockholders
for a vote.

(b) On
any matter presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of the stockholders of the
Corporation (or by written consent in lieu of a meeting), a Holder, together with its Attribution Parties, shall be entitled to the number
of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such Holder, together with
its Attribution Parties, as are convertible on the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter (as adjusted
from time to time pursuant to Section 7 hereof and subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), but without regard as to whether
sufficient shares of Common Stock are available out of the Corporations authorized by unissued stock, for the purpose of effecting
the conversion of the Preferred Stock.

(c) As
long as the Inflection Point Entities hold 20% or more of the shares of Preferred Stock issued as of the closing of the Business Combination,
the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or action by written consent of the Holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock (the Required Holders):

(i) liquidate,
dissolve or wind-up the affairs of the Corporation;

(ii) amend,
alter or repeal the Corporations certificate of incorporation or bylaws, this Certificate of Designation or any similar document
of the Corporation in a manner that materially and adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock;

(iii) create
any equity security, authorize the creation of any equity security, classify any equity security, reclassify any equity security, or issue
any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, unless such security ranks junior to the Preferred Stock with
respect to its rights, preferences and privileges or increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock;

10

(iv) except
as set forth in Section 3, purchase or redeem or pay any cash dividend on any capital stock of the Corporation ranking junior to
the Preferred Stock prior to payment of such cash dividend on the Preferred Stock or purchase or redeem and capital stock of the Corporation
ranking junior to the Preferred Stock, other than capital stock repurchased at cost from former employees and consultants in connection
with the cessation of their service or pursuant to the terms of any equity incentive plan of the Corporation;

(v) enter
into any transaction with an affiliate, other than the issuance of equity or awards to eligible participants under the Corporations
incentive plan, equity plan or equity-based compensation plan or with respect to employment, consulting or award agreements with respect
to executive officers of the Corporation, in each case regardless of whether such person (or such persons affiliates) would be
considered an affiliate of the Corporation; or

(vi) incur
or guarantee any indebtedness other than equipment leases or trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business, if the aggregate
indebtedness of the Corporation and its subsidiaries for borrowed money following such action would exceed $5,000,000; provided,
however, that the Preferred Stock shall not be considered indebtedness for purposes of this calculation.

(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Section 6(d) may not be amended, modified or waived in any manner that materially
and adversely affects a Holder of Preferred Stock without such Holders consent.

Section 5. Ranking; Liquidation.

(a) The
Preferred Stock shall rank senior to all of the Common Stock and any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation currently existing,
(collectively, Junior Securities), in each case, as to dividends or distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily.

(b) Preferential
Payments to Holders of Preferred Stock; Distribution of Remaining Assets.

(i) In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the Holders of shares of Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders,
and in the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event, the Holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid
out of the consideration payable to stockholders in such Deemed Liquidation Event or out of the Available Proceeds (as defined below),
as applicable, before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock or other Junior Securities by reason of their ownership
thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the Accrued Value or (ii) such amount per share as would have been
payable had all shares of Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 immediately prior to such liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event based on the then effective rate of conversion and without giving effect to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on conversion set forth herein. If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be
insufficient to pay the Holders of shares of Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled under this Section 5(b),
the Holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion
to the respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts
payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.

11

(ii) In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after the payment in full of all
amounts required to be paid to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b)(i), the remaining assets of the
Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders or, in the case of a Deemed Liquidation Event, the consideration not payable
to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) or the remaining Available Proceeds, as the case may be,
shall be distributed among the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held
by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such securities as if they had been converted to Common Stock pursuant to the terms
of this Certificate of Designation immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. The aggregate
amount which a holder of a share of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive under Sections 5(b)(i) and 5(b)(ii) is hereinafter
referred to as the Preferred Stock Liquidation Amount.

(c) Deemed
Liquidation Events.

(i) In
the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event, if the Corporation does not effect a dissolution of the Corporation under the Delaware General
Corporation Law within ninety (90) days after such Deemed Liquidation Event, then (i) the Corporation shall send a written notice to each
Holder of Preferred Stock no later than the ninetieth (90th) day after the Deemed Liquidation Event advising such Holders of
their right (and the requirements to be met to secure such right) pursuant to the terms of the following clause to require the redemption
of such shares of Preferred Stock, and (ii) if the Required Holders so request in a written instrument delivered to the Corporation not
later than one hundred twenty (120) days after such Deemed Liquidation Event, the Corporation shall use the consideration received by
the Corporation for such Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained liabilities associated with the assets sold or technology licensed,
or any other expenses associated with the Deemed Liquidation Event or the dissolution of the Corporation, in each case as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation), together with any other assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders, all to the extent permitted by Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders (the Available Proceeds),
on the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day after such Deemed Liquidation Event, to redeem all outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock at a price per share equal to the Preferred Stock Liquidation Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a redemption
pursuant to the preceding sentence, if the Available Proceeds are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
the Corporation shall redeem a pro rata portion of each Holders shares of Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Available
Proceeds, based on the respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares to be redeemed if the Available Proceeds
were sufficient to redeem all such shares, and shall redeem the remaining shares as soon as it may lawfully do so under Delaware law governing
distributions to stockholders. The provisions of Section 8 shall apply, with such necessary changes in the details thereof
as are necessitated by the context, to the redemption of the Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 5(c)(i). Prior to the distribution
or redemption provided for in this Section 5(c)(i), the Corporation shall not expend or dissipate the consideration received for
such Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge expenses incurred in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event.

12

(ii) In
any Deemed Liquidation Event, if Available Proceeds are in a form of property other than in cash, the value of such distribution shall
be deemed to be the fair market value of such property. The determination of fair market value of such property shall be made in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, provided that to the extent such property consists of securities, the fair market
value of such securities shall be determined as follows:

For securities not subject
to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability covered by Section 5(c)(iii) below, the value shall be
the VWAP of such securities.

(iii) The
method of valuation of securities subject to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions
arising solely by virtue of a stockholders status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall take into account an appropriate discount
(as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) from the market value as determined pursuant to Section
5(c)(ii) above so as to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof.

(iv) If
any portion of the consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is payable only upon satisfaction of contingencies (the
Additional Consideration), (a) the portion of such consideration that is not Additional Consideration (such portion,
the Initial Consideration) shall be allocated in accordance with the foregoing Section 5(b) and this Section
5(c) as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event; and (b)
any Additional Consideration which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon satisfaction of such contingencies shall
be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 5(b) and 5(c) after taking
into account the previous payment of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction. For the purposes of this Section 5(c)(iv),
consideration placed into escrow or retained as a holdback to be available for satisfaction of indemnification or similar obligations
in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event shall be deemed to be Additional Consideration.

13

Section 6. Conversion.

(a) Conversions
at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original
Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of whole shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 6(d)) determined by dividing the Accrued Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders
shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice
of Conversion), unless the Corporation does not serve as its transfer agent, in which event the Notice of Conversion shall
be delivered to the Corporations transfer agent. Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock
to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock
owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the
date the applicable Holder delivers by e-mail attachment or by a nationally recognized overnight courier service such Notice of Conversion
to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion,
the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original
Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest
or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s)
representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted,
in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion
Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled
and shall not be reissued, and all rights (other than the right to receive the Conversion Shares) with respect to such shares will terminate.
The Corporations stock ledger and transfer book shall serve as the exclusive record of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(b) Conversion
Price. The initial conversion price is $12.00, subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion Price).

14

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion

(i) Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered,
to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock, which on or after
the earlier of (i) the one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, shall be free of restrictive legends
and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement or any other applicable lock-up agreement
or similar agreement) and (B) cash in an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. On or after the earlier of (i) the
one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, the Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares required
to be delivered by the Corporation under this Section 6 electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporations primary Trading Market with respect to the Common
Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of
Conversion delivered at or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Original Issue Date, the Corporation agrees to deliver the
Conversion Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Original Issue Date.

(ii) Failure
to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as reasonably
directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the
Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

(iii) Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such
Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other
person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection
with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a
waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert
any or all of the Accrued Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder
or anyone associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless
an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of such
Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 150%
of the Accrued Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of
arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment.
In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion.
If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) by 10th Trading Day
after the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $5,000 of Accrued Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $25 per Trading Day (increasing to $50 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to $100 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after the 10th Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or
Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages for the Corporations
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

15

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Corporation fails for any reason unrelated to the actions of the Holder or its Affiliates to deliver to a Holder the applicable
Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder
is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled
to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay
in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such
Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of
(1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by
(2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (excluding any brokerage commissions)
and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred
Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i).
For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any
applicable brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice
indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon the request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount
of such loss. If a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $9,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any
applicable brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000, under clause (A) of the preceding sentence,
the Corporation shall not be required to pay Holder any amount. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a Buy-In, the Holder shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to purchase shares at the lowest available price, paying the lowest reasonably available brokerage
commission. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it
hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to
the Corporations failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant
to the terms hereof.

16

(v) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from
preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other Holders of the Preferred
Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of
the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (assuming for such purpose a Conversion Price equal to the Floor Price and any such conversions
are made without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein). The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock
that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if a Registration Statement
is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such Registration Statement (subject
to such Holders compliance with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement).

(vi) Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion
Price or round up to the next whole share. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, but consistent with the provisions
of this subsection with respect to fractional Conversion Shares, nothing shall prevent any Holder from converting fractional shares of
Preferred Stock.

17

(vii) Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder
for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided
that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock
and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid.

(d) Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. A Holder may notify the Corporation in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained
in this Section 6(d); however, no Holder shall be subject to this Section 6(d) unless he, she or it makes such election.
If the election is made, (i) the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and such Holder shall not have the
right to convert all or any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the
applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together
with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially
own in excess of 4.9%, 9.9%, 19.9% of the Corporations Common Stock (or such other amount as a Holder may specify) (the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) and (ii) the Corporation shall not permit the Holder to vote, and such Holder shall not have the right
vote pursuant to Section 4(b) of this Certificate of Designation, all or any portion of the Preferred Stock that such Holder is
not permitted to convert pursuant to the preceding clause (i) (provided, however, that such Holder shall retain the right to vote pursuant
to Section 4(c) of this Certificate of Designation to the extent that retaining such right does not cause such Holder to be deemed
to beneficially own Conversion Shares within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act). For purposes of the foregoing
sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Accrued
Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock or the Warrants) beneficially owned by
such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred
Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of
how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion
shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other
securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to
represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions
set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition,
a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Holder shall provide the Corporation with any information reasonably requested
by the Corporation in connection with this Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the provisions related thereto, in each case with respect
to the Corporations reporting obligations pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state securities
regulations. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation
or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and
in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred
Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. By written notice to the Corporation, a Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation applicable to such Holder, provided, however, that any such increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective
until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation. The
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this
Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder of Preferred Stock.

18

Section 7. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock
Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of,
or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock or any cash distributions), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the
Corporation, then each of the Conversion Price and the Floor Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of
which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) VWAP
Reset. If on the twenty-first trading day following the date that is six months after the Closing Date, the VWAP (the Measurement
Price) is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount
equal to the greater of (i) the Measurement Price and (ii) $7.50.

(c) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Closing Date until the first date on which no shares
of Preferred Stock are outstanding the Corporation issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section 7(c) is deemed
to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the
account of the Corporation, but excluding shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold by the Corporation
in connection with any Exempt Issuance) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than the lesser
of (i) $10.00 and (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect (such price thresholds described in clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, the
Applicable Price, and each such issue, sale or deemed issuance or sale, a Dilutive Issuance),
in issuances and sales conducted for the purpose of raising capital by the Corporation where the aggregate amount of consideration received
by the Corporation, together with all prior issuances and sales conducted for the purpose of raising capital by the Corporation on or
after the Closing Date that were excluded from this Section 7(c) by this clause, exceeds $500,000, then, immediately after such
Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For all purposes
of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Conversion Price and the New Issuance Price under this Section
7(c)), the following shall be applicable:

19

(i) Options
and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Corporation for Common Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant
to Section 7(c)(ii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

a. the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of
such Options or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments
relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the
Corporation upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options
for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, by

b. the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without
regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 7(c)(ii)
upon the issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities.

(ii) Deemed
Issuance of Options and Convertible Securities.

a. If the Corporation at any time or from time to time shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities
or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible
Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction
of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor,
the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued as of the time of
such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date.

20

b. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable
upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than (i) proportional changes in conversion
or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 7(a) above and (ii) automatic adjustments
to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security which are not more favorable to the
holder thereof than the anti-dilution and similar provisions set forth herein), the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such increase
or decrease shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities
provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate (as the case
may be) at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 7(c), if the terms of any Option or Convertible
Security that was outstanding as of the date of first issuance of a share of Preferred Stock are increased or decreased in the manner
described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable
upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment
pursuant to this Section 7(c)(ii) shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in
effect.

(iii) Calculation
of Consideration Received. In case any Option is issued in connection with the issue or sale of other securities of the Corporation,
together comprising one integrated transaction, (x) the Options will be deemed to have been issued for the Option Value of such Options
and (y) the other securities issued or sold in such integrated transaction shall be deemed to have been issued or sold for the difference
of (I) the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation less any consideration paid or payable by the Corporation pursuant to the
terms of such other securities of the Corporation, less (II) the Option Value. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities
are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration other than cash received therefor will be deemed
to be the net amount received by the Corporation therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued
or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Corporation will be the fair value of such
consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received
by the Corporation will be the VWAP of such publicly traded securities on the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options
or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Corporation
is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and
business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the case
may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the Corporation
and the Required Holders. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring
valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Business
Days after the tenth (10th) day following the Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Corporation
and the Required Holders. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the
fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Corporation.

21

(iv) Record
Date. If the Corporation takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive
a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase
shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale
of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(v) Expiration
or Termination of Options or Convertible Securities. Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or unconverted or
unexchanged Convertible Securities (or portion thereof) which resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms)
in an adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Section 7(c), the Conversion Price shall be readjusted to such
Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible Securities (or portion thereof) never been issued.

(d) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(b) above, if at any time
the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property
pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holders will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock
(without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase
Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in
such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such
extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that the issue price of such Purchase Rights
would result in an adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 7(c), such adjustment shall not occur to the extent the Holders
were granted the right to acquire such Purchase Rights on the applicable terms.

(e) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
in each such case, the Holders shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holders would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without
regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before
the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever such grant, issuance or sale, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

22

(f) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation (and all
of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or
other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of
Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the
holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Corporation, (iv)
the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a stock split, combination or reclassification of shares of Common Stock
covered by Section 7(a)), or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Corporation (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that
would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any
limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of capital stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d)
on the conversion of this Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately
adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common
Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock
are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given
the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental
Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock
consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration.
The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the other
Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(f) pursuant to
written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders and approved by the Required Holders (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder of this Preferred Stock, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred Stock
(without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion
price which applies the Conversion Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the
shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of
capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately prior
to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Required Holders.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents
referring to the Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the
Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction
Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein.

(g) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may
be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

23

(h) Notice
to the Holders.

(i) Adjustment
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation
shall promptly deliver to each Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting
forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any
reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), or any compulsory share exchange whereby
the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed
at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered by email to
each Holder at its email address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange,
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such
notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, unless determined by the Company that such filing would be harmful
to the Company at such time, in which case the Company shall file such 8-K as soon as is reasonably practicable in its discretion. For
the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the conversion rights of any Holder, each Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Accrued
Value of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the twenty (20)-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

24

Section 8. Redemption.

(a) Redemption
by the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of this Section 8 and unless prohibited by applicable law governing distributions
to stockholders, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, redeem all or a portion of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock:

(i) on
or after the Closing but prior to the first anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal to 150% of the Accrued Value;

(ii) on
or after the first anniversary of the Closing but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal
to 140% of the Accrued Value;

(iii) on
or after the second anniversary of the Closing but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal
to 130% of the Accrued Value;

(iv) on
or after the third anniversary of the Closing but prior to the fourth anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal
to 120% of the Accrued Value;

(v) on
or after the fourth anniversary of the Closing but prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal
to 110% of the Accrued Value; and

(vi) on
or after the fifth anniversary of the Closing, at a redemption price per share equal to 100% of the Accrued Value.

If, on the date of
such redemption, applicable law governing distributions to stockholders prevents the Corporation from redeeming all shares of Preferred
Stock scheduled to be redeemed, the Corporation shall be entitled to ratably redeem the maximum number of shares that it may redeem consistent
with such law and any Preferred Stock not so redeemed shall remain outstanding. The Corporation shall provide written notice (the Corporation
Notice) by e-mail and first class mail postage prepaid, to each Holder of record (determined at the close of business on the
Business Day next preceding the day on which the Corporation Notice is given) of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at the address last
shown on the records of the Corporation for such Holder, notifying such Holder of the redemption to be effected, specifying the number
of shares to be redeemed from such Holder, specifying the date of such redemption, the redemption price, the place at which payment may
be obtained and calling upon such Holder to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated, his, her or its certificate
or certificates representing the shares to be redeemed; provided that the date of redemption shall be not less than 15 days from
the date of the Corporation Notice. Except as otherwise provided herein, on or after the applicable date of redemption, each Holder to
be redeemed shall surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such shares, in the manner and at the place
designated in the Corporation Notice, and thereupon the price of redemption of such shares shall be payable to the order of the person
whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled. In the
event less than all the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed
shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Accrued Value of its Preferred
Stock (or any part thereof) during the 15-day period commencing on the date of the Corporation Notice through the applicable date of redemption.

25

(b) Redemption
by the Holders.

(i) Unless
prohibited by applicable law governing distribution to stockholders, shares of Preferred Stock shall be redeemed by the Corporation at
a purchase price equal to the Accrued Value (the Redemption Price), if at any time and from time to time after the
fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing, the Required Holders deliver to the Corporation a written notice demanding redemption
of all shares of Preferred Stock (the Redemption Request). The 20th day after the date of the Corporation Notice
shall be referred to as the Redemption Date. Upon receipt of a Redemption Request, the Corporation shall apply all
of its assets to any such redemption, and to no other corporate purpose, until the Redemption Price has been paid in full, except to the
extent prohibited by Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders.

(ii) Following
receipt of a Redemption Request, the Corporation shall send written notice of the mandatory redemption (the Redemption Notice)
to each Holder of record of Preferred Stock not less than 15 days prior to the Redemption Date. The Redemption Notice shall state:

a. the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by the Holder that the Corporation shall redeem on the Redemption Date;

b. the Redemption Date and the Redemption Price;

c. the date upon which the Holders right to convert such shares terminates; and

d. for Holders of shares in certificated form, that the Holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated,
his, her or its certificate or certificates representing the shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed.

If the Corporation
receives, on or prior to the 10th day after the date of delivery of the Redemption Notice to a Holder of Preferred Stock, written notice
from a Holder of greater than 10% of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock that such Holder elects to be excluded from the redemption
provided in this Section 8(b), then the shares of Preferred Stock registered on the books of the Corporation in the name of such
Holder at the time of the Corporations receipt of such notice shall thereafter be Excluded Shares. Excluded
Shares shall not be redeemed or redeemable pursuant to this Section 8(b), whether on such Redemption Date or thereafter.

26

(iii) On
the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall redeem the Preferred Stock owned by each Holder; provided, however, that Excluded
Shares shall not be redeemed. If on the Redemption Date Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders prevents the Corporation
from redeeming all shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed, the Corporation shall ratably redeem the maximum number of shares that it
may redeem consistent with such law, and shall redeem the remaining shares as soon as it may lawfully do so under such law. In the event
that any portion of the Redemption Price has not been paid within five (5) Business Days following the Redemption Date, interest on such
unpaid portion of the Redemption Price shall accrue thereon until such amount is paid in full at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) 24.0%
per annum and (ii) the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Such interest shall be paid by the Corporation, in its sole discretion,
(i) in cash or (ii) subject to the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions at the time of payment, shares of Common Stock.

(c) Rights
Subsequent to Redemption. Upon the redemption of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 8(a) or Section 8(b),
all rights with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock shall immediately terminate, except with respect to the right of the Holders
to receive the applicable redemption price with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with Section 8(a)
or Section 8(b), as applicable.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Corporation, at the address set forth above the address or email address most recently provided to Holders by the Corporation for
purposes of notice hereunder Attention: General Counsel, 100, W. Airport Road, Stillwater, OK 74075, e-mail address legal@usare.com, or
such other e-mail address or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance
with this Section 9. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder
shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each
Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, e-mail
address or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase
Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time
of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set
forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

27

(b) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation
of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares
of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

(c) Lost
or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Corporation shall issue or cause to be issued, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate,
or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership
hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation (which shall not include the posting of any bond). The applicant for a new certificate
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance
of such replacement certificate.

(d) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws thereof. All legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Certificate of Designation (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware, County of New Castle
(the Delaware Courts). The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware
Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable
law. The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to
trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby.
If the Corporation or any Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation,
then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

28

(e) Amendment.
This Certificate of Designation (or any provision hereof) may be amended by obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for
such purpose, or written consent without a meeting in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, of the Required Holders, voting
separately as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval, if any, as may then be required pursuant to the DGCL and the Corporations
certificate of incorporation; provided, however, and notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation to the contrary, no provision
of this Certificate of Designation shall be amended to the extent any such amendment would disproportionately, materially and adversely
modify any rights of any Holder (as compared to the rights of the other Holders) that holds more than two percent of the issued and outstanding
Preferred Stock, unless any such Holder shall have previously consented in writing to such amendment or voted to approve such amendment
at a meeting.

(f) Waiver.
Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver
by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation
on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation
or a Holder must be in writing.

(g) Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designation
shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to
all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the
applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate
of interest permitted under applicable law.

(h) Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed
to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

29

(j) Status
of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If any
shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized
but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock.

(k) Tax
Withholding. The Corporation agrees that, provided that each Holder delivers to the Corporation a properly executed IRS Form W-9 or
other certification satisfactory to the Corporation certifying as to such Holders status (or the status of such Holders
beneficial owner(s)) as a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) and such Holders (or such
beneficial owners) eligibility for complete exemption from backup withholding (U.S. Person Certification),
under current law the Corporation (including any paying agent of the Corporation) shall not be required to, and shall not, withhold on
any payments or deemed payments to any such Holder. In the event that any Holder fails to deliver to the Corporation such properly
executed U.S. Person Certification, the Corporation reasonably believes that a previously delivered U.S. Person Certification is no longer
accurate and/or valid, or there is a change in law that affects the withholding obligations of the Corporation, the Corporation and its
paying agent shall be entitled to withhold taxes on all payments made to the relevant Holder in the form of cash or otherwise treated,
in the Corporations reasonable discretion, as a dividend for U.S. federal tax purposes or to request that the relevant Holder promptly
pay the Corporation in cash any amounts required to satisfy any withholding tax obligations, in each case, to the extent the Corporation
or its paying agent determines in good faith it is required to deduct and withhold tax on payments to the relevant Holder under applicable
law; provided, that the Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the relevant Holder of any required withholding
tax reasonably in advance of the date of the relevant payment. In the event that the Corporation
does not have sufficient cash with respect to any Holder from withholding on cash payments otherwise payable to such Holder and cash paid
to the Corporation by such Holder to the Corporation pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation and its paying agent
shall be entitled to withhold taxes on deemed payments, including distributions of additional Preferred Stock in lieu of cash and constructive
distributions on the Preferred Stock to the extent required by law, and the Corporation and its paying agent shall be entitled to satisfy
any required withholding tax on non-cash payments (including deemed payments) through a sale of a portion of the Preferred Stock received
as a dividend or from cash dividends or sales proceeds subsequently paid or credited on the Preferred Stock.

(l) Tax
Treatment. Absent a change in law, Internal Revenue Service practice or a contrary determination (as defined in Section 1313(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the Code)), each holder of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not treat
the Preferred Stock (based on their terms as set forth in this Certificate of Designation) as preferred stock within the
meaning of Section 305 of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.305-5 for United States federal income tax and withholding tax purposes
and shall not take any position inconsistent with such treatment.

*********************

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Designation is
executed on behalf of the Corporation by its Chief Executive Officer this 12th day of March, 2025.

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF 12.0% SERIES A CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock),
indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of USA Rare Earth, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares
of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable
with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with
the Purchase Agreement. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Accrued Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: 

Address for Delivery: 

or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker no: 

Account no: 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Annex A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex4-2_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPECIMEN WARRANT CERTIFICATE OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[FACE]

Number

Warrants

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED
PRIOR TO

THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR IN THE

WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

Incorporated Under the Laws of the State of
Delaware

CUSIP []

Warrant Certificate

This Warrant Certificate certifies that,
or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrants evidenced hereby (the Warrants and each, a Warrant)
to purchase shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of USA Rare Earth, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, the Company). Each whole Warrant entitles
the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that number
of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Warrant Price)
as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise as provided for in
the Warrant Agreement) of the United States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at
the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement.
Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Each whole Warrant is initially exercisable for
one fully paid and non-assessable share of Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the
exercise of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company will, upon exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder. The number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant
Agreement.

The initial Warrant Price per share of Common
Stock for any Warrant is equal to $11.50 per share. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set
forth in the Warrant Agreement.

Subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant
Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the end of such Exercise Period,
such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth in the Warrant Agreement. In
addition, and notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, to the extent that the holder of a Warrant
has delivered a notice contemplated by subsection 3.5.5 of the Warrant Agreement, neither the Company nor the Warrant
Agent shall issue to Holder, and Holder may not acquire, any right it might have to acquire, a number of shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of any Warrant to the extent that, upon such exercise, the number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by Holder would exceed
the Maximum Percentage of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance
with subsection 3.3.5. of the Warrant Agreement.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as
though fully set forth at this place.

This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless
countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[Reverse]

The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate
are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive Common Stock and are issued or to be issued
pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of May 24, 2023 (the Warrant Agreement), duly executed and delivered
by the Company to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant
Agent), which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred
to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company
and the holders (the words holders or holder meaning the Registered Holders
or Registered Holder, respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written
request to the Company. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Warrant Agreement.

Warrants may be exercised at any time during the
Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise them by
surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of election to purchase set forth hereon properly completed and executed, together
with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise as provided for in
the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced
hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the
holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant
Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement covering
the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (ii) a prospectus
thereunder relating to the shares of Common Stock is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant
Agreement.

The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence
of certain events the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants set forth on the face hereof may, subject
to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share of Common Stock, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock to be issued
to the holder of the Warrant.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the
principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative or attorney
duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without
payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like
number of Warrants.

Upon due presentation for registration of transfer
of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing
in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the
limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof, and for
all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the Warrants
nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company.

Election to Purchase

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive shares of Common Stock and herewith tenders payment for such shares of
Common Stock to the order of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Company) in the amount of $ in accordance with the terms
hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of , whose address is ,
and that such shares of Common Stock be delivered to , whose address is . If said number of shares of Common Stock is less than all of
the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance
of such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of , whose address is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to, whose
address is.

In the event that the Warrant has been called
for redemption by the Company pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Warrant Agreement and the Company has required cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 6.3 and Section 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares
of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 6.3 and Section
3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised
on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock
that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant may be exercised,
to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is
exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such cashless exercise
and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented
by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive shares of Common Stock. If
said number of shares of Common Stock is less than all of the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder (after giving effect to the
cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such shares of Common
Stock be registered in the name of , whose address is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to , whose address is.

[To be included in any Election to Purchase of
a holder who has provided the notice set forth in subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement.

By signing this Election to Purchase, the undersigned
hereby certifies that upon after giving effect to such exercise, the undersigned (together with such persons affiliates) or any
group of which holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection
3.3.5. of the Warrant Agreement.]

[Signature Page Follows]

Date: , 

(Signature)

(Address)

(Tax Identification Number)

Signature Guaranteed: 

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE)).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex4-4_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT ISSUED TO EACH SERIES A INVESTOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

USA
Rare Earth, Inc.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Initial Exercise Date: March 13, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_____________] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 13, 2030 (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to [______] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The purchase price of one share
of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Schedule A
hereto.

Section 2.Exercise.

(a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in
whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the
Company (or such other office or agency that the Company may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of
the Holder appearing on the books of the Company), as applicable, of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or
e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Not later than
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date
of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
$12.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price). Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time that
the Conversion Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) adjusts (or is otherwise lowered) pursuant to the terms of the
Certificate of Designation (each, an Adjustment Time, and such adjusted Conversion Price related thereto, each,
an Adjusted Conversion Price), if the Exercise Price then in effect immediately following such Adjustment Time
is greater than such related Adjusted Conversion Price, immediately following such Adjustment Time the Exercise Price then in effect
shall automatically be lowered by an amount equal to the difference between the Conversion Price immediately prior to the Adjustment
Time and the Adjusted Conversion Price immediately after the Adjustment Time. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise
Price pursuant to this Section 2(b), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be increased proportionately, so that after such adjustment, the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number
of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Cashless Exercise. If at any time after the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date, there
is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing ((A-B) multiplied
by (X)) by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c).

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market
on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time)
to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other
cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of this Warrant and the other common stock purchase warrants with substantially the same terms as this Warrant,
with an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, issued on the Initial Exercise Date and then outstanding, and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP means, for
any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on
a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Day preceding such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX
as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are
then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the average
of the highest closing bid price per share and the lowest closing ask price per share of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding
such date, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of this Warrant and the other common stock purchase warrants with substantially
the same terms as this Warrant, with an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, issued on the Initial Exercise Date and then outstanding,
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

(i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, (or reasonable evidence of issuance by book entry of ownership
of the Warrant Shares) registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the
date that is the later of (i) the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) one
(1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date);
provided, however, in any event, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver Warrant Shares until it has
received the aggregate Exercise Price therefor. Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received no later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long
as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant
shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the
time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased
Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the
Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date (subject
to receipt of the aggregate Exercise Price for the applicable exercise (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)), then the Holder
will have the right to rescind such exercise prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

3

(iv) No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares
or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder
would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect
of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

(v) Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares
shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such
Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of
the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event
that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be
accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the
payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required
for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of this Warrant.

(vi) Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner intended to prevent the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Holder may notify the Company in writing in the event
it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this Section 2(e); however, the Holder shall not be subject to this Section
2(e) unless he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant,
and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with
the Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such
Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of 4.9%, 9.9%, 19.9% (or such other amount as the
Holder may specify) (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder, its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and, of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable up to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed
to be the Holders good faith determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case, subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. In addition,
a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or
oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the Holder
may from time to time increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to the Holder, provided, however, that any such
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the
intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect
to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

4

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays
a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent
securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the
Company upon exercise of this Warrant or any cash distributions), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number
of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and
shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) VWAP Reset. If on the twenty-first trading day following the date that is six months after the
Closing Date, the VWAP (as defined by Bloomberg) of the Common Stock for the twenty trading period commencing on the date that is six
months after the Closing Date (the Measurement Price) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect, then the Exercise
Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Measurement Price and (ii) $7.50.

(c) Adjustment Upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Closing Date, the Company
issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section 3(c) is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including
the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of the Company, but excluding shares
of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company in connection with any Exempt Issuance) for a consideration per share
(the New Issuance Price) less than the lesser of (i) $10.00 and (ii) the Exercise Price then in effect
(such price thresholds described in clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, the Applicable Price, and each such issue,
sale or deemed issuance or sale, a Dilutive Issuance), in issuances and sales conducted for the purpose of raising
capital by the Company where the aggregate amount of consideration received by the Company, together with all prior issuances and sales
conducted for the purpose of raising capital by the Company on or after the Closing Date that were excluded from this Section 3(c)
by this clause, exceeds $500,000, then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to
an amount equal to the New Issuance Price.

5

As used in this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(I) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, and any securities of the Company that when paired with one or more other securities of the Company or another entity entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(II) Convertible Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock and any securities of the Company that when paired with one or more other securities of the Company or another entity entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(III) Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) any securities of the Company to employees, officers or directors, consultants, contractors, vendors or other agents of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Series A Preferred Stock, this Warrant and the other common stock purchase warrants with substantially the same terms as this Warrant with an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) the Underlying Shares, (d) securities issued pursuant to any merger, acquisition or strategic transaction or partnership approved by a majority of the directors of the Company, provided that (i) such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) or are issued pursuant to an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and (ii) any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, and (e) any securities issued by the Company pursuant to any legal settlement or similar arrangement agreed or entered into by the Company, provided that, in the aggregate, not more than 204,348 shares of Common Stock are issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion, settlement, exercise or exchange of any such securities that are Options or Convertible Securities, but any such Exempt Issuance shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities (i) primarily for the purpose of raising capital, including an at-the-market offering, and (ii) to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

(IV) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities; and

6

(V) Option Value means the value of an Option based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of (A) the Trading Day prior to the public announcement of the issuance of the applicable Option, if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, for pricing purposes and reflecting (i) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the applicable Option as of the applicable date of determination, (ii) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of (A) the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, (iii) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest weighted average price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day prior to the execution of definitive documentation relating to the issuance of the applicable Option and ending on (A) the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of such issuance, if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) a 360 day annualization factor.

For purposes of determining the adjusted
Exercise Price under this Section 3(c), the following shall be applicable:

(i) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Company for Common
Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined
by dividing: (x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard
to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such
Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise
of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by (y) the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii) upon the issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities.

(ii) Deemed Issuance of Options and Convertible Securities. If the Company at any time or from time
to time shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth
in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but
without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed
to be outstanding and to have been issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the
close of business on such record date.

(iii) Change in Option Price. If, after the Initial Exercise Date, the purchase price provided for in
any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities,
or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock increases or decreases
at any time, (other than (x) proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices,
as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 3(a) above and (y) automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant
to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security which are not more favorable to the holder thereof than
the anti-dilution and similar provisions set forth herein), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall
be adjusted to the Exercise Price, which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for
such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at
the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(c)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security
that was outstanding as of the Initial Exercise Date are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence,
then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof
shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(c) shall
be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

7

(iv) Calculation of Consideration Received. In case any Option
is issued in connection with the issue or sale of other securities of the Company, together comprising one integrated transaction, (x)
the Options will be deemed to have been issued for the Option Value of such Options and (y) the other securities issued or sold in such
integrated transaction shall be deemed to have been issued or sold for the difference of (I) the aggregate consideration received by
the Company less any consideration paid or payable by the Company pursuant to the terms of such other securities of the Company, less
(II) the Option Value. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued
or sold for cash, the consideration other than cash received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount received by the Company therefor.
If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of
such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of
publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the closing sale price of such
publicly traded securities on the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the
owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration
therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable
to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than
cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the Company and the holders of a majority in interest of this Warrant
and the other common stock purchase warrants with substantially the same terms as this Warrant, with an initial exercise price of $12.00
per share, issued on the Initial Exercise Date, and then outstanding. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days
after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration
will be determined within five (5) Business Days after the tenth (10th) day following the Valuation Event by an independent, reputable
appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the holders of a majority in interest of this Warrant and the other common stock purchase
warrants, with an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, issued on the Initial Exercise Date, and then outstanding. The determination
of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall
be borne by the Company.

(v) Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders
of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common
Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities,
then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription
or purchase, as the case may be.

(vi) Expiration or Termination of Options or Convertible Securities.
Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Securities (or portion thereof)
which resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to the terms
of Section 3(b), the Exercise Price shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible
Securities (or portion thereof) never been issued.

8

(d) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time after the Initial Exercise Date the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of
shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, any applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial
Ownership Limitation). To the extent that the issue price of such Purchase Rights would result in an adjustment of the Conversion Price
pursuant to Section 7(c), such adjustment shall not occur to the extent the Holders were granted the right to acquire such Purchase Rights
on the applicable terms.

(e) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time after the Initial
Exercise Date as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or
rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate
rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance
of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the
Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, any applicable Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the
Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

(f) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is
outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale,
lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of
related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a stock split, combination or reclassification of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 3(a)), or (v) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) or 50%
or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise
of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply
to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner
reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as
to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of
this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, that if holders of Common Stock
of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed
to have received common stock or ordinary shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on
the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S.
Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from
the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall
be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration,
if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(f), (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(f) pursuant to written agreements in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the Exercise Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock,
such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so
that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and
shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if
such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

(g) Calculations. All calculations under this Section
3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3,
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(h) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment
to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3(a), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder
for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment
(without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(i) Notice to Holder.

(i) Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise
Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or
email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and
setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company
shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the
Company (or any of its subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any notice delivery requirement
hereunder shall also be deemed satisfied by filing or furnishing such communication with the Commission via the EDGAR system; provided,
further, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this
Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, unless determined by the Company that such
filing would be harmful to the Company at such time, in which case the Company shall file such 8-K as soon as is reasonably practicable
in its discretion. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

(j) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent
of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

Section 4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a) Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable
securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without
limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of
the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall
issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant,
if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new
Warrant issued.

(b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined
with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names
and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section
4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on
transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant
Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this
Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the
record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof
for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

(d) Transfer Restrictions.

(i) This Warrant and the Warrant Shares may only be disposed of
in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares other than
pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of the Holder or in connection with a
pledge in connection with a bona fide margin account with a registered broker-dealer or other loan with a financial institution that
is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act or other loan secured by this Warrant or the
Warrant Shares, the Company may require the transferor to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such
transfer does not require registration of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act.

12

(ii) If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the
transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current
public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the transferee
of this Warrant, agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents
that apply to the Holder.

(e) Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance
hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable
upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the
Securities Act.

Section 5.Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant
does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof
as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant.
The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security
reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and
cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate
of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or
appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then,
such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d) Authorized Shares.

(i) The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant
is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant (without regard to any limitation on exercise set forth
herein and assuming an Exercise Price equal to the lower of (i) $5.00 and (ii) the Exercise Price then in effect). The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing
the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

(ii) Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the
Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate of Incorporation (or any Certificate
of Designation thereto) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at
all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this
Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

13

(iii) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings
concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party
hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of this Warrant), and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant , then, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

(f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant
Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any
delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice
the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly
fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the
Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature
pages attached hereto, or to such other address as the Company or the Holder may indicate by a notice delivered to the other from time
to time, at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto, or to such
other address as the Company or the Holder may indicate by a notice delivered to the other from time to time.

14

(i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the
absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the
rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled
to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this
Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it
of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities
laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and
permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be
for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified, waived or
amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of
this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant
shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,
without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for
the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

USA RARE EARTH, INC. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: 

Title: Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount:

Shares of Preferred Stock:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:

17

SCHEDULE A

Action means any action,
suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the applicable party, threatened against
or affecting the applicable party or any of its properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or
regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign).

Affiliate means any Person
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person,
as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day means any day
other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain
closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate of Designation
means the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed
by the Company on March 13, 2025.

Closing Date means March
13, 2025.

Person means an individual
or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock
company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding means an action,
claim, suit, investigation or proceeding, whether commenced or threatened.

Registration Rights Agreement
means the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the initial Holder of this Warrant and the other parties
thereto.

Series A Preferred Stock
means the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of
Designation.

Trading Day means a day on
which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any
of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American,
the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors
to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means
this Warrant, the other common stock purchase warrants, with substantially the same terms as this Warrant, with an initial exercise price
of $12.00 per share, issued on the Initial Exercise Date, the Certificate of Designation and the Registration Rights Agreement, and all
exhibits and schedules thereto.

Transfer Agent means Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underlying Shares means the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or exercise of this Warrant and the other common stock
purchase warrants, with substantially the same terms as this Warrant, with an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, issued on the
Initial Exercise Date.

18

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 

Attn: 

Email: 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

[(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.]

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:___________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:_____________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:_______________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:________________________________________________________________

Date:____________________________________________________________________________________

19

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex4-5_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT ISSUED TO PIPE INVESTORS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.5

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

USA
Rare Earth, Inc.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Initial Exercise Date: March [__], 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_____________] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March [__], 2028
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to [______] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The purchase price of one share
of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of March
[], 2025, by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2.Exercise.

(a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in
whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the
Company (or such other office or agency that the Company may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of
the Holder appearing on the books of the Company), as applicable, of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or
e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Not later than
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date
of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
$12.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price). Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time that
the Conversion Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) adjusts (or is otherwise lowered) pursuant to the terms of the
Certificate of Designation (each, an Adjustment Time, and such adjusted Conversion Price related thereto, each,
an Adjusted Conversion Price), if the Exercise Price then in effect immediately following such Adjustment Time
is greater than such related Adjusted Conversion Price, immediately following such Adjustment Time the Exercise Price then in effect
shall automatically be lowered by an amount equal to the difference between the Conversion Price immediately prior to the Adjustment
Time and the Adjusted Conversion Price immediately after the Adjustment Time. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise
Price pursuant to this Section 2(b), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be increased proportionately, so that after such adjustment, the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number
of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Cashless Exercise. If at any time after the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date, there
is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing ((A-B) multiplied
by (X)) by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c).

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market
on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time)
to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other
cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers
of a majority in interest of the common stock purchase warrants, such as this Warrant, with an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share,
issued on the Initial Exercise Date and then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall
be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP means, for
any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on
a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Day preceding such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX
as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are
then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the average
of the highest closing bid price per share and the lowest closing ask price per share of the Common Stock for the 20 Trading Days preceding
such date, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the common stock purchase warrants, such as this Warrant, with an initial
exercise price of $12.00 per share, issued on the Initial Exercise Date and then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

(i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, (or reasonable evidence of issuance by book entry of ownership
of the Warrant Shares) registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the
date that is the later of (i) the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) one
(1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date);
provided, however, in any event, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver Warrant Shares until it has
received the aggregate Exercise Price therefor. Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received no later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long
as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant
shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the
time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased
Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the
Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date (subject
to receipt of the aggregate Exercise Price for the applicable exercise (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)), then the Holder
will have the right to rescind such exercise prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

3

(iv) No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares
or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder
would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect
of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

(v) Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares
shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such
Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of
the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event
that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be
accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the
payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required
for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of this Warrant.

(vi) Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner intended to prevent the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Holder may notify the Company in writing in the event
it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this Section 2(e); however, the Holder shall not be subject to this Section
2(e) unless he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant,
and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with
the Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such
Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of 4.9%, 9.9%, 19.9% (or such other amount as the
Holder may specify) (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder, its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and, of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable up to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed
to be the Holders good faith determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case, subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. In addition,
a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or
oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the Holder
may from time to time increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to the Holder, provided, however, that any such
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the
intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect
to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

4

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays
a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent
securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the
Company upon exercise of this Warrant or any cash distributions), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number
of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and
shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) VWAP Reset. If on the twenty-first trading day following the date that is six months after the
Closing Date, the VWAP (as defined by Bloomberg) of the Common Stock for the twenty trading period commencing on the date that is six
months after the Closing Date (the Measurement Price) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect, then the Exercise
Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Measurement Price and (ii) $7.50.

(c) Adjustment Upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Closing Date, the Company
issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section 3(c) is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including
the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of the Company, but excluding shares
of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company in connection with any Exempt Issuance) for a consideration per share
(the New Issuance Price) less than the lesser of (i) $10.00 and (ii) the Exercise Price then in effect
(such price thresholds described in clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, the Applicable Price, and each such issue,
sale or deemed issuance or sale, a Dilutive Issuance), in issuances and sales conducted for the purpose of raising
capital by the Company where the aggregate amount of consideration received by the Company, together with all prior issuances and sales
conducted for the purpose of raising capital by the Company on or after the Closing Date that were excluded from this Section 3(c)
by this clause, exceeds $500,000, then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to
an amount equal to the New Issuance Price.

5

As used in this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(I) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, and any securities of the Company that when paired with one or more other securities of the Company or another entity entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(II) Convertible Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock and any securities of the Company that when paired with one or more other securities of the Company or another entity entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(III) 

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) any securities of the Company to employees, officers or directors, consultants,
contractors, vendors or other agents of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted
for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services
rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities
issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement or the Business Combination Agreement and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
on the date of this Warrant, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of
this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations)
or to extend the term of such securities, (c) the Underlying Shares, (d) securities issued pursuant
to any merger, acquisition or strategic transaction or partnership approved by a majority of the
directors of the Company, provided that (i) such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) or are issued pursuant to an effective registration statement pursuant to
the Securities Act and (ii) any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an
asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, and (e) any securities issued by the
Company pursuant to any legal settlement or similar arrangement agreed or entered into by the Company,
provided that, in the aggregate, not more than []1 shares of Common Stock are issued
or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion, settlement, exercise or exchange of any such securities
that are Options or Convertible Securities, but any such Exempt Issuance shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities (i) primarily for the purpose of raising capital, including
an at-the-market offering, and (ii) to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

(IV) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities; and

1 
NTD: To be 1,000,000 multiplied by the Exchange Ratio

6

(V) Option Value means the value of an Option based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of (A) the Trading Day prior to the public announcement of the issuance of the applicable Option, if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, for pricing purposes and reflecting (i) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the applicable Option as of the applicable date of determination, (ii) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of (A) the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, (iii) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest weighted average price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day prior to the execution of definitive documentation relating to the issuance of the applicable Option and ending on (A) the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of such issuance, if the issuance of such Option is publicly announced or (B) the Trading Day immediately following the issuance of the applicable Option if the issuance of such Option is not publicly announced, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) a 360 day annualization factor.

For purposes of determining the adjusted
Exercise Price under this Section 3(c), the following shall be applicable:

(i) Options and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Company for Common
Stock deemed to have been issued pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined
by dividing: (x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible
Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard
to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Company upon the exercise of such
Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise
of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by (y) the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent
adjustment of such number) deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii) upon the issuance of such Options or Convertible Securities.

(ii) Deemed Issuance of Options and Convertible Securities. If the Company at any time or from time
to time shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of
securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth
in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but
without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed
to be outstanding and to have been issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the
close of business on such record date.

(iii) Change in Option Price. If, after the Initial Exercise Date, the purchase price provided for in
any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities,
or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock increases or decreases
at any time, (other than (x) proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices,
as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 3(a) above and (y) automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant
to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security which are not more favorable to the holder thereof than
the anti-dilution and similar provisions set forth herein), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall
be adjusted to the Exercise Price, which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for
such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at
the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(c)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security
that was outstanding as of the Initial Exercise Date are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence,
then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof
shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(c) shall
be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

7

(iv) Calculation of
Consideration Received. In case any Option is issued in connection with the issue or
sale of other securities of the Company, together comprising one integrated transaction,
(x) the Options will be deemed to have been issued for the Option Value of such Options and
(y) the other securities issued or sold in such integrated transaction shall be deemed to
have been issued or sold for the difference of (I) the aggregate consideration received by
the Company less any consideration paid or payable by the Company pursuant to the terms of
such other securities of the Company, less (II) the Option Value. If any shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued
or sold for cash, the consideration other than cash received therefor will be deemed to be
the net amount received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount
of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration,
except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the
amount of consideration received by the Company will be the closing sale price of such publicly
traded securities on the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger
in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be
deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving
entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities,
as the case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded
securities will be determined jointly by the Company and a majority in interest of the Securities
then outstanding. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after
the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event),
the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Business Days after
the tenth (10th) day following the Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser
jointly selected by the Company and a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding.
The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest
error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

(v) Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders
of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common
Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities,
then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued
or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription
or purchase, as the case may be.

(vi) Expiration or Termination of Options or Convertible Securities.
Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Securities (or portion thereof)
which resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to the terms
of Section 3(b), the Exercise Price shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible
Securities (or portion thereof) never been issued.

8

(d) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time after the Initial Exercise Date the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of
shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, any applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial
Ownership Limitation). To the extent that the issue price of such Purchase Rights would result in an adjustment of the Conversion Price
pursuant to Section 7(c), such adjustment shall not occur to the extent the Holders were granted the right to acquire such Purchase Rights
on the applicable terms.

(e) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time after the Initial
Exercise Date as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or
rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate
rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance
of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the
Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, any applicable Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the
Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding any applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

(f) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is
outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale,
lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of
related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a stock split, combination or reclassification of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 3(a)), or (v) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) or 50%
or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise
of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply
to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner
reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as
to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of
this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, that if holders of Common Stock
of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed
to have received common stock or ordinary shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on
the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S.
Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from
the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall
be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration,
if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(f), (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(f) pursuant to written agreements in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the Exercise Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock,
such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so
that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and
shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if
such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

(g) Calculations. All calculations under this Section
3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3,
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(h) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment
to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3(a), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder
for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment
(without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(i) Notice to Holder.

(i) Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise
Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or
email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and
setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company
shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the
Company (or any of its subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any notice delivery requirement
hereunder shall also be deemed satisfied by filing or furnishing such communication with the Commission via the EDGAR system; provided,
further, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this
Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, unless determined by the Company that such
filing would be harmful to the Company at such time, in which case the Company shall file such 8-K as soon as is reasonably practicable
in its discretion. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

(j) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent
of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

Section 4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in
Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement,
this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in
the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and
this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless
the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined
with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names
and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section
4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on
transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant
Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this
Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the
record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof
for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

(d) Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with
any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume
or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a
condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions
of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

(e) Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance
hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable
upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the
Securities Act.

12

Section 5.Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant
does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof
as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant.
The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security
reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and
cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate
of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or
appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then,
such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d) Authorized Shares.

(i) The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant
is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant (without regard to any limitation on exercise set forth
herein and assuming an Exercise Price equal to the lower of (i) $5.00 and (ii) the Exercise Price then in effect). The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing
the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

(ii) Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the
Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate of Incorporation (or any Certificate
of Designation thereto) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at
all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this
Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

13

(iii) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Jurisdiction. All questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions
of the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant
Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) 

Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered
to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

14

(i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the
absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the
rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled
to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this
Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it
of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities
laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and
permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be
for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified, waived or
amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of
this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant
shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,
without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for
the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

USA RARE EARTH, INC. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: 

Title: Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount:

Shares of Preferred Stock:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:

17

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 

Attn: 

Email: 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:___________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:_____________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:_______________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:________________________________________________________________

Date:____________________________________________________________________________________

18

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 13, 2025, BY AND AMONG USA RARE EARTH, INC., INFLECTION POINT HOLDINGS II LLC AND CERTAIN OTHER HOLDERS OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 13, 2024, is made and entered into by and among USA Rare Earth,
Inc. a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares,
prior to the Domestication (as defined herein)) (the Company), Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Sponsor), the members of the Sponsor identified on the signature page hereto
under Other Sponsor Holder (such members, together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Holders) and
each of the undersigned parties listed on the signature page hereto under USARE Holders (the USARE Holders
and each such party, together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Holders and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement
pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co., and the Sponsor are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2023 (the Original
RRA);

WHEREAS, the Company is party to that certain
Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated
November 12, 2024, and Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, and as the same may be
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Business Combination), by and between the Company, USA Rare
Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Legacy Rare Earth) and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company;

WHEREAS, prior to the date hereof and subject
to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, IPXX migrated to and domesticated as a Delaware corporation in accordance with
Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, and the Cayman Islands Companies Law (As Revised) (the Domestication),
and as part of the Domestication, (i) each Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company converted into one share
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock) and (ii) each warrant to purchase
one Class A ordinary share of the Company converted into one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Warrants);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, on the date hereof, the holders Legacy Rare Earths Class A Convertible Preferred Units received shares of 12% Series
A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series A Preferred Stock)
in exchange for such units;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, on the date hereof, the holders of Legacy Rare Earths Class A Preferred Investor Warrants received warrants to purchase
Common Stock (the Series A Investor Warrants) in exchange for such Class A Preferred Investor Warrants;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the USARE Holders and the other pre-Business
Combination security holders of Legacy Rare Earth received an aggregate of 72,747,711 shares of Common Stock;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the Company
issued an additional 915,362 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and additional Series A Investor Warrants to purchase an aggregate of
915,362 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment) to certain investors pursuant to those certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 21, 2024 and March 11, 2025, by and among the Company and such investors or other securities purchase agreements regarding
the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Investor Warrants;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.5 of the
Original RRA, the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth therein may be amended or modified upon the written consent of the Company
and the Holders (as defined in the Original RRA) (the Original Holders) of at least a majority in interest
of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Original RRA) (the Original Registrable Securities) at the
time in question, and the Sponsor Holders party hereto are Original Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Original Registrable
Securities as of the date hereof; and

WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation
of the transactions described above, the Company and the Original Holders desire to amend and restate the Original RRA in its entirety
as set forth herein, and the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the
Holders certain registration rights with respect to the Registrable Securities (as defined below) on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in this ARTICLE 1 shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Additional Holder
shall have the meaning given in Section 5.11.

Additional Holder
Common Stock shall have the meaning given in Section 5.11.

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive
Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company or the Board, in each case, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would
be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not
to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being
filed, declared effective or used, as the case may be, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information
public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto.

Board
shall mean the board of directors of the Company.

Business Combination
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Business Day
means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by Law
to close.

Closing
shall have the meaning given in the Business Combination Agreement.

Closing Date
shall have the meaning given in the Business Combination Agreement.

Commission
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto and includes the Companys successors by recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction.

Competing Registration
Rights shall have the meaning given in Section 5.8.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4.

Earnout Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Business Combination Agreement.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Floor Price
shall mean $1.00.

Form S-1 Shelf
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.1.

Form S-3 Shelf
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.1.

Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental, quasi-governmental or administrative body, instrumentality,
department or agency or any court, tribunal, administrative hearing body, arbitration panel, commission, or other similar dispute-resolving
panel or body.

Holder Information
shall have the meaning given in Section 4.1.2.

2

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Joinder
shall have the meaning given in Section 5.10.

Law
shall mean any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation, principle of common law, ordinance, code,
edict, decree, proclamation, treaty, convention, rule, regulation, directive, requirement, writ, injunction, settlement, order or consent
that is or has been issued, enacted, adopted, passed, approved, promulgated, made, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under
the authority of any Governmental Authority.

Legacy Rare Earth
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Legal Proceeding
means any notice of noncompliance or violation, or any claim, demand, charge, action, suit, litigation, audit, settlement, complaint,
stipulation, assessment or arbitration, or any request (including any request for information), inquiry, hearing, proceeding or investigation,
by or before any Governmental Authority.

Lock-Up Agreements
means the Companys bylaws as may be in effect from time to time and the Sponsor Holder Lock-Up Agreement, collectively.

Lock-Up Period
shall mean (a) with respect to the Sponsor Holder and their respective Permitted Transferees, the lock-up period specified with respect
to a party in the Sponsor Holder Lock-Up Agreement and (b) with respect to the USARE Holders and their respective Permitted Transferees,
the lock-up period specified with respect to a Person in the Companys bylaws as may be in effect from time to time.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.5.

Minimum Takedown
Threshold shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Original Registrable
Securities shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Original RRA
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Other Coordinated
Offering shall have the meaning given in Section 2.4.1.

Permitted Transferees
means persons to whom a holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior to the expiration
of the applicable Lock-Up Period pursuant to the applicable Lock-Up Agreement.

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership),
limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or foreign, or political
subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.2.1.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

3

Registrable Security
shall mean: (i) any outstanding shares of Common Stock held by a Holder following the Closing that are issued in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Common Stock issued in connection
with the Domestication (other than the Earnout Shares); (ii) any shares of Common Stock that may be acquired by Holders upon the exercise,
conversion or redemption of any other security of the Company or other right to acquire Common Stock held by a Holder following the Closing
that are issued in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including, for the avoidance of
doubt, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants, the Earnout Shares (provided that, prior to the release of such
Earnout Shares to the Eligible Stockholders (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Earnout Shares shall only be deemed to be Registrable Securities for purposes of Sections
2.1.1, 2.1.2 and 2.1.3) and only where the person receiving such Earnout Shares has executed and become a party to this
Agreement, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Series A Investor Warrants; (iii) any outstanding Warrants held by a Holder any outstanding shares
of Common Stock; (iv) any outstanding shares of Common Stock or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (including any shares of Common
Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such warrant) of the Company held by a Holder following the date hereof to the extent
that such securities are restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) or are otherwise held by an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Company; and (v) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any securities
referenced in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction; provided, however, that, as to any particular
Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of the following events: (i)
a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities
shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement by the applicable Holder to
a Person that is not an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company and new certificates for such securities not bearing
(or book-entry positions not subject to) a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent
public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (ii) such securities shall have been otherwise
transferred (or moved to a brokerage account), new certificates for such securities not bearing (or book-entry positions not subject to)
a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall
not require registration under the Securities Act; (iii) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (iv) such securities may
be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations including as to manner or timing
of sale or current public information requirements); (v) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter
in a public distribution or other public securities transaction; (vi) after such time as the Holder of such securities holds less than
10% of the Registrable Securities issued to such Holder in connection with Closing, unless the Company consents otherwise and (vii) the
expiration of five years after the closing of the Business Combination, which such five-year period may be extended the Company in its
sole discretion.

Registration
shall mean a registration, including related Shelf Takedowns, effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement, Prospectus or
similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the documented, out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect
to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and any national securities exchange on which the
Common Stock are then listed);

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky
laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable
Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered
public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected
by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders in an Underwritten Offering or Other Coordinated Offering.

4

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement,
including any Shelf, and in each case, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration
statement.

Requesting Holders
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.5.

Rule 144
shall mean Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as amended from time to time, or any similar successor rule thereto that may
be promulgated by the Commission.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Series A Investor
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Series A Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Shelf
shall mean the Form S-1 Shelf, the Form S-3 Shelf, or any Subsequent Shelf Registration, as the case may be.

Shelf Registration
shall mean a registration of securities pursuant to a registration statement filed with the Commission in accordance with and pursuant
to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, as amended from time to time, or any similar successor rule thereto that may be promulgated
by the Commission.

Shelf Takedown
shall mean an Underwritten Shelf Takedown or any proposed transfer or sale using a Registration Statement, including a Piggyback Registration.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto.

Sponsor Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto.

Sponsor Holder
Lock-Up Agreement means the lock-up agreement, dated March 13, 2025, entered into by the Company and the Sponsor.

Sponsor Majority
Holders shall mean the Sponsor Holders holding in the aggregate a majority of the Registrable Securities then held by the
Sponsor Holders on an as-converted to Common Stock basis.

Subsequent Shelf
Registration shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.2.

Total Limit
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.6.

Transactions
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Transfer
shall mean the (i) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecation, pledge, grant of any option to
purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent
position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
with respect to, any security, (ii) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash
or otherwise, or (iii) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Lock-Up Period shall have the meaning given in Section 2.3.

Underwritten
Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the
Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Underwritten
Shelf Takedown shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

USARE Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto.

Withdrawal Notice
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.6.

Yearly Limit
shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4.

5

ARTICLE 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Shelf Registration.

2.1.1 Filing.
The Company shall, subject to Section 3.4, submit or file as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date a Registration
Statement for a Shelf Registration on Form S-1 (the Form S-1 Shelf) or, if the Company is eligible to use
a Registration Statement on Form S-3, a Shelf Registration on Form S-3 (the Form S-3 Shelf), in each case,
covering the resale of all Registrable Securities (determined as of two (2) Business Days prior to such submission or filing and assuming
that (i) all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the Floor Price
and (ii) all Series A Investor Warrants are exercised in full at an exercise price equal to the Floor Price) on a delayed or continuous
basis and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such Shelf declared effective as soon as reasonably practicable after
the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (a) the 90th calendar day following the filing date thereof if the Commission notifies
the Company that it will review the Registration Statement and (b) the tenth (10th) business day after the date the Company
is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or will not be subject to further review. Such Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant
to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder named therein. Subject to Sections 2.1.3
and 3.4, the Company shall maintain a Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the Commission
such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep a Shelf continuously effective, available
for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions
of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. In the event the Company files a Form S-1 Shelf,
the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 Shelf (and any Subsequent Shelf Registration) to a Form
S-3 Shelf as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3.

2.1.2 Subsequent
Shelf Registration. If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities
are still outstanding, the Company shall, subject to Section 3.4, use its commercially reasonable efforts to, as promptly as is
reasonably practicable, cause such Shelf to again become effective under the Securities Act (including using its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to, as promptly as is reasonably practicable, amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal of
any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement as a Shelf Registration (a Subsequent
Shelf Registration) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities under such Shelf (determined as of two (2) business
days prior to such filing and assuming that (i) all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted into shares of Common Stock at a
conversion price equal to the Floor Price and (ii) all Series A Investor Warrants are exercised in full at an exercise price equal to
the Floor Price), and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder named therein.
If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent Shelf
Registration to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof (it being
agreed that the Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under
the Securities Act) if the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) at the
most recent applicable eligibility determination date) and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration continuously effective, available
for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions
of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall
be on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on
another appropriate form.

2.1.3 New
Registrable Securities. Subject to Section 3.4, in the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are not registered
for resale on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company shall, upon the written request of such Holder, promptly use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to be covered by either, at the Companys option, any then-available
Shelf (including by means of a post-effective amendment) or a Subsequent Shelf Registration and cause the same to become effective as
soon as practicable after such filing and such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be subject to the terms hereof; provided,
however, that the Company shall only be required to cause such Registrable Securities to be so covered twice per calendar year for each
of (i) the Sponsor Holders, collectively and (ii) the USARE Holders, collectively.

6

2.1.4 Requests
for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns. Subject to Section 3.4, at any time and from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file
with the Commission, any Holder (a Demanding Holder) may request to sell all or any portion of its Registrable
Securities in an Underwritten Offering or other coordinated offering that is registered pursuant to the Shelf (each, an Underwritten
Shelf Takedown); provided that the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if such offering
shall include Registrable Securities proposed to be sold by the Demanding Holder, either individually or together with other Demanding
Holders, with a total offering price reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $25 million (the Minimum Takedown Threshold).
All requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns shall be made by giving written notice to the Company, which shall specify the approximate
number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown. Subject to Section 2.4.4, the Company
shall have the right to select the Underwriters for such offering (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized
investment banks), subject to the initial Demanding Holders prior approval (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed). Subject to Section 2.4.6, each of (i) the Sponsor Holders, collectively and (ii) the USARE Holders, collectively,
may demand Underwritten Shelf Takedowns pursuant to this Section 2.1.4 (x) not more than two (2) times in any 12-month period (the
Yearly Limit). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may effect any Underwritten
Offering pursuant to any then-effective Registration Statement, including a Form S-3, that is then available for such offering.

2.1.5 Reduction
of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, in good faith, advises the
Company, the Demanding Holders and the Holders requesting piggy back rights pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such Underwritten
Shelf Takedown (the Requesting Holders) (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable
Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other shares of Common
Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell all other shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any,
that have been requested to be sold in such Underwritten Offering pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights
held by any other stockholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be
sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the
probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum
Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, before including any shares of Common
Stock or other equity securities proposed to be sold by the Company or by other holders of Common Stock or other equity securities, the
Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata, as nearly as possible, based on
the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in
such Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders
have requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities). To
facilitate the allocation of Registrable Securities in accordance with the above provisions, the Company or the Underwriters may round
the number of shares allocated to any Holder to the nearest 10 Registrable Securities.

2.1.6 Underwritten
Shelf Takedown Withdrawal. Prior to the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used
for marketing such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, a majority in interest of the Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Shelf Takedown
shall have the right to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification (a Withdrawal
Notice) to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Underwritten
Shelf Takedown; provided that any other Demanding Holder(s) may elect to have the Company continue an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if the
Minimum Takedown Threshold would still be satisfied by the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown
by the Demanding Holder(s). If withdrawn, a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall constitute a demand for an Underwritten Shelf
Takedown by the withdrawing Demanding Holder for purposes of Section 2.1.4 and shall count toward the Yearly Limit and the Total
Limit, unless either (i) the Demanding Holder(s) making the withdrawal has not previously withdrawn any Underwritten Shelf Takedown or
(ii) the Demanding Holder(s) making the withdrawal reimburses the Company for all Registration Expenses with respect to such Underwritten
Shelf Takedown (or, if there is more than one Demanding Holder, a pro rata portion of such Registration Expenses based on the respective
number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown); provided
that, if any other Demanding Holder(s) elects to continue an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to the proviso in the immediately preceding
sentence, such Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall instead count as an Underwritten Shelf Takedown demanded by such Demanding Holder(s)
for purposes of Section 2.1.4 and shall count toward the Yearly Limit and the Total Limit. Following the receipt of any Withdrawal
Notice, the Company shall promptly forward such Withdrawal Notice to any other Requesting Holders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Shelf Takedown prior to
its withdrawal under this Section 2.1.6, other than if a Demanding Holder elects to pay such Registration Expenses pursuant to
clause (ii) of the second sentence of this Section 2.1.6.

7

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If the Company or any Holder proposes to conduct a registered offering of, or
if the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Registration of, equity securities,
or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, or Company equity securities
for its own account or for the account of stockholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the securityholders of the Company including,
without limitation, an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to Section 2.2.1), other than a Registration Statement (or any registered
offering with respect thereto) (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer
or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing securityholders, (iii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4
(or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto), (iv) for an
offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company, (v) for a dividend reinvestment plan, or (vi) a Block Trade
or an Other Coordinated Offering (which shall be subject to Section 2.4), then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed
offering to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than seven days before the anticipated filing
date of such Registration Statement or, in the case of an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the applicable red
herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used for marketing such offering, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type
of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter
or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to include in
such registered offering such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within two (2) business days after
transmission of such written notice (such Registration, a Piggyback Registration). Subject to Section 2.2.2,
the Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and, if applicable,
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of such Piggyback Registration to permit
the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this Section 2.2.1 to be included therein on the same terms and
conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such registered offering and to permit the sale or other disposition of
such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The inclusion of any Holders Registrable
Securities in a Piggyback Registration shall be subject to such Holders agreement to enter into an underwriting agreement in customary
form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten
Offering that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating
in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the
Company or the Demanding Holders desire to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any,
as to which Registration or a registered offering has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with Persons
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which Registration has been requested
pursuant to this Section 2.2, and (iii) the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration
or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of Persons other than
the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration or registered offering is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company
shall include in any such Registration or registered offering (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the
Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their
rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata, as nearly as practicable,
based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and
the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering), which can
be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not
been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as
to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights
of Persons other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

8

(b) If the Registration or registered offering is pursuant to a request by Persons other than the Holders
of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration or registered offering (A) first, the shares of Common
Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting Persons, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities
pursuant to Section 2.2.1, pro rata, as nearly as practicable, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each
Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have
requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares
of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A),
(B) and (C), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering
has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of such Persons other than the Holder of Registrable
Securities hereunder, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

(c) If the Registration or registered offering is pursuant to a request by Holder(s) of Registrable Securities
pursuant to Section 2.1, then the Company shall include in any such Registration or registered offering securities in the priority
set forth in Section 2.1.5.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities (other than a Demanding
Holder, whose right to withdraw from an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, and related obligations, shall be governed by Section 2.1.6)
shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company
and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration or, in the case of a Piggyback Registration
pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement with respect
to such Piggyback Registration used for marketing such transaction. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the
result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement
filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (other than Section 2.1.6), the Company shall be responsible for the
Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this Section 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, subject to Section 2.1.6,
any Piggyback Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as an Underwritten Shelf Takedown under
Section 2.1.4 and shall not count toward the Yearly Limit or the Total Limit.

2.3 Market Stand-off. In connection with any Underwritten Offering of equity securities of the Company
(other than a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering), if requested by the managing Underwriter, each Holder that is an executive officer
or director of the Company or a Holder in excess of 5.0% of the then-outstanding Common Stock or securities convertible thereinto (and
for which it is customary for such a Holder to agree to a lock-up) agrees that it shall not Transfer any shares of Common Stock or other
equity securities of the Company (other than those included in such offering pursuant to this Agreement), without the prior written consent
of the Company, during the 90-day period (or such shorter time agreed to by the managing Underwriters) beginning on the date of pricing
of such offering (the Underwritten Lock-Up Period), except (i) to Permitted Transferees, (ii) as expressly
permitted in writing by the Company or (iii) in the event the Underwriters managing the offering otherwise consent in writing. Each such
Holder agrees to execute a customary lock-up agreement in favor of the Underwriters to such effect (in each case on substantially the
same terms and conditions as all other Holders). The Company will not be obligated to undertake an Underwritten Shelf Takedown during
any Underwritten Lock-Up Period binding on the Holders, nor will the Company be obligated to include in any Piggyback Registration any
Registrable Securities that are then subject to a lock-up agreement.

9

2.4 Block Trades; Other Coordinated Offerings.

2.4.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this ARTICLE 2 but subject to Section 3.4, at any
time and from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file with the Commission, if a Demanding Holder wishes to engage in (a) an underwritten
registered offering not involving a roadshow, an offer commonly known as a block trade (a Block
Trade) or (b) an at the market or similar registered offering through a broker, sales agent or distribution
agent, whether as agent or principal, (an Other Coordinated Offering), in each case, with an anticipated aggregate
offering price of, either (x) at least $25 million or (y) all remaining Registrable Securities held by the Demanding Holder, then such
Demanding Holder only needs to notify the Company of the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering at least five (5) Business Days prior
to the day such offering is to commence and the Company shall as expeditiously as possible use its commercially reasonable efforts to
facilitate such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering; provided that the Demanding Holders representing a majority of the Registrable
Securities wishing to engage in the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall use commercially reasonable efforts to work with the
Company and any Underwriters, brokers, sales agents or placement agents prior to making such request in order to facilitate preparation
of the registration statement, prospectus and other offering documentation related to the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering.

2.4.2 Prior to the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used
in connection with a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering, a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Block
Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall have the right to submit a Withdrawal Notice to the Company, the Underwriter or Underwriters
(if any) and any brokers, sale agents or placement agents (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Block Trade or Other Coordinated
Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Demanding Holder shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses
incurred in connection with a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering prior to its withdrawal under this Section 2.4.2.

2.4.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Section 2.2 shall not apply to a Block
Trade or Other Coordinated Offering initiated by a Demanding Holder pursuant to this Agreement.

2.4.4 The Demanding Holder in a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall have the right to select the
Underwriters and any brokers, sale agents or placement agents (if any) for such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering (in each case,
which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks).

2.4.5 Subject to Section 2.4.6, each of (i) the Sponsor Holders, as a group, and (ii) the USARE Holders,
as a group, may demand no more than two (2) Block Trades or Other Coordinated Offerings pursuant to this Section 2.4 in any twelve
(12) month period. For the avoidance of doubt, any Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering effected pursuant to this Section 2.4
shall not be counted as a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to Section 2.1.4.

2.4.6 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, with respect to (i) the Sponsor Holders, as
a group, or (ii) the USARE Holders, as a group, in no event may the number of Block Trades or Other Coordinated Offerings demanded pursuant
to this Section 2.4 plus the number of Underwritten Shelf Takedowns demanded pursuant to Section 2.1.4 exceed a total of
three (3) demands for such group in any twelve (12) month period.

10

2.5 Legends. In connection with any sale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities by a Holder
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) and upon compliance
by the Holder with the requirements of this Section 2.5, if requested by the Holder, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the transfer agent for the Registrable Securities (the Transfer Agent) to remove any restrictive
legends related to the book entry account holding such Registrable Securities (if the requirements of Rule 144 have been met) and make
a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends promptly after any such request therefor
from the Holder; provided that the Company and the Transfer Agent have timely received from the Holder customary representations and other
documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith. Subject to receipt from the Holder
by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the
Transfer Agent in connection therewith, the Holder may request that the Company remove any legend from the book entry position evidencing
its Registrable Securities and the Company will, if required by the Transfer Agent, use its commercially reasonable efforts cause an opinion
of the Companys counsel be provided, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Transfer Agent, to the effect that the removal of such
restrictive legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act, following the earliest of such time as such Registrable
Securities (i) are subject to or have been or are about to be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or (ii) have been or
are about to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission).
If restrictive legends are no longer required for such Registrable Securities pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall, in accordance
with the provisions of this section promptly after any request therefor from the Holder accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable
representations and other documentation referred to above establishing that restrictive legends are no longer required, deliver to the
Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares. The Company
shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent, its legal counsel and all DTC fees associated with such issuance.

ARTICLE 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. In connection with any Shelf and/or Shelf Takedown, the Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended
plan of distribution thereof (and including all manners of distribution in such Registration Statement as Holders may reasonably request
in connection with the filing of such Registration Statement and as permitted by law, including distribution of Registrable Securities
to a Holders members, securityholders or partners), and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission, as soon as reasonably practicable, a Registration Statement with
respect to such Registrable Securities and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective
and remain effective until all Registrable Securities have ceased to be Registrable Securities;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration
Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by any Holder that holds at least five percent (5%)
of the Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required
by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and
regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish
without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders
legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement
(in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration
Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities
included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
Securities owned by such Holders;

11

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i)
register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws
of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light
of their intended plan of distribution) may request (or provide evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Holders that the Registrable
Securities are exempt from such registration or qualification) and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities
covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by
virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable
the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities
in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation
in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each national
securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities
no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge
thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation
or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any
stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such
Registration Statement or Prospectus as may be (a) necessary in order to comply with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, as applicable or (b) advisable in order to reduce the number of
days that sales are suspended pursuant to Section 3.4, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and
by means of one counsel on behalf of all such sellers (excluding any exhibits thereto and any filing made under the Exchange Act that
is to be incorporated by reference therein);

3.1.9 notify the selling Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration
Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 in the event of an Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering, or sale by a broker,
placement agent or sales agent that is registered pursuant to a Registration Statement, permit a representative of the Holders (such representative
to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters or other financial institutions facilitating such Underwritten
Offering, Block Trade, Other Coordinated Offering or other sale pursuant to such Registration, if any, and any attorney, consultant or
accountant retained by such Holders collectively, Underwriters or other financial institutions to participate, at each such Persons
own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply
all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, financial institution, attorney, consultant or accountant
in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representative, Underwriters or financial institutions agree to confidentiality
arrangements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

12

3.1.11 use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a comfort letter (including a bring-down letter
dated as of the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration) from the Companys independent
registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or a sale by a broker,
placement agent or sales agent pursuant to a Registration Statement (subject to such Underwriter or other financial institution facilitating
such offering providing such certification or representation as reasonably requested by the Companys independent registered public
accountings and the Companys counsel), to the extent customary, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily
covered by comfort letters as the managing Underwriter or other similar type of sales agent or placement agent may reasonably
request;

3.1.12 use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, in the event of an Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade,
an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant to a Registration Statement, to the extent
customary, on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion and negative
assurance letter, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the participating
Holders, the broker, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect
to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the participating Holders, broker, placement agent, sales agent,
or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, provided, in each
case, that such participating Holders provide such information to such counsel as is customarily required for, or is reasonably requested
by such counsel for purposes of, such opinion or negative assurance letter;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a broker,
placement agent or sales agent pursuant to a Registration Statement, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement,
purchase agreement, sales agreement or placement agreement in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter or broker, sales
agent or placement agent of such offering or sale;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering
the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective
date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any
successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 with respect to an Underwritten Offering pursuant to Section 2.1.4, use its commercially reasonable
efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may
be reasonably requested (in light of the circumstances of the Company at the time) by the Underwriter in such Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably
be requested by the Holders participating in such Registration, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in connection with such Registration.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not be required to provide any documents or information to an Underwriter or other sales agent or placement agent if
such Underwriter or other sales agent or placement agent has not then been named with respect to the applicable Underwritten Offering
or other offering involving a registration as an Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent, as applicable.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company.
It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities,
such as Underwriters or agents commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as
set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing
the Holders.

13

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. The Holders of Registrable Securities
shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter or placement agent or sales
agent, if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement or Prospectus, including amendments and supplements thereto,
in order to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to ARTICLE 2 and in connection
with the Companys obligation to comply with federal and applicable state securities Laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, if any Holder does not timely provide the Company with its requested Holder Information, the Company may exclude such
Holders Registrable Securities from the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus if the Company determines, based on the
advice of counsel, that such information is necessary to effect the registration and such Holder continues thereafter to withhold such
information. No Person may participate in any Underwritten Offering or other coordinated offering for equity securities of the Company
pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such Person (i) agrees to sell such Persons securities on
the basis provided in any arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) timely completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers
of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting or other agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required
under the terms of such arrangements. The exclusion of a Holders Registrable Securities as a result of this Section 3.3
shall not affect the registration of the other Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure; Restrictions on Registration Rights.

3.4.1 Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a
Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies
of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare
and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing
by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed.

3.4.2 If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration
at any time would (i) require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure, (ii) require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of
financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control or (iii) in the good faith judgment
of the majority of the Board, be seriously detrimental to the Company, and the majority of the Board concludes as a result that it is
essential to defer such filing, initial effectiveness or continued use at such time, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice
of such action to the Holders (which notice shall not specify the nature of the event giving rise to such delay or suspension), delay
the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time determined in good
faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under this Section 3.4.2,
the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to
any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities until such Holder receives written notice from the
Company that such sales or offers of Registrable Securities may be resumed, and in each case maintain the confidentiality of such notice
and its contents.

3.4.3 Subject to Section 3.4.4, if (i) during the period starting with the date 60 days prior to the
Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date 120 days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated
Registration, and provided that the Company continues to actively employ, in good faith, all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of the applicable Shelf Registration, or (ii) if, pursuant to Section 2.1.4, Holders have requested an Underwritten
Shelf Takedown and the Company and such Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite such offering,
then, in each case, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay any other registered offering
pursuant to Section 2.1.4.

3.4.4 The right to delay or suspend any filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement
pursuant to Section 3.4.2 or a registered offering pursuant to Section 3.4.3 shall be exercised by the Company, in the aggregate,
for not more than 90 consecutive calendar days or more 120 total calendar days in each case, during any 12-month period.

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at
all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to file timely
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver
to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether is has complied with such requirements.

14

ARTICLE 4

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities,
its officers, directors and agents and each Person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys
fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in or incorporated by reference in any Registration
Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement or any
omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder
expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each Person who controls such
Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification
of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement in which a Holder of Registrable
Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish (or cause to be furnished) to the Company in writing such information and affidavits
as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus (the Holder Information)
and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and each Person who controls the
Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of material fact contained in or incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement is contained in (or not contained in,
in the case of an omission) any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided,
however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and
the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such
Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify
the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person or entity who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities
Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any Person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying
party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair
any Persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party)
and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying
parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any
settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party
who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than
one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any
indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect
to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter
into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party
pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement includes a statement or admission of fault and culpability on the part of
such indemnified party or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to
such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

15

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling Person of such indemnified
party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering
also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the
Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable
or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses
referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or
payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to
state a material fact, was made by (or not made by, in the case of an omission), or relates to information supplied by (or not supplied
by, in the case of an omission), such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the
liability of any Holder under this Section 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in
such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred
to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above,
any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding.
The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.1.5 were determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred
to in this Section 4.1.5. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this Section 4.1.5 from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

4.2 Waiver of Medallion Guaranty. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to enter
into that certain indemnification agreement, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement, in favor of Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (or any successor transfer agent or warrant agent of the Company) in connection with the waiver of
any requirement to provide a medallion guarantee in connection with any Transfer of any equity securities of the Company by any Sponsor
Holder or any of their respective Permitted Transferees; provided that, in each case, as a prerequisite to the Companys
entry into such indemnification agreement, such Sponsor Holder or their respective Permitted Transferee enters into an indemnification
agreement, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C to this Agreement, in favor of the Company.

ARTICLE 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by email or other electronic means (including email), (iii)
one (1) Business Day after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business
Days after being mailed, if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable
party at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice). Any notice or communication
under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: USA Rare Earth, Inc., Attention: David Kronenfeld, Email: legal@usare.com,
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to White & Case LLP, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, 10019 Attention:
Joel Rubinstein, Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com; and if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as
set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written
notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as
provided in this Section 5.1.

16

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or
delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Holders hereunder may not be assigned or
delegated by the Holders in whole or in part; provided, however, that, subject to Section 5.2.5, a Holder may assign the
rights and obligations of such Holder hereunder relating to particular Registrable Securities in connection with the transfer of such
Registrable Securities to a Permitted Transferee of such Holder (it being understood that no such Transfer shall reduce any rights of
the Holder with respect to Registrable Securities still held by such Holder). A Permitted Transferee receiving Registrable Securities
from a Sponsor Holder shall become a Sponsor Holder, a Permitted Transferee receiving Registrable Securities from an USARE Holder shall
become a USARE Holder and a Permitted Transferee receiving Registrable Securities from an Other Holder shall become an Other Holder.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each
of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any Persons that are not parties hereto, other
than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall
be binding upon or obligate the Company unless such assignment is permitted under Section 5.2.2 unless and until the Company shall
have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee,
in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished
by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section
5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or other electronic
transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall
be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

5.4 Governing Law. This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or
related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of
the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of Laws to the extent such principles or rules would require
or permit the application of Laws of another jurisdiction.

5.5 Jurisdiction. Any Legal Proceeding based upon, arising out of or related to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby must be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, to the extent such court does
not have jurisdiction, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and to the extent such court does not have subject
matter jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of Delaware), and each of the parties irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of each such court in any such Legal Proceeding, (ii) waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to personal jurisdiction, venue
or to convenience of forum, (iii) agrees that all claims in respect of the Legal Proceeding shall be heard and determined only in any
such court, and (iv) agrees not to bring any Legal Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby in any other court. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the right of any party to serve process in any manner permitted
by Law or to commence Legal Proceedings or otherwise proceed against any other party in any other jurisdiction, in each case, to enforce
judgments obtained in any Legal Proceeding, suit or proceeding brought pursuant to this Section 5.5.

5.6 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION,
SUIT OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

17

5.7 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least
a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions
set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided,
however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects the Sponsor Holders shall
also require the written consent of the Sponsor Majority Holders so long as the Sponsor Holders hold, in the aggregate, at least two percent
(2%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (on an as converted to Common Stock basis); and provided, further, that any amendment
hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of capital stock
of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder
so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of
a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as
a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.8 Other Registration Rights. Other than as provided in the Warrant Agreement, dated as of May 24,
2023, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the Company represents and warrants that no Person, other
than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to
include such securities of the Company in any Registration Statement filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account
or for the account of any other Person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration
rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions, and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements
and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.9 Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the fifth anniversary of the date
of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to any Holder, the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. The provisions
of ARTICLE 4 shall survive any termination.

5.10 Holder Information. Each Holder agrees, if requested in writing, to represent to the Company the
total number of Registrable Securities held by such Holder in order for the Company to make determinations hereunder.

5.11 Additional Holders; Joinder. In addition to Persons who may become Holders pursuant to Section
5.2, subject to the prior written consent of at least a majority in interest of the aggregate Registrable Securities at the time in
question, the Company may make any Person who acquires Common Stock or rights to acquire Common Stock after the date hereof a party to
this Agreement (each such Person, an Additional Holder) by obtaining an executed joinder to this Agreement
from such Additional Holder in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (a Joinder). Such Joinder shall
specify the rights and obligations of the applicable Additional Holder under this Agreement. Upon the execution and delivery and subject
to the terms of a Joinder by such Additional Holder, the Common Stock of the Company then owned, or underlying any rights then owned,
by such Additional Holder (the Additional Holder Common Stock) shall be Registrable Securities to the extent
provided herein and therein, and such Additional Holder shall be a Holder under this Agreement with respect to such Additional Holder
Common Stock.

5.12 Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in a jurisdiction, such provision shall be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render
the same valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in any other
jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
will substitute for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may
be valid, legal and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision.

5.13 Entire Agreement; Restatement. This Agreement and the documents or instruments referred to herein,
including any exhibits and schedules attached hereto, which exhibits and schedules are incorporated herein by reference, embody the entire
agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises,
representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein or the documents or
instruments referred to herein, which collectively supersede all prior agreements and the understandings among the parties with respect
to the subject matter contained herein. Upon the Closing, the Original RRA shall no longer be of any force or effect.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

USARE HOLDERS:

[]

[]

[]

SPONSOR:

INFLECTION POINT HOLDINGS II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

OTHER SPONSOR HOLDERS:

[]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

OTHER HOLDERS:

[]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A

AMENDED AND RESTATED

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

JOINDER

The undersigned is executing
and delivering this joinder (this Joinder) pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of [____], 2024 (as the same may hereafter be amended, the Registration Rights Agreement), among
USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the other Persons named as parties therein.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Registration Rights Agreement.

By executing and delivering
this Joinder to the Company, and upon acceptance hereof by the Company upon the execution of a counterpart hereof, the undersigned hereby
agrees to become a party to, to be bound by and to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder of Registrable Securities
in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Registration Rights Agreement as [a Sponsor Holder / a USARE
Holder / an Other Holder], and the undersigneds [shares of Common Stock] shall be included as Registrable Securities under the
Registration Rights Agreement to the extent provided therein; provided, however, that the undersigned and its permitted assigns
(if any) shall not have any rights as Holders, and the undersigneds (and its transferees) [shares of Common Stock] shall
not be included as Registrable Securities, for purposes of the Excluded Sections.

For purposes of this Joinder,
Excluded Sections shall mean [].

Accordingly, the undersigned
has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the __________ day of __________, 20__.

Signature of Stockholder

Print Name of Stockholder

Its:

Address: 

Agreed and Accepted as of 

____________, 20__ 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

Exhibit B

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

[]

[]

[ ], 2024

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Re: Indemnification in-lieu-of Medallion Signature
Guarantee

To whom it may concern:

This letter is in regards
to the transfer by [Inflection Point Holdings II LLC / Name of Sponsor Holder] to [ ], of [ ] [shares
of Common Stock / warrants] of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Company). Please be advised that the Company authorizes
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company to process the subject transfer, which includes securities that have been duly endorsed
by the registered holder but do not bear a customary medallion signature guarantee. The Company agrees to indemnify Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company against all losses, liability or costs that may ensue as a result of its processing the above referenced
transaction.

I, [ ],
a duly authorized officer of the Company, have the authority to execute this indemnification on behalf of the Company.

Very truly yours,

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit C

[Inflection Point Holdings II LLC / Name of
Sponsor Holder]

[]

[]

[ ], 2024

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

[]

[]

Re: Indemnification in-lieu-of Medallion Signature
Guarantee

To whom it may concern:

This letter is in regards
to the transfer by [Inflection Point Holdings II LLC / Name of Sponsor Holder] (the Transferor) to [ ],
of [ ] [shares of Common Stock / warrants] of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Company). Please be advised
that the Transferor authorizes the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company to process the subject transfer, which includes
securities that have been duly endorsed by the Transferor but do not bear a customary medallion signature guarantee. The Transferor agrees
to indemnify the Company against all losses, liability or costs that may ensue as a result of its processing the above referenced transaction.

I, [ ],
a duly authorized officer of the Company, have the authority to execute this indemnification on behalf of the Company.

Very truly yours,

[Inflection Point Holdings II LLC / Name of Sponsor Holder]

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-3_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPONSOR LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 13, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN USA RARE EARTH, INC. AND INFLECTION POINT HOLDINGS II LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

THIS LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this
Agreement), dated as of March 13, 2025, is made and entered into by and among USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company) (formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted
company limited by shares, prior to its domestication as a Delaware corporation), and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Sponsor), and, together with any Person who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement
pursuant to Section 2 or Section 7 of this Agreement, the Securityholders and each, a Securityholder).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement
(as defined herein).

WHEREAS, the Company
is party to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination
Agreement, dated November 12, 2024, and Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, and as the same
may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination
Agreement), by and among the Company, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC (Merger Sub) and USA Rare Earth,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Legacy USARE), pursuant to which the Company, Merger Sub and Legacy
USARE consummated a business combination (the Business Combination);

WHEREAS, immediately
prior to the Business Combination, the Company transferred by way of continuation to and domesticated as a Delaware corporation in accordance
with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, and the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Domestication);

WHEREAS, prior to the
Domestication, the Sponsor owned (i) 6,250,000 Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares and (ii) 6,000,000 Cayman Purchaser Warrants;

WHEREAS, (i) immediately
prior to the Domestication, each then issued and outstanding Purchaser Class B Ordinary Share converted automatically, on a one-for-one
basis, into a Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share and (ii) in connection with the Domestication, (a) each then issued and outstanding Purchaser
Class A Ordinary Share converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of Domesticated Purchaser Class A Common Stock and
(b) each then issued and outstanding Cayman Purchaser Warrant converted automatically into a Domesticated Purchaser Warrant, following
which the Sponsor owned (i) 6,250,000 shares of Domesticated Purchaser Common Stock (the Lock-Up Shares)
and (ii) 6,000,000 Domesticated Purchaser Warrants (the Lock-Up Warrants);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Business Combination, the parties hereto wish to set forth herein certain understandings between such parties with respect to
restrictions on transfer of equity interests in the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound hereby, hereby agree as follows:

1. Transfer Restrictions.

(i) Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, each Securityholder agrees not to, without the prior written
consent of the board of directors of the Company, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option
to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Lock-Up Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Lock-Up Shares or (iii)
take any action in furtherance of any of the matters described in the foregoing clause (i) or (ii) (the actions specified in clauses
(i)-(iii), collectively, Transfer) prior to the date that is six (6) months after the consummation of
the Merger (the Initial Common Stock Lock-Up Period).

(ii) Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, each Securityholder further agrees not to, without the prior
written consent of the board of directors of the Company, Transfer more than 50% of the Lock-Up Shares prior to the date that is one (1)
year after the consummation of the Merger (the Second Common Stock Lock-Up Period).

(iii) Each Securityholder further agrees not to Transfer any Lock-Up Warrants (or any shares of Common Stock
issued or issuable upon the exercise of such Lock-Up Warrants), prior to the date that is 30 days after the date hereof (the Warrant
Lock-Up Period and, each of the Initial Common Stock Lock-Up Period, the Second Common Stock Lock-Up Period and the Warrant
Lock-Up Period, a Lock-Up Period).

2. Permitted Transfers. The restrictions set forth in Section 1 shall not apply to:

(i) Transfers of any securities other than the (a) Lock-Up Shares, (b) the Lock-Up Warrants, (c) any shares
of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of such Lock-Up Warrants, (d) any securities that may be acquired by Securityholders
upon the exercise, conversion or redemption of any of the securities described in clauses (a), (b) or (c), and (e) any other equity security
of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any securities referenced in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above by way of a stock dividend
or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar
transaction.

(ii) Transfers to the Companys officers or directors, any Affiliate or family member of any of the Companys
officers or directors, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their Affiliates, any Affiliates of the Sponsor, or any employees of
such Affiliates;

(iii) In the case of an individual, Transfers to any Affiliates or family members of the Securityholder;

(iv) Transfers to any investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by the Securityholder or any of its
Affiliates;

2

(v) Transfers by gift to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a Person to whom a Transfer would be permitted
under Section 2(iii), or to a charitable organization;

(vi) in the case of an individual, Transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such
individual;

(vii) in the case of an individual, Transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

(viii) Transfers to a nominee or custodian of a Person to whom a Transfer would be permitted under Section
2(iii);

(ix) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement
at prices no greater than the price at which the Lock-Up Shares or Lock-Up Warrants (as applicable) were originally purchased;

(x) Transfers in connection with any legal, regulatory or other order;

(xi) in the case of an entity that is a trust, Transfers to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the
estate of a beneficiary of such trust;

(xii) in the case of an entity, Transfers as part of a distribution to members, partners, shareholders or equityholders
of the Securityholder;

(xiii) in the case of an entity, Transfers by virtue of the laws of the state of the entitys organization
and the entitys organizational documents upon dissolution of the entity;

(xiv) the exercise of stock options or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock or the vesting of stock awards
relating to shares of Common Stock and any related Transfer of shares of Common Stock in connection therewith (x) deemed to occur upon
the cashless or net exercise of such options or warrants or (y) for the purpose of paying the exercise price
of such options or warrants or for paying taxes due as a result of the exercise of such options or warrants, the vesting of such options,
warrants or stock awards, or as a result of the vesting of such shares of Common Stock, it being understood that all shares of Common
Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions of this Agreement during the Lock-Up Period;

(xv) Transfers to the Company pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect upon the consummation of the
Merger that provides for the repurchase by the Company or forfeiture of Common Stock or other securities convertible into, or exercisable,
redeemable or exchangeable for, Common Stock in connection with the termination of the Securityholders service to the Company;

(xvi) the entry, by the Securityholder, at any time after the consummation of the Merger, of any trading plan
providing for the sale of shares of Common Stock by the Securityholder, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that such plan does not provide for, or permit, the sale of any shares of Common Stock
during any applicable Lock-Up Period and no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan during any
applicable Lock-Up Period;

(xvii) Transfers in the event of the completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of the Companys securityholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock
for cash, securities or other property; and

(xviii) Transfers to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, or local income tax obligations of a Securityholder (or
its direct or indirect owners) arising from a change in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
or the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations) after the date on which the Business
Combination Agreement was executed by the parties, and such change prevents the Domestication or the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization
pursuant to Section 368 of the Code (and such Transaction does not qualify for similar tax-free treatment pursuant to any successor or
other provision of the Code or Regulations taking into account such changes), in each case solely and to the extent necessary to cover
any tax liability as a direct result of the transaction.

3

provided, however, that (A) in the case
of clauses (ii) through (xii), as a prerequisite to such Transfer, such permitted transferee(s) must enter into joinder to this Agreement,
substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, in order to become a Securityholder for purposes of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Section 2, immediate family shall mean a spouse, domestic partner, child (including by adoption),
father, mother, brother or sister of the Securityholder, and lineal descendant (including by adoption) of the Securityholder or of any
of the foregoing persons.

3. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Second Common Stock Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of
a merger, liquidation, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the date hereof that results in all of the public
stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash securities or other property and (iii) the
liquidation of the Company.

4. Prohibited
Transfers. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of
the securities described therein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute
a violation or breach of this Agreement.

5. Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended, supplemented or modified only by execution of a written instrument signed by the Company and the Securityholders
holding a majority of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then held by all Securityholders as to which this Agreement has
not been terminated, executed in the same manner as this Agreement and which makes reference to this Agreement.

6. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the documents or instruments referred to herein embody the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants
or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein or the documents or instruments referred to herein, which
collectively supersede all prior agreements and the understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained
herein.

4

7. Binding
Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of Law or otherwise without
the prior written consent of the parties hereto, and any assignment without such consent shall be null and void; provided that
no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations hereunder.

8. Governing
Law. This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect
to principles or rules of conflict of Laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of Laws of another
jurisdiction.

9. Jurisdiction.
Any Legal Proceeding based upon, arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby must be brought in
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, to the extent such court does not have jurisdiction, in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware and to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State
of Delaware), and each of the parties irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in any such Legal Proceeding,
(ii) waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to personal jurisdiction, venue or to convenience of forum, (iii) agrees that all
claims in respect of the Legal Proceeding shall be heard and determined only in any such court, and (iv) agrees not to bring any Legal
Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in any other court. Nothing herein contained
shall be deemed to affect the right of any party to serve process in any manner permitted by Law or to commence Legal Proceedings or otherwise
proceed against any other party in any other jurisdiction, in each case, to enforce judgments obtained in any Legal Proceeding, suit or
proceeding brought pursuant to this Section 9.

10. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

11. Counterparts.
This Agreement (and any joinder to this Agreement) may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission)
in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed
to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

12. Severability.
In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction, such provision shall be modified
or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the validity,
legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties will substitute for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision.

13. Liability.
The liability of any Securityholder hereunder is several (and not joint). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no
event will any Securityholder be liable for any other Securityholders breach of such other Securityholders obligations under
this Agreement.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written.

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: /s/ Joshua Ballard

Name: Joshua Ballard

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly
executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

SECURITYHOLDER:

INFLECTION POINT HOLDINGS II LLC

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]

7

EXHIBIT A

JOINDER TO LOCKUP AGREEMENT

[], 20__

Reference is made to the Lockup
Agreement, dated as of [], by and among USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Company) and the Securityholders
(as defined therein) from time to time party thereto (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Lockup
Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Lockup Agreement.

Each of the Company and the
undersigned holder of equity interests in the Company (the New Securityholder) agrees that this Joinder
to the Lockup Agreement (this Joinder) is being executed and delivered for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged.

The New Securityholder hereby
agrees to and does become party to the Lockup Agreement as a Securityholder. This Joinder shall serve as a counterpart signature page
to the Lockup Agreement and by executing below, the New Securityholder is deemed to have executed the Lockup Agreement with the same force
and effect as if originally named a party thereto.

This Joinder may be executed
and delivered (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed
this Joinder as of the date first set forth above.

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

new securityholder:

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Joinder to Lock-Up Agreement]

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-5_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, BY AND AMONG, INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II, USA RARE EARTH, LLC AND THE PURCHASERS PARTY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

Execution
Version

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement)
is dated as of March [], 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Target), and the purchaser identified on the signature
pages hereto (including its successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company, the Target and IPXX
Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub),
entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination
Agreement, dated November 12, 2024, and Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated January 30, 2025 (as it
may be further amended, modified, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Business
Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination),
pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Target (the Merger), with the Target
surviving the Merger as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as a result of which, the Target will become a direct, wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Business
Combination, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as
defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities
of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the
mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Company, the Target and the Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in
this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Action means any
action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the applicable party, threatened
against or affecting the applicable party or any of its properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign).

Affiliate means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals.

Business Combination Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals.

Business Day means
any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to
remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate of Designation
means the Certificate of Designation to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of State of Delaware, in the form
of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Class A Ordinary Shares
means the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Class A Preferred SPA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Business Combination Agreement.

Class A Preferred Unit Investor
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Business Combination Agreement.

Closing means
the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means
the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all
conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations
to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means,
following the Domestication, the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Company Material Adverse
Effect means any change, event, or occurrence, that, individually or when aggregated with other changes, events, or occurrences
has had a materially adverse effect on the legal authority and ability of the Company to comply with the terms of this Agreement, including
the issuance and sale of the Securities; provided, however, that no change or effect related to any of the following, alone or in combination,
shall be taken into account in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (i) the announcement of the Business
Combination Agreement, this Agreement or any other Ancillary Document and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
including any termination of, reduction in or similar adverse impact (but in each case only to the extent attributable to such announcement
or consummation) on relationships, contractual or otherwise, with any landlords, customers, suppliers, distributors, partners or employees
of the Company or Merger Sub; (ii) the taking of any action required by the Business Combination Agreement, this Agreement or any other
Ancillary Document; (iii) any natural disaster (including hurricanes, storms, tornados, flooding, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or similar
occurrences), pandemic (including any COVID-19 Measures) or change in climate, (iv) any acts of terrorism or war, the outbreak or escalation
of hostilities, geopolitical conditions, local, national or international political conditions; (v) the Redemption; (vi) any breach of
any covenants, agreements or obligations of any Class A Preferred Units Investor, Purchaser or investor in any PIPE Investment, in each
case who is not Inflection Point Asset Management or an Affiliate of Inflection Point Asset Management, under any Class A Preferred SPA,
this Agreement or other similar agreement related to financing the Company or the Target (including any breach of such Persons
obligations to fund any amounts thereunder when required); (vii) any change in applicable Laws or GAAP or any interpretation thereof following
the date of this Agreement; or (viii) any change in interest rates or economic, political, business or financial market conditions generally.

Company Party
means the Company and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the
Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons.

Contingent Obligation
means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease,
dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary
effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements
relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with
respect thereto.

Conversion Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock purchased pursuant to this Agreement
in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation.

2

COVID-19 means
SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19, and any evolutions or mutations thereof or related or associated epidemics, pandemic or disease outbreaks.

COVID-19 Measures
means any quarantine, shelter in place, stay at home, workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure,
sequester, safety or other Law, directive, guidelines or recommendations promulgated by any industry group or any Governmental Authority,
including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization, in each case, in connection with or in response
to COVID- 19, including the CARES Act, Families First Act, the Payroll Tax Executive Order and IRS Notices 2020-22, 2020-65 and 2021-11.

Disqualification Event
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Domestication
means the Companys migration to and domestication as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, as amended and the Cayman Islands Companies Act (As Revised) in connection with the closing of the Business Combination.

Effective Date
means the first date on which (a) the initial Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission registering the resale
of all of the Underlying Shares or (b) all of the Underlying Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule
144 (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations including as to manner or timing of
sale or current public information requirements).

Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

GAAP shall mean
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.

Governmental Entity
means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political jurisdiction of any nature, federal, state, local,
municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental agency,
branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal), multi-national organization or body; or body exercising, or
entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature
or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled by a government or a public international
organization or any of the foregoing.

Indebtedness of
any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the
deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with GAAP)
(other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment
obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds,
debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets
or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing,
in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies
of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary
obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby,
is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder
of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in any property or assets (including
accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become
liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of
the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

Investor Presentation
means the PowerPoint presentation dated February 2025 detailing the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

Law means any
federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation, principle of common law, ordinance, code, edict, decree,
proclamation, treaty, convention, rule, regulation, directive, requirement, writ, injunction, settlement, Order or Consent that is or
has been issued, enacted, adopted, passed, approved, promulgated, made, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority
of any Governmental Authority.

3

Lead Placement Agent
means Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC.

Liens means a
lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Losses means losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable
attorneys fees and costs of investigation.

Organizational Documents
means, with respect to any Person that is an entity, its certificate of incorporation or formation, bylaws, operating agreement, memorandum
and articles of association or similar organizational documents, in each case, as amended.

Person means an
individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint
stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PIPE Investment
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Business Combination Agreement.

Placement Agents
means Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, Jett Capital Advisors LLC, and Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co.

Preferred Stock
means the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of
Designation, in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

Proceeding means
an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding, whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser Party
means the Purchaser and the Purchasers directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title),
each Person who controls the Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and
the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role
of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons.

Redemption shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Business Combination Agreement.

Registration Rights Agreement
means the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the Purchaser and the other parties thereto, in the form
of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Registration Statement
means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale of the
Underlying Shares by the Purchaser as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Required Minimum
means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon exercise in full of all Warrants (assuming for this purpose,
an exercise price equal to the Floor Price) and conversion in full of all shares of Preferred Stock (assuming for this purpose, a conversion
price equal to the Floor Price), ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set forth therein.

Rule 144 means
Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule.

Rule 424 means
Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule.

SEC means the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Guidance shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in the introductory paragraph to Section 3.1.

4

SEC Reports shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Securities means
the shares of Preferred Stock, the Warrants and the Underlying Shares.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Short Sales shall
include, without limitation, all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act and all types
of direct and indirect stock pledges (other than pledges in the ordinary course of business as part of prime brokerage arrangements),
forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, swaps and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other
transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers.

Sponsor means
Inflection Point Holdings II LLC.

Stated Value means
$12.00 per share of Preferred Stock.

Stock Exchange
means either The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Subscription Amount
shall mean the aggregate amount to be paid for the shares of Preferred Stock and the Warrants purchased hereunder pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement as set forth across from the Purchasers name on Schedule A hereto in U.S. dollars and in immediately available
funds.

Target Companies
means the Target and its subsidiaries.

Target Material Adverse Effect
means any event, state of facts, condition, change, development, circumstance, occurrence or effect (collectively, Events),
that (i) has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business,
assets, results of operations or financial condition of the Target Companies, taken as a whole, or (ii) does or would reasonably be expected
to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent, materially delay or materially impede the ability of the Target Companies to consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; provided, however, that in no event would any of the following, alone
or in combination, be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Target
Material Adverse Effect: (a) any change in applicable Laws or GAAP or any interpretation thereof following the date of this
Agreement, (b) any change in interest rates or economic, political, business or financial market conditions generally, (c) the taking
of any action required by the Business Combination Agreement, this Agreement or any other Ancillary Document, (d) any natural disaster
(including hurricanes, storms, tornados, flooding, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or similar occurrences), pandemic (including any COVID-19
Measures) or change in climate, (e) any acts of terrorism or war, the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, geopolitical conditions,
local, national or international political conditions, (f) any failure of the Target Companies to meet any projections or forecasts (provided
that clause (f) shall not prevent a determination that any Event not otherwise excluded from this definition of Target Material Adverse
Effect underlying such failure to meet projections or forecasts has resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect), (g) any Events generally
applicable to the industries or markets in which any of the Target Companies operate (including increases in the cost of products, supplies,
materials or other goods purchased from third party suppliers), (h) the announcement of the Business Combination Agreement, this Agreement
or any other Ancillary Document and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including any termination of, reduction
in or similar adverse impact (but in each case only to the extent attributable to such announcement or consummation) on relationships,
contractual or otherwise, with any landlords, customers, suppliers, distributors, partners or employees of the Target Companies, (i) any
matter set forth on the Company Disclosure Letter, or (j) any action taken by, or at the request of, the Company; provided, further, that
any Event referred to in clauses (a), (b), (d), (e) or (g) above may be taken into account in determining if a Target Material Adverse
Effect has occurred to the extent it has a disproportionate and adverse effect on the business, assets, results of operations or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Target Companies, taken as a whole, relative to similarly situated companies in the industry in which
the Target Companies conduct their respective operations, but only to the extent of the incremental disproportionate effect on the Target
Companies, taken as a whole, relative to similarly situated companies in the industry in which the Target Companies conduct their respective
operations.

5

Target Party means
each Target Company and each of their respective directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title),
each Person who controls any Target Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act),
and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons.

Taxes means all
direct or indirect federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, value-added, ad valorem,
transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, social security and related contributions
due in relation to the payment of compensation to employees, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits,
alternative minimum, estimated, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges in the nature of a tax, together with any
interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto imposed by a Governmental Authority.

Trading Day means
a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, and all exhibits and schedules
thereto.

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the
Company.

Underlying Shares
means the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Warrants means,
collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to 5 years, in the form of Exhibit C attached
hereto.

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
2

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On
the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees
to purchase, an aggregate of [] shares of Preferred Stock with an aggregate Stated Value equal to the Purchasers Subscription
Amount as set forth opposite the Purchasers name on Schedule A hereto, and Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a).
Not later than 10:00 am Eastern Time on the date on which the Closing will occur (and the conditions thereto will be satisfied) (the Closing
Date), the Company shall provide written notice on signed Company letterhead (which may be via email) to the Purchaser (the
Closing Notice) that (i) all closing conditions pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (as determined by
the parties to the Business Combination Agreement) or waived in writing by the Person(s) with the authority to make such waiver (other
than those conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement including to the extent that any such condition precedent is, or is dependent upon, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby) and (ii) this Agreement (as determined by the parties to this Agreement) or waived in writing by the Person(s) with
the authority to make such waiver (other than those conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the Closing pursuant to
this Agreement including to the extent that any such condition precedent is, or is dependent upon, the consummation of the Business Combination),
have been met and that such date is the Closing Date, which Closing Notice shall contain the Flow of Funds Letter (as defined below) with
the Companys wire instructions for the Companys operating account.

6

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the Closing
Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(i) a certificate
evidencing (or reasonable evidence of issuance by book entry, as applicable, of) such aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock equal
to the Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Stated Value, registered in the name of the Purchaser and evidence of the
filing and acceptance of the Certificate of Designation from the Secretary of State of Delaware;

(ii) a Warrant
registered in the name of the Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the total number of shares
of Common Stock into which the Purchasers shares of Preferred Stock are convertible on the date of Closing, with an exercise price
equal to $12.00, subject to adjustment as set forth therein; and

(iii) the Registration
Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company.

(b) On or prior to the Closing
Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) the Registration
Rights Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser;

(ii) the Purchasers
counter-signature to the Warrant described in Section 2.2(a)(ii); and

(iii) the Purchasers
Subscription Amount.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The Closing shall be
subject to the satisfaction, or valid waiver in writing by each of the parties hereto, of the conditions that, on the Closing Date:

(i) all conditions
precedent to the closing of the Business Combination set forth in Article VII of the Business Combination Agreement shall have been satisfied
(as determined by the parties to the Business Combination Agreement) or waived in writing by the Person(s) with the authority to make
such waiver (other than those conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the closing of the Business Combination pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement including to the extent that any such condition precedent is, or is dependent upon, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby), and the closing of the Business Combination shall be scheduled to occur substantially concurrently
with the Closing; and

(ii) no governmental
authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any judgment, order, law, rule or regulation which is then in effect
and has the effect of making the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the Domestication)
illegal or otherwise restraining or prohibiting consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) The obligation of the
Company to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or valid waiver in writing by the Company of the additional conditions
that, on the Closing Date:

(i) except as
otherwise provided under Section 2.3(b)(ii), all representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or material
adverse effect, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) at and as of the Closing Date (except
to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and
warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality
or material adverse effect, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date),
and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Purchaser of each of the representations, warranties and agreements
of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date, but without giving effect to consummation of the Business Combination,
or as of such earlier date, as applicable;

(ii) the representations
and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3.2(q) of this Agreement shall be true and correct at all times on or prior
to the Closing Date, and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Purchaser of such representations and warranties;

7

(iii) the Purchaser
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing; and

(iv) the delivery
by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(c) The obligation of the
Purchaser to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or valid waiver in writing by the Purchaser of the additional
conditions that, on the Closing Date:

(i) all representations
and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations
and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect, which representations and warranties shall be
true and correct in all respects) at and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly
speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (other
than representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect, which representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date), and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation
by the Company of each of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company contained in this Agreement as of the Closing
Date, but without giving effect to consummation of the Business Combination, or as of such earlier date, as applicable;

(ii) the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing; and

(iii) the delivery
by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and
Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in any SEC Reports filed by the Company or other documents submitted or furnished
to the SEC by the Company on or prior to the date hereof, or on or prior to the Closing Date, as applicable, and provided that no representation
or warranty by the Company shall apply to any statement or information in the SEC Reports that relates to changes to historical accounting
policies of the Company in connection with any order, directive, guideline, comment or recommendation from the Commission or the Companys
auditor or accountant that is applicable to the Company (collectively, the Company SEC Guidance), nor shall any correction,
amendment, revision or restatement of the Companys financial statements due wholly or in part to the Company SEC Guidance or any
other accounting matters, nor any other effects that relate to or arise out of, or are in connection with or in response to, any of the
foregoing or any changes in accounting or disclosure related thereto, be deemed to be a breach of any representation or warranty by the
Company, the Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (or, if such
representations and warranties are made with respect to a specified date, as of such date):

(a) The Company (i) is validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) has the requisite power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties, to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and (iii) is duly licensed or qualified to conduct its business and, if applicable,
is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction (other than its jurisdiction of incorporation) in which the conduct of its business
or the ownership of its properties or assets requires such license or qualification, except, with respect to the foregoing clause (iii),
where the failure to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b) As of the Closing Date,
the Securities will be duly authorized and, when issued, paid for and delivered in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens or other restrictions (other than those arising under
the Transaction Documents, the Organizational Documents of the Company or applicable securities laws), and will not have been issued in
violation of any preemptive or similar rights created under the Companys Organizational Documents (as adopted on the Closing Date)
or the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

8

(c) This Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Company, and assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery of the same by the Target and the Purchaser of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which they
are a party and the due authorization, execution and delivery of the same by all other parties to any Transaction Document, this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents shall constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and similar laws affecting creditors generally and by the availability of equitable remedies.

(d) Assuming the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement, the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder, the compliance by the Company with
all of the provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein will not conflict with
or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition
of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of (i) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement, lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject, (ii) the Organizational Documents of the Company, or (iii)
any statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its properties that, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii), would reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Assuming the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement, the Company is not required
to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other
federal, state, local or other governmental authority, self-regulatory organization or other person in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities),
other than (i) filings required by applicable state securities laws, (ii) the filing of the Registration Statement pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement, (iii) filings required by the Commission, (iv) filings required by the Stock Exchange, including with respect to obtaining
shareholder approval, (v) filings and approvals required to consummate the Business Combination as provided under the Business Combination
Agreement, including those required in connection with the Domestication, (vi) the filing of notification under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, if applicable, and (vii) those filings, the failure of which to obtain would not have a Company Material
Adverse Effect

(f) Except for such matters
as have not had and would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, there is no (i) Action, Proceeding or arbitration before a governmental
authority or arbitrator pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against the Company or (ii) judgment, decree,
injunction, ruling or order of any governmental authority or arbitrator outstanding against the Company.

(g) Assuming the accuracy
of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement, no registration under the Securities
Act or any state securities (or Blue Sky) laws is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser.

(h) Neither the Company nor
any person acting on its behalf has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation
D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Securities. The Securities are not being offered in a manner involving a public offering
under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Neither the Company nor any person acting
on the Companys behalf has, directly or indirectly, at any time within the past six (6) months, made any offer or sale of any security
or solicitation of any offer to buy any security under circumstances that would cause the offering of the Securities pursuant to
this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable shareholder approval
provisions. Neither the Company nor any person acting on the Companys behalf has offered or sold any securities, or has taken any
other action, which would reasonably be expected to subject the offer, issuance or sale of the Securities, as contemplated hereby, to
the registration provisions of the Securities Act.

9

(i) No bad actor
disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable
to the Company, except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3) is applicable.

(j) Except as would not reasonably
be expected to be material to the Company, the Company is in all material respects in compliance with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(k) As of the Closing Date,
the Common Stock will be eligible for clearing through The Depository Trust Company (DTC), through its Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian (DWAC) system, and the Company is eligible and participating in the Direct Registration System (DRS) of DTC with respect
to the Common Stock. The Companys Transfer Agent is a participant in DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

(l) The Company is solely
responsible for the payment of any fees, costs, expenses and commissions of the Placement Agents and Affiliates of the Company.

(m) As of their respective
filing dates, or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, which shall be deemed to supersede such original filing, all reports required
to be filed by the Company with the Commission (including the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, dated as of February 14, 2025 (File
No. 333-283181)) (the SEC Reports) complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, which shall be deemed to supersede such original filing, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date hereof, there are no material outstanding
or unresolved comments in comment letters received by the Company from the staff of the Division of Corporation Finance of the Commission
with respect to any of the SEC Reports. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time
of filing, or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment, which shall be deemed to supersede such original filing, and fairly present
in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this representation and warranty shall not apply to any statement or information in the SEC Reports that relates or arises
from the topics referenced in the Company SEC Guidance, and any restatement, revision or other modification to the SEC Reports (including
any financial statements contained therein) relating to or arising from the Company SEC Guidance shall not be deemed material noncompliance
for purposes of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.

(n) As of the date hereof,
the authorized share capital of the Company is $55,500 divided into 500,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary
Shares) and 5,000,000 preference shares of a par value of $0.0001 (the Preference Shares). As of the date
hereof and immediately prior to the Domestication and prior to giving effect to the Closing and the Business Combination: (i) 8,405,349
Class A Ordinary Shares, 50,000 Class B Ordinary Shares and no Preference Shares were issued and outstanding; (ii) 12,500,000 warrants,
each exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at $11.50 per share, and 7,650,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at $11.50 per share (together Outstanding Warrants), were issued and outstanding;
and (iii) no Ordinary Shares were subject to issuance upon exercise of outstanding options. No Outstanding Warrants are exercisable on
or prior to the closing of the Business Combination. All (A) issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares have been duly authorized and validly
issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject to preemptive rights and (B) Outstanding Warrants have been duly authorized
and validly issued, are fully paid and are not subject to preemptive rights. As of the date hereof, except as set forth above and pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, there are no outstanding options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for, purchase or acquire
from the Company any Ordinary Shares or other equity interests in the Company (collectively, Equity Interests) or
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Equity Interests. Except as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement,
as of the date hereof, the Company has no subsidiaries and does not own, directly or indirectly, interests or investments (whether equity
or debt) in any person, whether incorporated or unincorporated. There are no shareholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements
or understandings to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound relating to the voting of any Equity Interests, other than (A)
as set forth in the SEC Reports and (B) as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. Except as described in the SEC Reports,
there are no securities or instruments issued by or to which the Company is a party containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that
will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities.

10

(o) The issued and outstanding
Class A Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and are listed for trading on the Stock Exchange
under the symbol IPXX. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement:
(i) there is no suit, Action, Proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company
by the Stock Exchange or the Commission with respect to any intention by such entity to deregister the Class A Ordinary Shares or prohibit
or terminate the listing of the Class A Ordinary Shares on the Stock Exchange and (ii) the Company has taken no action that is designed
to terminate the registration of the Class A Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act. Following the Domestication and upon consummation
of the Business Combination, the shares of Common Stock are expected to be registered under the Exchange Act and listed for trading on
the Stock Exchange.

(p) To the knowledge of the
Company, the Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities and consummation of the Business Combination,
will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(q) Neither the Company nor,
to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds
for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made
any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns
from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(r) The Companys accounting
firm is UHY LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by
the Exchange Act.

(s) There are no disagreements
of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers
formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers
which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(t) The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents
and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or
fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
and any advice given by the Purchaser or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser
that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent
evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(u) The Company has not,
and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the
stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities.

3.2 Representations and
Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
Date (or, if such representations and warranties are made with respect to a specified date, as of such date):

(a) The Purchaser is either
an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation
or incorporation with the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.

11

(b) Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser, and assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery of the same by the Company, each Transaction Document to which the Purchaser is a party shall constitute the valid and legally
binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors generally and by the availability
of equitable remedies.

(c) The execution, delivery
and performance of the Transaction Documents, including the purchase of the Securities hereunder, the compliance by the Purchaser with
all of the provisions of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will not conflict with
or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition
of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of the Purchaser pursuant to the terms of (i) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement, lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or by which the Purchaser
is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Purchaser is subject; (ii) the Organizational Documents of the Purchaser; or
(iii) any statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having
jurisdiction over the Purchaser or any of its properties that in the case of clauses (i) and (iii), would reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on the Purchasers ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including
the purchase of the Securities.

(d) At the time the Purchaser
was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any Warrants or converts any
shares of Preferred Stock, it will be, an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act),
satisfying the applicable requirements set forth on Annex A hereto, (ii) acquiring the Securities only for its own account and
not for the account of others, or if the Purchaser is subscribing for the Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor
accounts, each owner of such account is an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act)
and the Purchaser has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements,
representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account, and (iii) not acquiring the Securities with a view
to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act (and has provided the Company
with the requested information on Annex A following the signature page hereto).

(e) The Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities
Act and that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state in the United States
or other jurisdiction and that the Company is not required to register the Securities except as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Securities may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by
the Purchaser absent an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, except (i) to the Company or a subsidiary thereof,
(ii) pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act (including without limitation a private
resale pursuant to so called Section 4(a)1), or (iii) an ordinary course pledge such as a broker lien over account
property generally, and, in each of clauses (i)-(iii), in accordance with any applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions
of the United States, and that any certificates or account entries representing the Securities shall contain a restrictive legend to such
effect. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Securities will be subject to these securities law transfer restrictions, and as
a result of these transfer restrictions, the Purchaser may not be able to readily offer, resell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose
of the Securities and may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time.
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Securities will not be immediately eligible for offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act until at least one year following the filing of certain required information
with the Commission after the Closing Date. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior
to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of any of the Securities.

(f) The Purchaser understands
and agrees that it is purchasing the Securities directly from the Company. The Purchaser further acknowledges that there have not been,
and the Purchaser hereby agrees that it is not relying on, any representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made to the Purchaser
by the Company, the Target, the Placement Agents, the Sponsor, any of their respective Affiliates or any control persons, officers, directors,
employees, partners, agents or representatives, any other party to the Business Combination or any other person or entity, expressly or
by implication, other than those representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company and the Target set forth in this
Agreement. The Purchaser agrees that none of (i) any other Purchaser (including the controlling persons, members, officers, directors,
partners, agents, or employees of any such other Purchaser), (ii) the Placement Agents, their respective Affiliates or any of their or
their respective Affiliates control persons, officers, directors or employees, (iii) the Sponsor, its Affiliates (other than the
Company), or any of its or its Affiliates respective control persons, officers, directors or employees or (iv) any other party
to the Business Combination Agreement, including any such partys representatives, Affiliates or any of its or their control persons,
officers, directors or employees, that is not a party hereto, shall be liable to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement for any action
heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to be taken by any of them in connection with the purchase of the Securities.

12

(g) In making its decision
to purchase the Securities, the Purchaser has relied solely upon independent investigation made by the Purchaser and the Companys
and the Targets representations in Sections 3.1 and 3.3, respectively, of this Agreement. The Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that the Purchaser has received such information as the Purchaser deems necessary in order to make an investment decision with
respect to the Securities, including with respect to the Company, the Target Companies and the Business Combination, and made its own
assessment and is satisfied concerning the relevant financial, tax and other economic considerations relevant to the Purchasers
investment in the Securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Purchaser acknowledges that it has reviewed the Companys
filings with the Commission. The Purchaser represents and agrees that the Purchaser and the Purchasers professional advisor(s),
if any, have had the full opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information as the Purchaser and the
Purchasers professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities.
The Purchaser acknowledges that certain information provided by the Company and the Target was based on projections, and such projections
were prepared based on assumptions and estimates that are inherently uncertain and are subject to a wide variety of significant business,
economic and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the projections.
The Purchaser further acknowledges that the information provided to the Purchaser was preliminary and subject to change, including in
the registration statement and the proxy statement and/or prospectus that the Company intends to file with the Commission in connection
with the Business Combination (which will include substantial additional information about the Company, the Target Companies and the Business
Combination and will update and supersede the information previously provided to the Purchaser). The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees
that none of the Placement Agents, the Sponsor or any of their Affiliates or any of such Persons or its Affiliates control
persons, officers, directors, employees or other representatives, legal counsel, financial advisors, accountants or agents (collectively,
Representatives) has provided the Purchaser with any information, recommendation or advice with respect to the Securities
nor is such information, recommendation or advice necessary or desired. None of the Placement Agents, the Sponsor or any of their respective
Affiliates or Representatives has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the Target Companies or the quality or value of
the Securities. In addition, the Company, the Target, the Sponsor, Placement Agents and their respective Affiliates or Representatives
may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company or the Target Companies which the Purchaser agrees need not be provided
to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to the Purchaser, none of the Placement Agents, their respective Affiliates or
the Company, the Target, the Sponsor or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary
to the Purchaser.

(h) The Purchaser became
aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact between the Purchaser and the Company or its Affiliates, by
means of direct contact between the Purchaser and the Target or its Affiliates or by means of contact from the Placement Agents, and Securities
were offered to the Purchaser solely by direct contact between the Purchaser and the Company or its Affiliates. The Purchaser did not
become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to the Purchaser, by any other means. The Purchaser acknowledges
that the Company represents and warrants that the Securities (i) were not offered by any form of general solicitation or general advertising
(within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) and (ii) are not being offered in a manner involving a public offering under,
or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act, or any state securities laws.

(i) The Purchaser acknowledges
that it is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those set forth
in the SEC Reports. The Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of an investment in the Securities, and the Purchaser has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting,
legal, business and tax advice as the Purchaser has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Purchaser (i) is
an institutional account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c), (ii) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private equity
transactions and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment
strategies involving a security or securities, and (iii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase
of the Securities. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the purchase and sale of the Securities hereunder meets (i) the exemptions
from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(A) and (ii) the institutional customer exemption under FINRA Rule 2111(b).

13

(j) The Purchaser has adequately
analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment
for the Purchaser and that the Purchaser is able at this time and in the foreseeable future to bear the economic risk of a total loss
of the Purchasers investment in the Company. The Purchaser acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

(k) The Purchaser understands
and agrees that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings
or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

(l) The Purchaser is not
(i) a person or entity named on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by the U.S. Treasury Departments
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) or in any Executive Order issued by the President of the United States and
administered by OFAC (OFAC List), or a person or entity prohibited by any OFAC sanctions program, (ii) a Designated
National as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (iii) a non-U.S. shell bank or providing banking services
indirectly to a non-U.S. shell bank. The Purchaser agrees to provide law enforcement agencies, if requested thereby, such records as required
by applicable law, provided that the Purchaser is permitted to do so under applicable law. If the Purchaser is a financial institution
subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and its implementing regulations
(collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), the Purchaser maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply
with applicable obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. To the extent required, the Purchaser maintains policies and procedures reasonably
designed for the screening of its investors against the OFAC sanctions programs, including the OFAC List. To the extent required, the
Purchaser maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the funds held by the Purchaser and used to purchase the
Securities were legally derived.

(m) No foreign person (as
defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800.224) in which the national or subnational governments of a single foreign state have a substantial interest
(as defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800.244) will acquire a substantial interest in the Company as a result of the purchase and sale of Securities
hereunder such that a declaration to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States would be mandatory under 31 C.F.R. Part
800.401, and no foreign person will have control (as defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800.208) over the Company from and after the Closing as
a result of the purchase and sale of Securities hereunder.

(n) The Purchaser will have
sufficient funds to pay the Subscription Amount pursuant to Section 2.2(b)(iii) of this Agreement and
any expenses incurred by the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by or in connection with the Transaction Documents;
(ii) has the resources and capabilities (financial or otherwise) to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; and (iii)
has not incurred any obligation, commitment, restriction or liability of any kind, absolute or contingent, present or future, which would
impair or adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.

(o) The Purchaser acknowledges
that it is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any statement, representation or warranty made by any person, firm or corporation
(including, without limitation, the Company, the Target, the Sponsor, the Placement Agents or any of their respective Affiliates or any
of their respective or their respective Affiliates control persons, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives),
other than the representations and warranties of the Company and the Target contained in Sections 3.1 and 3.3, respectively,
of this Agreement, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company. The Purchaser agrees that none of (i) any other Purchaser
or any other Person participating in any other private placement of shares of Common Stock (including the controlling persons, officers,
directors, partners, agents or employees of any such other Person), (ii) the Company, its Affiliates or any of its or their respective
Affiliates control persons, officers, directors, partners, agents, employees or representatives, (iii) the Sponsor, its Affiliates
or any of its or their respective Affiliates control persons, officers, directors, partners, agents, employees or representatives,
nor (iv) the Placement Agents, their respective Affiliates or any of their respective control persons, officers, directors, partners,
agents, employees or representatives shall be liable to the Purchaser or any other Purchaser pursuant to the Transaction Documents or
any other agreement related to a private placement of Securities for any action heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to be taken by
any of them in connection with the purchase of the Securities hereunder or thereunder.

14

(p) No broker or finder is
entitled to any brokerage or finders fee or commission to be paid by the Purchaser solely in connection with the sale of the Securities
to the Purchaser.

(q) At all times on or prior
to the Closing Date, the Purchaser has no binding commitment to dispose of, or otherwise transfer (directly or indirectly), any of the
Securities.

(r) The Purchaser hereby
agrees that neither it, nor any person or entity acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, shall, directly
or indirectly, engage in any hedging activities or execute any Short Sales with respect to the securities of the Company from the date
hereof until the Closing or the earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

(s) Except as expressly disclosed
in a Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or amendments thereto) filed by the Purchaser with the Commission with respect to the beneficial ownership
of the Companys outstanding securities prior to the date hereof, the Purchaser is not currently (and at all times through Closing
will refrain from being or becoming) a member of a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of
the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of equity
securities of the Company (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act).

(t) The Purchaser acknowledges
that (i) the Company, the Target Companies, the Sponsor and the Placement Agents, and any of their respective Affiliates, control persons,
officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives currently may have, and later may come into possession of, information regarding
the Company and the Target Companies that is not known to the Purchaser and that may be material to a decision to purchase the Securities,
(ii) the Purchaser has determined to purchase the Securities notwithstanding its lack of knowledge of such information, and (iii) none
of the Company, the Target Companies, the Sponsor or the Placement Agents or any of their respective Affiliates, control persons, officers,
directors, employees, agents or representatives shall have liability to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby, to the extent permitted
by law, waives and releases any claims it may have against the Company, the Target Companies, the Sponsor, the Placement Agents and their
respective Affiliates, control persons, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, with respect to the nondisclosure of
such information.

(u) The Purchaser acknowledges
its obligations under applicable securities laws with respect to the treatment of non-public information relating to the Company.

(v) The Purchaser acknowledges
and is aware that Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is acting as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Business Combination.
The Purchaser acknowledges and is aware that the Lead Placement Agent is acting as financial advisor to the Target in connection with
the Business Combination.

3.3 Representations and
Warranties of the Target. Except as set forth in any SEC Reports filed by the Company or other documents submitted or furnished
to the SEC by the Company on or prior to the date hereof, or on or prior to the Closing Date, as applicable, and provided that no representation
or warranty by the Target shall apply to any statement or information in the SEC Reports that relates to changes to historical accounting
policies of the Target in connection with any order, directive, guideline, comment or recommendation from the Commission or the Targets
auditor or accountant that is applicable to the Target (collectively, the Target SEC Guidance), nor shall any correction,
amendment, revision or restatement of the Targets financial statements due wholly or in part to the Target SEC Guidance or any
other accounting matters, nor any other effects that relate to or arise out of, or are in connection with or in response to, any of the
foregoing or any changes in accounting or disclosure related thereto, be deemed to be a breach of any representation or warranty by the
Target, the Target represents and warrants to the Purchaser, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (or, if such
representations and warranties are made with respect to a specified date, as of such date):

15

(a) Each of the Target Companies
is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is formed, and has the requisite
power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted.
Each of the Target Companies is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which
its or their ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it or them makes such qualification necessary, except to
the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Target Material Adverse
Effect.

(b) The Target has the requisite
power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Business Combination Agreement, this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents. The execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the
Target, and the consummation by the Target of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by the Targets
board of directors or equivalent governing body, and no further filing, consent or authorization is required by the Target, its managers
or its equity holders or other governing body. The Business Combination Agreement and this Agreement have been, and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party will be prior to the Closing, duly executed and delivered by the Target, and each constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Target, enforceable against the Target in accordance with its respective terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation
or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as
rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law.

(c) Assuming the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement, the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the compliance by the Target with all of the provisions hereof and thereof and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the
terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon
any of the property or assets of the Target pursuant to the terms of (i) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease,
license or instrument to which the Target is a party or by which the Target is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the
Target is subject, (ii) the Organizational Documents of the Target, or (iii) any statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of
any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Target or any of its properties that, in the
case of clauses (i) and (iii), would reasonably be expected to have a Target Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Assuming the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of the parties to this Agreement, the Target Companies are not required to obtain any consent, waiver,
authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other
governmental authority, self-regulatory organization or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities), other than (i) filings required
by (x) applicable state securities laws and (y) federal antitrust laws and (ii) those filings, the failure of which to obtain would not
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Disclosure. The
information and materials previously provided by or on behalf of the Target to the Purchaser (if any) in connection with the offer and
sale of the Securities, have been prepared in a good faith effort by the Target to describe the Target Companies present and proposed
products. The Target acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Target Companies make no representation, warranty or covenant with respect to any information supplied by or on behalf of the Company,
the Purchaser or its or their respective Affiliates.

3.4 Additional Representations
and Warranties of the Target. Subject to the qualifications, exceptions and disclosures related thereto in the Business Combination
Agreement and subject to the information provided in the SEC Reports filed or other documents furnished or submitted by the Company prior
to the date hereof, the Target hereby makes each of the representations and warranties of the Company (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement) set forth in the fully-executed Business Combination Agreement (as if such representations and warranties were initially made
to the Purchaser and set forth in this Agreement in their entirety, mutatis mutandis).

16

ARTICLE
4

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Securities may only
be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than pursuant
to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of the Purchaser or in connection with a pledge
as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel
selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.
As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and, if permitted pursuant
to the terms thereof, the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement, if a party thereto.

(b) The Purchaser agrees
to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser
may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in
some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under
the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement,
the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties; provided, however, that, as a prerequisite
to such pledge, the Purchaser shall (x) provide notice to the Company of such pledge or transfer at least five (5) Business Days prior
thereto and (y) cause to be delivered to the Company customary legal opinions of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party and pledgor
as shall be reasonably requested by the Company in connection therewith. Thereafter, at the Purchasers expense, the Company will
execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with
a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision
of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling securityholders thereunder.

17

(c) Certificates (or reasonable
evidence of issuance by book entry, as applicable) evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend
set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale
of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii)
as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Designation. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its counsel to
issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly after the Effective Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect
the removal of the legend hereunder or if requested by the Purchaser, respectively, in each case, if the proposed sale is to be made pursuant
to an effective registration statement or subject to an exemption from registration under the federal securities laws. If all or any shares
of Preferred Stock are converted or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement
to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance
with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable), or if the Underlying Shares may
be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under
required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) as to such Underlying Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) or as provided in the Certificate of Designation or Warrants, then such Underlying
Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no
longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate (or reasonable evidence
of issuance by book entry, as applicable) representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or
cause to be delivered to the Purchaser a certificate (or reasonable evidence of issuance by book entry, as applicable) representing such
shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions
to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.1. Certificates for Underlying Shares
subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers
prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate (or reasonable evidence of issuance by book entry, as applicable)
representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend.

(d) The Purchaser agrees
with the Company that the Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including
any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration
Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive
legend from certificates (or reasonable evidence of issuance by book entry, as applicable) representing Securities as set forth in this
Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Acknowledgment of
Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents,
are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of
any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against the Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may
have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing of Information;
Public Information. Until the time that the Purchaser does not own any Securities, the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.4 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes
of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other
transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion and Exercise
Procedures. Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of Conversion included in the
Certificate of Designation set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to exercise the Warrants or convert
its Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form
be required in order to exercise the Warrants or convert its Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchaser to exercise its Warrants or convert its Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor exercises of the Purchasers
Warrants and conversions of the Purchasers Preferred Stock and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

18

4.6 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. Neither the Company nor the Target shall publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser
in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (not
to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), except (a) as required by federal securities law or requested by the staff
of the Commission in connection with (i) any filings in connection with the Business Combination, (ii) any registration statement contemplated
by the Registration Rights Agreement and (iii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice of
such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.7 Stockholder Rights
Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that exclusively
as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement the Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control
share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan
or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that the Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such
plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents.

4.8 Non-Public Information.
The Company and the Target covenant and agree that neither they, nor any other Person acting on their behalf will provide the Purchaser
or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company and the Target reasonably believe constitutes, material
non-public information, unless prior thereto the Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the
Company and the Target to keep such information confidential. To the extent that the Company, the Target or any of their respective officers,
director, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to the Purchaser without the Purchasers
consent, the Company and the Target hereby covenant and agree that the Purchaser shall not have any duty of trust or confidentiality to
the Company, the Target or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, the
Target or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade while aware of, such material, non-public
information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any
Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or the Target, the Company shall
if reasonably practicable simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company and
the Target understand and confirm that the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenants in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

4.9 Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate and working capital purposes, in
the Companys exclusive discretion.

4.10 Indemnification.

(a) Subject to the provisions
of this Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser Party harmless from any and all Losses that any such Purchaser
Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents (unless such Loss is primarily based upon a material breach
of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).

(b) Subject to the provisions
of this Section 4.10, the Target will indemnify and hold each Purchaser Party, harmless from any and all Losses that any such Purchaser
Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to any breach of any of the representations and warranties of the Target Companies
found exclusively in Section 3.3, covenants or agreements made by the Target in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents
(unless such Loss is primarily based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under
the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations
by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined
to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).

19

(c) Subject to the provisions
of this Section 4.10, the Purchaser will, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold (i) each Company Party and (ii) each Target
Party, harmless from any and all Losses that any such Company party or Target Party (as applicable) may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents (unless such Loss is primarily based upon a material breach of such Company Partys or Target
Partys (as applicable) representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Company Party or Target Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Company Party or Target Party (as applicable)
of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Company Party or Target Party (as applicable) which is finally judicially determined
to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).

(d) If any Action or Proceeding
shall be brought against any Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Person (the Indemnified
Party) shall promptly notify the Person against whom such indemnity may be sought (the Indemnifying Party)
in writing, but the omission to notify such Indemnifying Party will not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability that it may
have to any Indemnified Party under this Section 4.10 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture
of substantive rights or defenses by the Indemnifying Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party. Any Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ
separate counsel in any such Action or Proceeding and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall
be at the expense of such Indemnified Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the
Indemnifying Party in writing, (ii) the Indemnifying Party has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to
employ counsel or (iii) in such Action or Proceeding there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Indemnifying Party and the position of such Indemnified Party, in which case the Indemnifying Party
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Indemnifying Party shall not
be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a
final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Party from and against any loss or liability
by reason of such settlement or judgment. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect
any settlement of any pending or threatened Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity
could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified
Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

4.11 Reservation and Listing
of Securities.

(a) Commencing on the Closing
Date, the Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant
to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) If, on any date following
the Closing Date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than 100% of (i) the
Required Minimum on such date, minus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents,
then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation
to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time (minus the number
of shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents), as soon as possible and in any event not later than
the 75th day after such date, provided that the Company will not be required
at any time to authorize a number of shares of Common Stock greater than the maximum remaining number of shares of Common Stock that could
possibly be issued after such time pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

(c) The Company shall, as
applicable: (i) promptly after the Closing Date and in connection with the registration with the Commission of the Underlying Shares,
in the manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an additional shares listing application
covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps
reasonably necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as practicable
thereafter and to provide to the Purchaser evidence of such listing or quotation and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such Trading Market or
another Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

20

4.12 Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. The Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding
with it will execute any purchases or sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of
this Agreement and ending at the Cleanse Time. The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company (the Cleanse Time), the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the
existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that, (i) the Purchaser does not make any representation, warranty or covenant
hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the Cleanse Time and (ii) the Purchaser
shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities
laws from and after the Cleanse Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.13 Blue Sky Filings.
The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify
the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the
United States.

ARTICLE
5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate and be void and of no further force and effect, and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
shall terminate without any further liability on the part of any party in respect hereof, upon the earlier to occur of (a) the mutual
written agreement of the parties hereto to terminate this Agreement, or (b) the termination (for any reason) of the Business Combination
Agreement by any party to the same. Additionally, (i) the Company may terminate this Agreement with respect to the Purchaser if any of
the conditions set forth in Section 2.3(a) applicable to the Purchaser shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not
have been waived by the Company; and (ii) the Purchaser may terminate this Agreement if (X) any of the conditions set forth in Section
2.3(b) shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Purchaser or (Y) the Closing shall not have
occurred on or prior to the date on which the Target is permitted to terminate the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to Section
8.01(d) of the Business Combination Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will relieve any party from liability for
any intentional breach hereof prior to the time of termination, and each party will be entitled to any remedies at law or in equity to
recover losses, liabilities or damages arising from such intentional breach; provided, that in the event that
the Business Combination Agreement is ever terminated by the Company and/or the Target for any reason, the Purchaser hereby agrees not
to indirectly assert a claim against the Target by funding the Company or any other party to assert any such claim.

5.2 Fees and Expenses.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants
and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation,
any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by a
Purchaser), stamp taxes and other Taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.3 Entire Agreement.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

21

5.4 Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at
the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day,
(b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the e-mail
address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company, the Target and the Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the Company, the Target or the Purchaser, as
the case may be, dependent on the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with
respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver
of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. Neither the Company
nor the Target may assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other and the
Purchaser (other than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser
assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Placement Agents shall be the third party beneficiaries of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1
hereof and with respect to the representations and warranties of the Purchaser in Section 3.2 hereof. This Agreement is intended
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.10 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (other than the Certificate of Designation) (whether brought against
a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents,
other than the Certificate of Designation), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents,
then, in addition to the obligations of the parties under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

22

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained in Section 3.1, Section 3.2 and Section 3.3 herein shall survive the
Closing and the delivery of the Securities. The representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4 herein shall not survive
the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other
Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company
does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its
sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without
prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of (x) a rescission of a
conversion of the Purchasers Preferred Stock, the Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any
such rescinded conversion or (y) a recission of an exercise of a Warrant, the Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common
Stock subject to any exercise notice concurrently with the return to the Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company
for such shares and the restoration of the Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to the Purchasers Warrant (including,
issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement of Securities.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.10 shall be the exclusive remedy for any Losses resulting from a breach of any
of the representations and warranties contained in ARTICLE 3 of this Agreement, in each case exclusively to the extent such Losses arise
during the survival period of such representations and warranties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

5.16 Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

23

5.17 Usury. To
the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist
any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by the Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under
any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed
and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not
exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest
that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to
the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any
circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Purchaser with respect to Indebtedness
evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by the Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such Indebtedness
or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Purchasers election.

5.18 Liquidated Damages.
The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding
the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall
have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (i) whenever required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall
include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural
and vice versa; (ii) including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the
generality of any description preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without
limitation; and (iii) the words herein, hereto and hereby and other words of similar
import in this Agreement shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular portion of this
Agreement.

5.21 Trust Account Waiver.
The Purchaser hereby acknowledges that, as described in the Companys prospectus relating to its initial public offering (the IPO)
dated May 24, 2023 available at www.sec.gov, the Company has established a trust account (the Trust Account) containing
the proceeds of the IPO and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously with the IPO (including interest accrued from time
to time thereon) for the benefit of the Company, its public shareholders and certain other parties. For and in consideration of the Company
entering into this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Purchaser on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates and subsidiaries, and each of its and their employees, agents, representatives
and any other person or entity acting on its and their behalf hereby (a) agrees that it does not now and shall not at any time hereafter
have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any assets held in the Trust Account, and shall not make any claim against
the Trust Account, arising out or as a result of, in connection with or relating in any way to this Agreement, and regardless of whether
such claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory of legal liability (any and all such claims are collectively referred
to hereafter as the Released Claims), (b) irrevocably waives any Released Claims that it may have against the Trust
Account now or in the future as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement, and (c) agrees that it will not seek recourse against
the Trust Account as a result of, in connection with or relating in any way to this Agreement; provided, however, that nothing
in this Section 5.21 shall be deemed to limit the Purchasers right to distributions from the Trust Account in accordance
with the Companys memorandum and articles of association in respect of any redemptions by the Purchaser in respect of shares of
Common Stock acquired by any means other than pursuant to this Agreement.

24

5.22 NO LIABILITY UPON
GOOD FAITH TERMINATION. OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO ANY LIABILITIES ARISING PURSUANT TO SECTION 4.10 AND/OR SECTION 5.2
ABOVE, NONE OF THE COMPANY, TARGET, ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, OR ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT, OR ANY OF THEIR
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EQUITYHOLDERS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, ADVISORS OR LEGAL COUNSEL SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, AS A RESULT OF POTENTIAL LOST PROFITS AND OPPORTUNITIES) TO THE PURCHASER AS A RESULT OF THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT
AS A RESULT OF THE GOOD FAITH TERMINATION OF THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT BECAUSE OF A FAILURE OF A CLOSING CONDITION TO BE MET
(SOLELY TO THE EXTENT SUCH FAILURE IS OUTSIDE OF THE CONTROL OF THE TARGET OR THE COMPANY, BUT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE BUSINESS COMBINATION
AGREEMENT IS TERMINATED BY THE COMPANY OR TARGET).

5.23 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY,
TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL
BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

25

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Inflection Point ACQUISITION CORP. II Address for Notice:

167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

By: New York, New York 10016

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Chief Executive Officer Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

White & Case LLP

1221 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020 

Attn: Joel L. Rubinstein 

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR TARGET FOLLOWS]

[COMPANY SIGNATURE PAGES TO USA RARE EARTH INC. SPA]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

USA Rare Earth, LLC Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: 

Title: Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[TARGET SIGNATURE PAGE TO USA RARE EARTH INC. SPA]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: ______________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $

Shares of Preferred Stock:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO USA RARE EARTH INC. SPA]

SCHEDULE A

Name of Purchaser Subscription Amount Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Warrant Shares
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.32
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-32_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 12, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II), USA RARE EARTH, LLC AND JOSHUA BALLARD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.32

Execution Version

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 12, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (which shall domesticate as a Delaware corporation
prior to Closing and be renamed USA Rare Earth, Inc.) (the Purchaser), USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Company), and Joshua Ballard (the Employee). Company and Purchaser are referred
to herein, collectively, as the Parties, and individually, as a Party.

RECITALS

A. Pursuant to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Purchaser,
Company, and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (Merger
Sub), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024, and as further
amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025 (as amended, and as may be further
amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement), Merger Sub will merge with and into Company, with
Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser.

B. Prior to the Closing, Company and Employee entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated as of
December 16, 2024 (the Employment Agreement), whereby Company employs Employee to serve as the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company.

C. In connection with, effective as of and contingent upon, the Closing, Company desires to assign all of
its rights, title, and interest in and to the Employment Agreement to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to accept and assume the same,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

D. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them
in the Employment Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the
premises, and the agreements, mutual covenants, representations, and warranties hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Assignment of Employment Agreement. Company hereby assigns, transfers, conveys, and delivers
to Purchaser, its successors and assigns forever, effective as of and contingent upon the Closing, all of Companys rights, title,
and interest in and to the Employment Agreement, free and clear of any and all encumbrances. Purchaser hereby accepts, effective as of
and contingent upon the Closing, the foregoing assignment and assumes all of Companys duties, obligations, and responsibilities
as Company under the Employment Agreement to the extent arising from and after the Closing, in accordance with the terms
thereof. Upon such assumption, the Company shall have no liability with respect to the Employment Agreement. Employee agrees that Purchaser
shall hereafter be a party to such Employment Agreement and shall have the right and ability to enforce the Employment Agreement against
Employee (and receive the benefits thereof in the place of the Company) and Employee shall have the right and ability to enforce the Employment
Agreement against Purchaser (and receive the benefits thereof in place of the Company) as if Employee was a party thereto.

2. Representations and Warranties of Company. To induce Purchaser to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Company represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:

a. Employment Agreement. A true, correct, and complete copy of the Employment Agreement, together
with any amendments thereto, is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A. The Employment Agreement is in full force and effect and
has not been modified or amended, either orally or in writing, from the version attached hereto as Exhibit A.

b. Authority; Validity. Company has full power, authority, and legal capacity to execute, deliver,
and perform its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Company, does not
require any further authorization or consent, and is the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with
its terms. Section 6(e) of the Employment Agreement provides that the Employment Agreement may be assigned by the Company, without
Executives consent, to (i) any affiliate of the Company or (ii) any other successor in interest to the Companys business
and assets (whether by merger, sale of assets, contribution of assets or otherwise).

3. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. To induce Company to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser represents and warrants to Company that Purchaser has full power, authority,
and legal capacity to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement and that this Agreement has been duly authorized,
executed, and delivered by Purchaser, does not require any further authorization or consent, and is the legal, valid, and binding obligation
of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

4. Further Assurances. Company and Purchaser hereby agree to take such additional actions and
to execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all other acts, deeds, assignments, powers of attorney, instruments, or other documents as
may reasonably be requested by the other Party to effect the intent and purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

5. Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or supplemented
only by a written instrument authorized and executed by Company and Purchaser. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof
shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and executed by the Party so waiving. The waiver by any Party of a breach of
any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.

6. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any choice of Law provision or rule that would cause the application of the Laws
of any other jurisdiction.

7. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable
under any present or future law, arbitrator, or court of competent jurisdiction, and if the rights or obligations of any Party will not
be materially and adversely affected thereby, (a) such provision will be fully severable, (b) this Agreement will be construed and enforced
as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof, (c) the remaining provisions of this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect and will not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance
here from, and (d) in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision, there will be added as a part of this Agreement a legal,
valid, and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible upon which
the Parties agree based upon the underlying intent of the Parties.

2

8. Headings; Interpretation. The section and other headings in this Agreement are solely for
reference and will not affect the meaning or interpretation hereof. References to including and words of similar import
shall mean including, without limitation, and any list of items that may follow such word shall not be deemed to represent
a complete list of, or be limited to, the contents of the referent of the subject. The singular of any term, including any defined term,
shall include the plural and the plural of any term shall include the singular. The use of any pronoun with respect to gender shall include
the neutral, masculine, and feminine.

9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed
an original but all of which will constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange by the Parties of copies of this Agreement and
executed signature pages hereto by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Agreement and may be used in lieu of the original thereof for all purposes.

10. Joint Preparation. This Agreement has been prepared by the joint efforts of the respective
attorneys to each of the Parties. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed on the basis that such Party was the author of such
provision.

[Signatures follow on separate pages]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.

Purchaser:

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption
of Employment Agreement - Ballard]

Company:

USA RARE EARTH, LLC

By: /s/ David Kronenfeld

Name: David Kronenfeld

Title: Chief Legal Officer

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption
of Employment Agreement - Ballard]

Employee:

JOSHUA BALLARD

By: /s/ Joshua Ballard

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption
of Employment Agreement - Ballard]

Exhibit A

Employment Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-35_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>USA RARE EARTH, INC. 2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.35

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

1. ESTABLISHMENT
OF THE PLAN

USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), hereby establishes this incentive compensation plan to be known as the USA Rare
Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan). Exhibit A, which
is incorporated by reference, defines certain terms used in the Plan and includes certain operational rules related to those terms.

2. PURPOSE

The purpose of the Plan is
to provide a means through which the Company and its affiliates may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means whereby certain
directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors (and certain prospective directors, officers, employees, consultants, and advisors)
of the Company and its affiliates can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, which
may be measured by reference to the value of the shares of Stock, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company
and its affiliates and aligning their interests with those of the Companys stockholders. The Plan has been established to advance
the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to Participants of Stock and Stock-based Awards. The Plan was adopted by the Board
of Directors of the Company on February 14, 2025. The Plan shall become and is effective as of the Effective Date.

3. ADMINISTRATION

The Plan will be administered by the Administrator.
The Administrator has discretionary authority, subject only to the express provisions of the Plan, to administer and interpret the Plan
and any Awards; to determine eligibility for and grant Awards; to determine the exercise price, base value from which appreciation is
measured, or purchase price, if any, applicable to any Award, to determine, modify, accelerate or waive the terms and conditions of any
Award; to determine the form of settlement of Awards (whether in cash, shares of Stock, other Awards or other property); to prescribe
forms, rules and procedures relating to the Plan and Awards; and to otherwise do all things necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes
of the Plan or any Award. Determinations of the Administrator made with respect to the Plan or any Award are conclusive and bind all persons.

4. LIMITS
ON AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN

(a) Number
of Shares.Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7(b), the maximum number of shares of Stock that may be delivered
in satisfaction of Awards under the Plan as of the Effective Date is 13,000,000 shares (the Share Pool). Up to 13,000,000
shares of Stock from the Share Pool may be delivered in satisfaction of ISOs, but nothing in this Section 4(a) will be construed as requiring
that any, or any fixed number of, ISOs be awarded under the Plan. For purposes of this Section 4(a), the number of shares of Stock delivered
in satisfaction of Awards will be determined (1) by reducing the Share Pool by the number of shares of Stock withheld by the Company in
payment of the exercise price or purchase price of an Award or in satisfaction of tax withholding requirements with respect to an Award, (2) by
reducing the Share Pool by the full number of shares covered by a SAR any portion of which is settled in Stock (and not only the number
of shares of Stock delivered in settlement of a SAR), and (3) by increasing the Share Pool by any shares of Stock underlying any portion
of an Award that is settled in cash or that expires, becomes unexercisable, terminates or is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company
without the issuance of Stock (or retention, in the case of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock). For the avoidance of doubt, the Share
Pool will not be increased by any shares of Stock delivered under the Plan that are subsequently repurchased using proceeds directly attributable
to Stock Option exercises. The limits set forth in this Section 4(a) will be construed to comply with any applicable requirements of Section
422.

(b) Substitute
Awards.TheAdministrator may grant Substitute Awards under the Plan. To the extent consistent with the
requirements of Section 422 and the regulations thereunder and other applicable legal requirements (including applicable stock exchange
requirements), shares of Stock delivered in respect of Substitute Awards will be in addition to and will not reduce the Share Pool. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything in Section 4(a) to the contrary, if any Substitute Award is settled in cash or expires, becomes unexercisable,
terminates or is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company without the delivery (or retention, in the case of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted
Stock) of Stock, the shares of Stock previously subject to such Award will not increase the Share Pool or otherwise be available for future
issuance under the Plan. The Administrator will determine the extent to which the terms and conditions of the Plan apply to Substitute
Awards, if at all, provided, however, that Substitute Awards will not be subject to the limit described in Section 4(d) below.

(c) Type
of Shares.Stock delivered by the Company under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Stock, treasury Stock or previously
issued Stock acquired by the Company. No fractional shares of Stock will be delivered under the Plan.

(d) Director
Limits. The maximum aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid to any Director with respect to any calendar year, including
Awards granted under the Plan and cash fees or other compensation paid by the Company to such Director outside of the Plan, in each case,
for services as a Director during such calendar year, may not exceed $750,000 in the aggregate, calculating the value of any Awards based
on the grant date fair value in accordance with the Accounting Rules and assuming maximum payout levels.

5. ELIGIBILITY
AND PARTICIPATION

The Administrator will select
Participants from among Employees and Directors of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company and its subsidiaries. Eligibility for
ISOs is limited to individuals described in the first sentence of this Section 5 who are employees of the Company or of a parent
corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company as those terms are defined in Section 424 of the Code. Eligibility
for Stock Options, other than ISOs, and SARs is limited to individuals described in the first sentence of this Section 5 who are providing
direct services on the date of grant of the Award to the Company or to a subsidiary of the Company that would be described in the first
sentence of Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E) of the Treasury Regulations. Consultants and advisors to the Company and its subsidiaries shall
be eligible for Awards, provided that they may be offered securities pursuant to the Form S-8 under the Securities Act.

6. RULES
APPLICABLE TO AWARDS

(a) All
Awards.

(1) Award
Provisions.The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of all Awards, subject to the limitations provided
herein. No term of an Award shall provide for automatic reload grants of additional Awards upon the exercise of an Option
or SAR. By accepting (or, under such rules as the Administrator may prescribe, being deemed to have accepted) an Award, the Participant
will be deemed to have agreed to the terms and conditions of the Award and the Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the
contrary, Substitute Awards may contain terms and conditions that are inconsistent with the terms and conditions specified herein, as
determined by the Administrator.

2

(2) Term
of Plan.The Plan shall remain in effect, subject to the right of the Board or the Compensation Committee to amend
or terminate the Plan at any time, until the earlier of (A) the earliest date as of which all Awards granted under the Plan have been
satisfied in full or terminated and no shares of Stock approved for issuance under the Plan remain available to be granted under new Awards
or (B) the earlier of the date on which the Plan was approved by the Board and the date on which the Plan was approved by the
stockholders of the Company. No Awards may be made after such termination date, but previously granted Awards may remain in effect
until such Awards have been satisfied or terminated in accordance with the Plan and the terms of such Awards.

(3) Transferability.Neither
ISOs nor, except as the Administrator otherwise expressly provides in accordance with the third sentence of this Section 6(a)(3), other
Awards may be transferred other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. During a Participants lifetime, ISOs and,
except as the Administrator otherwise expressly provides in accordance with the third sentence of this Section 6(a)(3), SARs and NSOs
may be exercised only by the Participant. The Administrator may permit the gratuitous transfer (i.e., transfer not for value) of
Awards other than ISOs, subject to applicable securities and other laws and such terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine.

(4) Vesting;
Exercisability.The Administrator will determine the time or times at which an Award vests or becomes exercisable
and the terms and conditions on which a Stock Option or SAR remains exercisable. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrator may
at any time accelerate the vesting and/or exercisability of an Award (or any portion thereof), regardless of any adverse or potentially
adverse tax or other consequences resulting from such acceleration. Unless the Administrator expressly provides otherwise, however, the
following rules will apply if a Participants Employment ceases:

(A) Except
as provided in (B) and (C) below, immediately upon the cessation of the Participants Employment each Stock Option and SAR (or portion
thereof) that is then held by the Participant or by the Participants permitted transferees, if any, will cease to be exercisable
and will terminate and each other Award that is then held by the Participant or by the Participants permitted transferees, if any,
to the extent not then vested will be forfeited.

(B) Subject
to (C) and (D) below, each Stock Option and SAR (or portion thereof) held by the Participant or the Participants permitted transferees,
if any, immediately prior to the cessation of the Participants Employment, to the extent then vested and exercisable, will remain
exercisable for the lesser of (i) a period of three (3) months following such cessation of Employment or (ii) the period ending on the
latest date on which such Stock Option or SAR could have been exercised without regard to this Section 6(a)(4), and will thereupon immediately
terminate.

(C) Subject
to (D) below, each Stock Option and SAR (or portion thereof) held by a Participant or the Participants permitted transferees, if
any, immediately prior to the cessation of the Participants Employment due to death or by the Company due to Disability, to the
extent then vested and exercisable, will remain exercisable for the lesser of (i) the one (1)-year period ending on the first (1st)
anniversary of such cessation of Employment or (ii) the period ending on the latest date on which such Stock Option or SAR could have
been exercised without regard to this Section 6(a)(4), and will thereupon immediately terminate.

(D) All
Awards (whether or not vested or exercisable) held by a Participant or the Participants permitted transferees, if any, immediately
prior to the cessation of the Participants Employment will immediately terminate upon such cessation of Employment if the termination
is for Cause or occurs in circumstances that in the determination of the Administrator would have constituted grounds for the Participants
Employment to be terminated for Cause (in each case, without regard to the lapsing of any required notice or cure periods in connection
therewith).

3

(5) Recovery
of Compensation.The Administrator may provide in any case that any outstanding Award (whether or not vested or exercisable),
the proceeds from the exercise or disposition of any Award or Stock acquired under any Award, and any other amounts received in respect
of any Award or Stock acquired under any Award will be subject to forfeiture and disgorgement to the Company, with interest and other
related earnings, if the Participant to whom the Award was granted is not in compliance with any provision of the Plan or any applicable
Award, or any non-competition, non-solicitation, no-hire, non-disparagement, confidentiality, invention assignment, or other restrictive
covenant by which the Participant is bound. Each Award will be subject to any policy of the Company or any of its subsidiaries applicable
to the Participant that relates to trading on non-public information and permitted transactions with respect to shares of Stock, including
limitations on hedging and pledging. In addition, each Award will be subject to any policy of the Company or any of its affiliates that
provides for forfeiture, disgorgement, or clawback with respect to incentive compensation that includes Awards under the Plan and will
be further subject to forfeiture and disgorgement to the extent required by law or applicable stock exchange listing standards, including,
without limitation, Section 10D of the Exchange Act. Each Participant, by accepting or being deemed to have accepted an Award under the
Plan, agrees (or will be deemed to have agreed) to the terms of this Section 6(a)(5) and any clawback, recoupment or similar policy of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries and further agrees (or will be deemed to have further agreed) to cooperate fully with the Administrator,
and to cause any and all permitted transferees of the Participant to cooperate fully with the Administrator, to effectuate any forfeiture
or disgorgement described in this Section 6(a)(5). Neither the Administrator nor the Company nor any other person, other than the Participant
and the Participants permitted transferees, if any, will be responsible for any adverse tax or other consequences to a Participant
or the Participants permitted transferees, if any, that may arise in connection with this Section 6(a)(5).

(6) Taxes.The
grant of an Award and the issuance, delivery, vesting and retention of Stock, cash or other property under an Award are conditioned upon
the full satisfaction by the Participant of all tax and other withholding requirements with respect to the Award. The Administrator will
prescribe rules for the withholding of taxes and other amounts with respect to any Award as it deems necessary. Without limitation to
the foregoing, the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company will have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold (by
any means set forth herein or in an Award agreement), or require a Participant to remit to the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the
Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all U.S. and non-U.S. federal, state and local income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe
benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to participation in the Plan and any Award hereunder and legally applicable
to the Participant and required by law to be withheld (including, any amount deemed by the Company, in its discretion, to be an appropriate
charge to the Participant even if legally applicable to the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company). The Administrator, in
its sole discretion, may hold back shares of Stock from an Award or permit a Participant to tender previously-owned shares of Stock in
satisfaction of tax or other withholding requirements (but not in excess of the maximum withholding amount consistent with the Award being
subject to equity accounting treatment under the Accounting Rules). Any amounts withheld pursuant to this Section 6(a)(6) will be treated
as though such amounts had been made directly to the Participant. In addition, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct
any such tax and other withholding amounts from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant from the Company or any parent
or subsidiary of the Company.

(7) Dividends;
Dividend Equivalents.The Administrator may provide for the payment of amounts (on terms and subject to such restrictions
and conditions established by the Administrator) in lieu of cash dividends or other cash distributions with respect to Stock subject to
an Award whether or not the holder of such Award is otherwise entitled to share in the actual dividend or distribution in respect of such
Award; provided, however, that (A) dividends or dividend equivalents relating to an Award that, at the dividend payment date,
remains subject to a risk of forfeiture (whether service-based or performance-based) shall be subject to the same risk of forfeiture as
applies to the underlying Award and (B) no dividends or dividend equivalents shall be payable with respect to Stock Options or SARs. Any
entitlement to dividend equivalents or similar entitlements will be established and administered in a manner that is intended to be either
consistent with an exemption from, or in compliance with, the applicable requirements of Section 409A.

4

(8) Rights
Limited.Nothing in the Plan or any Award will be construed as giving any person the right to be granted an Award
or to continued employment or service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any rights as a stockholder except as to shares
of Stock actually delivered under the Plan. The loss of existing or potential profit in any Award will not constitute an element of damages
in the event of a termination of a Participants Employment for any reason, even if the termination is in violation of an obligation
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to the Participant.

(9) Coordination
with Other Plans.Shares of Stock and/or Awards under the Plan may be granted in tandem with, or in satisfaction of
or substitution for, other Awards under the Plan or awards made under other compensatory plans or programs of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. For example, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, awards under other compensatory plans or programs of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries may be settled in Stock (including, without limitation, Unrestricted Stock) under the Plan if the
Administrator so determines, in which case the shares delivered will be treated as awarded under the Plan (and will reduce the Share Pool).

(10) Section
409A.

(A) Without
limiting the generality of Section 11(b) hereof, each Award will contain such terms as the Administrator determines and will be construed
and administered such that the Award either qualifies for an exemption from the requirements of Section 409A or satisfies such requirements.

(B) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan or any Award agreement, the Administrator may unilaterally amend, modify or terminate the Plan or
any outstanding Award, including but not limited to changing the form of the Award, if the Administrator determines that such amendment,
modification or termination is necessary or desirable to avoid the imposition of an additional tax, interest or penalty under Section
409A.

(C) If
a Participant is determined on the date of the Participants separation from service, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i)
of the Code, from the Company to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of
the Code with respect to the Company, then, with regard to any payment that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under and
subject to Section 409A and that is payable on account of the Participants separation from service, such payment
will be made or provided on the date that is the earlier of (i) the first (1st) business day following the expiration of the
six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service and (ii) the date of the Participants
death (the Delay Period). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section
6(a)(10)(C) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single lump sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) will
be paid, without interest, on the first (1st) business day following the expiration of the Delay Period in a lump sum and any
remaining payments due under the Award will be paid in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them in the applicable Award
agreement.

(D) For
purposes of Section 409A, each payment in a series of payments made under the Plan or any Award will be treated as a separate payment.

(E) With
regard to any payment considered to be nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, to the extent applicable, that is payable
upon a change in control of the Company or other similar event, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of an additional tax, interest
or penalty under Section 409A, no amount will be payable unless such change in control constitutes a change in control event
within the meaning of Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) of the Treasury Regulations.

5

(b) Stock
Options and SARs.

(1) Time
and Manner of Exercise.Unless the Administrator expressly provides otherwise, no Stock Option or SAR will be deemed
to have been exercised until the Administrator receives a notice of exercise in a form acceptable to the Administrator that is signed
by the appropriate person and accompanied by any payment required under the Award. The Administrator may limit or restrict the exercisability
of any Stock Option or SAR in its discretion, including in connection with any Covered Transaction. Any attempt to exercise a Stock Option
or SAR by any person other than the Participant will not be given effect unless the Administrator has received such evidence as it may
require that the person exercising the Award has the right to do so.

(2) Exercise
Price.The exercise price (or the base value from which appreciation is to be measured) per share of each Award requiring
exercise must be no less than one hundred percent (100%) (in the case of an ISO granted to a ten percent (10%) stockholder within the
meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code, one hundred and ten percent (110%)) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock, determined
as of the date of grant of the Award, or such higher amount as the Administrator may determine in connection with the grant.

(3) Payment
of Exercise Price.Where the exercise of an Award (or portion thereof) is to be accompanied by a payment, payment
of the exercise price must be made by cash or check acceptable to the Administrator or, if so permitted by the Administrator and if legally
permissible, (A) through the delivery of previously acquired unrestricted shares of Stock, or the withholding of unrestricted shares of
Stock otherwise deliverable upon exercise, in either case that have a Fair Market Value equal to the exercise price; (B) through a broker-assisted
cashless exercise program acceptable to the Administrator; (C) by other means acceptable to the Administrator; or (D) by any combination
of the foregoing permissible forms of payment. The delivery of previously acquired shares in payment of the exercise price under clause
(A) above may be accomplished either by actual delivery or by constructive delivery through attestation of ownership, subject to such
rules as the Administrator may prescribe.

(4) Maximum
Term.The maximum term of Stock Options and SARs must not exceed ten (10) years from the date of grant (or five (5)
years from the date of grant in the case of an ISO granted to a ten percent (10%) stockholder described in Section 6(b)(2) above).

(5) No
Repricing.Except in connection with a corporate transaction involving the Company (which term includes, without limitation,
any stock dividend, stock split, extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off,
combination or exchange of shares) or as otherwise contemplated by Section 7 below, the Company may not, without obtaining stockholder
approval, (A) amend the terms of outstanding Stock Options or SARs to reduce the exercise price or base value of such Stock Options or
SARs, (B) cancel outstanding Stock Options or SARs in exchange for Stock Options or SARs that have an exercise price or base value that
is less than the exercise price or base value of the original Stock Options or SARs, or (C) cancel outstanding Stock Options or SARs that
have an exercise price or base value greater than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of such cancellation in exchange
for cash or other consideration.

(6) $100,000
Per Year Limitation for ISOs. To the extent the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of grant) of Stock
for which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company) exceeds
$100,000, such excess ISOs shall be treated as NSOs.

6

7. EFFECT
OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS

(a) Mergers, etc.Except
as otherwise expressly provided in an Award agreement or other agreement or by the Administrator, the following provisions will apply
in the event of a Covered Transaction:

(1) Assumption
or Substitution.If the Covered Transaction is one in which there is an acquiring or surviving entity, the Administrator
may provide for (A) the assumption or continuation of some or all outstanding Awards or any portion thereof or (B) the grant of new awards
in substitution therefor by the acquiror or survivor or an affiliate of the acquiror or survivor.

(2) Cash-Out
of Awards.Subject to Section 7(a)(5) below, the Administrator may provide for payment (a cash-out),
with respect to some or all Awards or any portion thereof (including only the vested portion thereof, with the unvested portion terminating
as provided in Section 7(a)(4) below), equal in the case of each applicable Award or portion thereof to the excess, if any, of (A) the
Fair Market Value of one share of Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Stock subject to the Award or such portion, minus (B) the
aggregate exercise or purchase price, if any, of such Award or such portion thereof (or, in the case of a SAR, the aggregate base value
above which appreciation is measured), in each case on such payment and other terms and subject to such conditions (which need not be
the same as the terms and conditions applicable to holders of Stock generally), as the Administrator determines, including that any amounts
paid in respect of such Award in connection with the Covered Transaction be placed in escrow or otherwise made subject to such restrictions
as the Administrator deems appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, if the per share exercise or purchase price (or base value) of an
Award or portion thereof is equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock, such Award or portion may be cancelled
with no payment due hereunder or otherwise in respect thereof.

(3) Acceleration
of Certain Awards.Subject to Section 7(a)(5) below, the Administrator may provide that any Award requiring exercise
will become exercisable, in full or in part, that the restrictions applicable to any Award of Restricted Stock will lapse, in full or
in part, and/or that the delivery of any shares of Stock remaining deliverable under any outstanding Award of Stock Units (including Restricted
Stock Units and Performance Awards to the extent consisting of Stock Units) will be accelerated, in full or in part, in each case on a
basis that gives the holder of the Award a reasonable opportunity, as determined by the Administrator, following the exercise, lapse of
restrictions or the delivery of the shares, as the case may be, to participate as a stockholder in the Covered Transaction.

(4) Termination
of Awards upon Consummation of Covered Transaction.Except as the Administrator may otherwise determine, each Award
will automatically terminate (and in the case of outstanding shares of Restricted Stock, will automatically be forfeited) immediately
upon the consummation of the Covered Transaction, other than (A) any Award that is assumed, continued or substituted for pursuant to Section
7(a)(1) above, and (B) any Award that by its terms, or as a result of action taken by the Administrator, continues following the Covered
Transaction.

(5) Additional
Limitations.Any share of Stock and any cash or other property or other award delivered pursuant to Section 7(a)(1),
Section 7(a)(2) or Section 7(a)(3) above with respect to an Award may, in the discretion of the Administrator, contain such restrictions,
if any, as the Administrator deems appropriate, including to reflect any performance or other vesting conditions to which the Award was
subject and that did not lapse (and were not satisfied) in connection with the Covered Transaction. For purposes of the immediately preceding
sentence, a cash-out under Section 7(a)(2) above or an acceleration under Section 7(a)(3) above will not, in and of itself, be treated
as the lapsing (or satisfaction) of a performance or other vesting condition. In the case of Restricted Stock that does not vest and is
not forfeited in connection with the Covered Transaction, the Administrator may require that any amounts delivered, exchanged or otherwise
paid in respect of such Stock in connection with the Covered Transaction be placed in escrow or otherwise made subject to such restrictions
as the Administrator deems appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan.

(6) Uniform
Treatment.For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof)
in a uniform manner, and may treat different Participants and/or Awards differently, in connection with a Covered Transaction.

7

(b) Changes
in and Distributions with Respect to Stock.

(1) Basic
Adjustment Provisions.In the event of a stock dividend, stock split or combination of shares (including a reverse
stock split), recapitalization, spin-off or other change in the Companys capital structure that constitutes an equity restructuring
within the meaning of the Accounting Rules or in the case of an extraordinary cash dividend, the Administrator shall make appropriate
adjustments to the Share Pool and to the limit described in Section 4(d), and shall make appropriate adjustments to the number and kind
of shares of stock or securities underlying Awards then outstanding or subsequently granted, any exercise or purchase prices (or base
values) relating to Awards and any other provision of Awards affected by such change.

(2) Certain
Other Adjustments.The Administrator may also make adjustments of the type described in Section 7(b)(1) above to take
into account distributions to stockholders other than those provided for in Sections 7(a) and 7(b)(1), or any other event, if the Administrator
determines that adjustments are appropriate to avoid distortion in the operation of the Plan or any Award.

(3) Continuing
Application of Plan Terms.References in the Plan to shares of Stock will be construed to include any stock or securities
resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section 7.

8. LEGAL
CONDITIONS ON DELIVERY OF STOCK

The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any shares of Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove any restriction from shares of Stock previously delivered under the Plan
until: (a) the Company is satisfied that all legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been addressed
and resolved; (b) if the outstanding Stock is at the time of delivery listed on any stock exchange or national market system, the shares
to be delivered have been listed or authorized to be listed on such exchange or system upon official notice of issuance; and (c) all conditions
of the Award have been satisfied or waived. The Company may require, as a condition to the exercise of an Award or the delivery of shares
of Stock under an Award, such representations or agreements as counsel for the Company may consider appropriate to avoid violation of
the Securities Act, or any applicable state or non-U.S. securities law. Any Stock delivered under the Plan will be evidenced in such manner
as the Administrator determines appropriate, including book-entry registration or delivery of stock certificates. In the event that the
Administrator determines that stock certificates will be issued in connection with Stock issued under the Plan, the Administrator may
require that such certificates bear an appropriate legend reflecting any restriction on transfer applicable to such Stock, and the Company
may hold the certificates pending the lapse of the applicable restrictions.

9. AMENDMENT
AND TERMINATION

The Administrator may at any
time or times amend the Plan or any outstanding Award for any purpose which may at the time be permitted by applicable law, and may at
any time terminate the Plan as to any future grants of Awards; provided, however, that except as otherwise expressly provided
in the Plan or the applicable Award, the Administrator may not, without the Participants consent, alter the terms of an Award so
as to affect materially and adversely the Participants rights under the Award, unless the Administrator expressly reserved the
right to do so in the Plan or at the time the applicable Award was granted. Any amendments to the Plan will be conditioned upon stockholder
approval only to the extent, if any, such approval is required by applicable law (including the Code) or stock exchange requirements,
as determined by the Administrator. For the avoidance of doubt, without limiting the Administrators rights hereunder, the following
shall not be treated as an amendment requiring a Participants consent: (a) adjustment to any Award pursuant to the terms of Section
7 or Section 12, (b) any amendment that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the purpose of complying the Plan or an Award
with changes in accounting standards or applicable laws, regulations or rules, including, but not limited to, Section 409A or (c) any
amendment that causes an ISO to become a NSO.

8

10. OTHER
COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS

The existence of the Plan
or the grant of any Award will not affect the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to grant any person bonuses or other compensation
in addition to Awards under the Plan.

11. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) Waiver
of Jury Trial.By accepting or being deemed to have accepted an Award under the Plan, each Participant waives (or
will be deemed to have waived), to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, any right to a trial by jury in any action, proceeding
or counterclaim concerning any rights under the Plan or any Award, or under any amendment, waiver, consent, instrument, document or other
agreement delivered or which in the future may be delivered in connection therewith, and agrees (or will be deemed to have agreed) that
any such action, proceedings or counterclaim will be tried before a court and not before a jury. By accepting or being deemed to have
accepted an Award under the Plan, each Participant certifies that no officer, representative, or attorney of the Company has represented,
expressly or otherwise, that the Company would not, in the event of any action, proceeding or counterclaim, seek to enforce the foregoing
waivers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, nothing herein is to be construed as limiting the ability of the Company
and a Participant to agree to submit any dispute arising under the terms of the Plan or any Award to binding arbitration or as limiting
the ability of the Company to require any individual to agree to submit such disputes to binding arbitration as a condition of receiving
an Award hereunder.

(b) Limitation
of Liability.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or any Award, neither the Company, nor any of its
subsidiaries, nor the Administrator, nor any person acting on behalf of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or the Administrator, will
be liable to any Participant, to any permitted transferee, to the estate or beneficiary of any Participant or any permitted transferee,
or to any other person by reason of any acceleration of income, any additional tax, or any penalty, interest or other liability asserted
by reason of the failure of an Award to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 or Section 409A or by reason of Section 4999 of the Code,
or otherwise asserted with respect to any Award.

(c) Unfunded
Plan.The Companys obligations under the Plan are unfunded, and no Participant will have any right to specific
assets of the Company in respect of any Award. Participants will be general unsecured creditors of the Company with respect to any amounts
due or payable under the Plan.

12. ESTABLISHMENT
OF SUB-PLANS

The Administrator may at any
time and from time to time (including before or after an Award is granted) establish, adopt, or revise any rules and regulations as it
may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan for Participants based outside of the U.S. and/or subject to the laws of countries
other than the U.S., including by establishing one or more sub-plans, supplements or appendices under the Plan or any Award agreement
for the purpose of complying or facilitating compliance with non-U.S. laws or taking advantage of tax favorable treatment or for any other
legal or administrative reason determined by the Administrator. Any such sub-plan, supplement or appendix may contain, in each case, (a)
such limitations on the Administrators discretion under the Plan and (b) such additional or different terms and conditions, as
the Administrator deems necessary or desirable and will be deemed to be part of the Plan but will apply only to Participants within the
group to which the sub-plan, supplement or appendix applies (as determined by the Administrator); provided, however,
that no sub-plan, supplement or appendix, rule or regulation established pursuant to this provision shall increase Share Pool.

9

13. GOVERNING
LAW

(a) Certain
Requirements of Corporate Law.Awards and shares of Stock will be granted, issued and administered consistent with
the requirements of applicable Delaware law relating to the issuance of stock and the consideration to be received therefor, and with
the applicable requirements of the stock exchanges or other trading systems on which the Stock is listed or entered for trading, in each
case as determined by the Administrator.

(b) Other
Matters.Except as otherwise provided by the express terms of an Award agreement, under a sub-plan described in Section
12 or as provided in Section 13(a) above, the domestic substantive laws of the State of Delaware govern the provisions of the Plan and
of Awards under the Plan and all claims or disputes arising out of or based upon the Plan or any Award under the Plan or relating to the
subject matter hereof or thereof without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule that would cause the application
of the domestic substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.

(c) Jurisdiction.Subject
to Section 11(a) and except as may be expressly set forth in an Award agreement,by accepting (or being deemed to have accepted)
an Award, each Participant agrees or will be deemed to have agreed to (1) submit irrevocably and unconditionally to the jurisdiction of
the federal and state courts located within the geographic boundaries of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
for the purpose of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon the Plan or any Award; (2) not commence any suit,
action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon the Plan or any Award, except in the federal and state courts located within the
geographic boundaries of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware; and (3) waive, and not assert, by way of
motion as a defense or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that the Participant is not subject personally to
the jurisdiction of the above-named courts that the Participants property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that
the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that
the Plan or any Award or the subject matter thereof may not be enforced in or by such court.

10

EXHIBIT A

Definition of Terms

The following terms, when used in the Plan, have
the meanings and are subject to the provisions set forth below:

Accounting Rules: Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor provision.

Administrator: The Compensation
Committee, except with respect to such matters that are not delegated to the Compensation Committee by the Board (whether pursuant to
committee charter or otherwise). The Compensation Committee (or the Board, with respect to such matters over which it retains authority
under the Plan or otherwise) may delegate (i) to one or more of its members (or one or more other members of the Board) such of its duties,
powers and responsibilities as it may determine; (ii) to one or more officers of the Company the power to grant Awards to the extent permitted
by Section 152 or 157(c) of Delaware General Corporation Law; and (iii) to such Employees or other persons as it determines such ministerial
tasks as it deems appropriate. For purposes of the Plan, the term Administrator will include the Board, the Compensation
Committee, and the person or persons delegated authority under the Plan to the extent of such delegation, as applicable. With respect
to any Award to which Section 16 of the Exchange Act applies, the Administrator shall consist of either the Board or a committee of the
Board, which committee shall consist of two or more directors, each of whom is intended to be, to the extent required by Rule 16b-3 of
the Exchange Act, a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act and an independent director
to the extent required by the rules of the national securities exchange that is the principal trading market for the Stock; provided,
that with respect to Awards made to a member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company, Administrator means the
Board. Any member of the Administrator who does not meet the foregoing requirements shall abstain (or be deemed to have abstained) from
any decision regarding an Award and shall not be considered a member of the Administrator to the extent required to comply with Rule 16b-3
of the Exchange Act.

Award: Any or any combination
of the following:

(i) Stock
Options.

(ii) SARs.

(iii) Restricted
Stock.

(iv) Unrestricted
Stock.

(v) Stock
Units, including Restricted Stock Units.

(vi) Performance
Awards.

(vii) Awards
(other than Awards described in (i) through (vii) above) that are convertible into or otherwise based on Stock.

Board: The Board of Directors
of the Company.

11

Cause: In the case of any
Participant who is party to an employment agreement, change of control, severance-benefit or similar agreement that contains a definition
of Cause, the definition set forth in such agreement applies with respect to such Participant for purposes of the Plan for
so long as such agreement is in effect. In every other case, Cause means, as determined by the Administrator, termination
of a Participants employment or other service because of: (i) the Participants being charged with a felony (or similar crime
in a foreign jurisdiction) or crime of dishonesty or moral turpitude, (ii) insubordination, gross negligence or willful misconduct in
the performance of the Participants duties, (iii) illegal use of controlled substances during the performance of the Participants
duties or that adversely affects the reputation or best interests of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iv) the Participants
commission of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds, breach of fiduciary duty or a material act of dishonesty against the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, (v) material breach by the Participant of any written employment, non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality
or similar agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (vi) the Participants material noncompliance with Company policy
or code of conduct, (vii) the Participants persistent neglect of duty or chronic unapproved absenteeism, (viii) the Participants
willful and deliberate failure in the performance of the Participants duties in any material respect, in each case, as determined
in good faith by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion, or (ix) any other conduct by a Participant that could be expected
to be harmful to the business, interests or reputation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Closing Date: The date of
the closing of the transactions contemplated by that certain Business Combination Agreement made and entered into as of August 21, 2024,
by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Code: The U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as from time to time amended and in effect, or any successor statute as from time to time in effect, including any applicable
regulations and formal guidance issued thereunder.

Compensation Committee: The
Compensation Committee of the Board.

Covered Transaction: Any
of the following:

(i) The
consummation of a reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation of the Company, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, other than: (a) a reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation which would result in the voting securities
of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into
voting securities of the surviving or parent entity) fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of the Company or such surviving or parent entity outstanding immediately after such reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation;
or (b) a merger or capitalization effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no entity
or person is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly (as determined under Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act),
of securities representing more than the amounts set forth in (ii) below;

(ii) Acquisition
of direct or indirect beneficial ownership (as determined under Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), in the aggregate, of securities
of the Company representing thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the total combined voting power of the Companys issued and outstanding
voting securities by any entity or person (other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
under any employee benefit plan of the Company, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of Stock) acting in concert; or

(iii) During
any period of not more than twelve (12) months, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director
whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the stockholders of the Company was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for
election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof; or

12

(iv) Liquidation
or dissolution of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
for Awards that are subject to Section 409A, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, prescribe in an applicable Award agreement
or other written agreement approved by the Administrator, an alternative definition of Covered Transaction that is intended
to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A and, to the extent required by Section 409A, provides that a Covered Transaction shall not
be deemed to occur unless such event constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

Director: A member of the
Board who is not an Employee.

Disability: In the case of
any Participant who is party to an employment, change of control, severance-benefit or similar agreement that contains a definition of
Disability (or a corollary term), the definition set forth in such agreement applies with respect to such Participant for
purposes of the Plan for so long as such agreement is in effect. In every other case, Disability means, as determined by
the Administrator, absence from work due to a disability for a period in excess of ninety (90) days in any twelve (12)-month period that
would entitle the Participant to receive benefits under the Companys long-term disability program as in effect from time to time
(if the Participant were a participant in such program).

Effective Date: The later
of the date the Plan was approved by the Companys stockholders or the Closing Date.

Employee: Any person who
is employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Employment: A Participants
employment or other service relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Employment will be deemed to continue, unless the
Administrator otherwise determines, so long as the Participant is employed by, or otherwise is providing services in a capacity described
in Section 5 to, the Company or any of its subsidiaries. If a Participants employment or other service relationship is with any
subsidiary of the Company and that entity ceases to be a subsidiary of the Company, the Participants Employment will be deemed
to have terminated when the entity ceases to be a subsidiary of the Company unless the Participant transfers Employment to the Company
or one of its remaining subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in construing the provisions of any Award relating to the payment
of nonqualified deferred compensation (subject to Section 409A) upon a termination or cessation of Employment, references
to termination or cessation of employment, separation from service, retirement or similar or correlative terms will be construed to require
a separation from service (as that term is defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations, after giving effect
to the presumptions contained therein) from the Company and from all other corporations and trades or businesses, if any, that would be
treated as a single service recipient with the Company under Section 1.409A-1(h)(3) of the Treasury Regulations. The Company
may, but need not, elect in writing, subject to the applicable limitations under Section 409A, any of the special elective rules prescribed
in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations for purposes of determining whether a separation from service has occurred.
Any such written election will be deemed a part of the Plan.

Exchange Act: The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Market Value: As of
a particular date, (i) the closing price for a share of Stock reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any other national securities exchange
on which the Stock is then listed) for that date or, if no closing price is reported for that date, the closing price on the immediately
preceding date on which a closing price was reported or (ii) in the event that the Stock is not traded on a national securities exchange,
the fair market value of a share of Stock determined by the Administrator consistent with the rules of Section 422 and Section 409A to
the extent applicable.

ISO: A Stock Option intended
to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422. Each Stock Option granted pursuant to the Plan will be
treated as providing by its terms that it is to be an NSO unless, as of the date of grant, it is expressly designated as an ISO in the
applicable Award agreement.

13

NSO: A Stock Option that
is not intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422.

Participant: An eligible
Employee, Director, consultant, advisor to whom an Award has been granted pursuant to the Plan.

Performance Award: An Award
subject to performance vesting conditions, which may include Performance Criteria.

Performance Criteria: Specified
criteria, other than the mere continuation of Employment or the mere passage of time, the satisfaction of which is a condition for the
grant, exercisability, vesting or full enjoyment of an Award. A Performance Criterion and any targets with respect thereto need not be
based upon an increase, a positive or improved result or avoidance of loss and may be applied to a Participant individually, or to a business
unit or division of the Company or to the Company as a whole and may relate to any or any combination of any criterion or criteria determined
by the Administrator (measured either absolutely or comparatively (including, without limitation, by reference to an index or indices
or the performance of one or more companies) and determined either on a consolidated basis or, as the context permits, on a divisional,
subsidiary, line of business, project or geographical basis or in combinations thereof and subject to such adjustments, if any, as the
Administrator specifies. A Performance Criterion may also be based on individual performance and/or subjective performance criteria. The
Administrator may provide that one or more of the Performance Criteria applicable to such Award will be adjusted in a manner to reflect
events (for example, but without limitation, acquisitions or dispositions) occurring during the performance period that affect the applicable
Performance Criterion or Criteria. Performance Criteria may be based upon one or more of the following (including adjusted versions of
the following), without limitation, as determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that the Administrator retains discretion to
select any other Performance Criteria whether or not listed herein: (i) revenue; (ii) sales; (iii) expenses; (iv) operating income; (v)
gross margin; (vi) operating margin; (vii) earnings or adjusted earnings before any one or more of: stock-based compensation expense,
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (viii) pre-tax profit; (ix) net operating income; (x) net income; (xi) economic value
added; (xii) free cash flow or adjusted free cash flow; (xiii) operating cash flow; (xiv) balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities; (xv) stock price; (xvi) earnings per share; (xvii) return on stockholder equity; (xviii) return on capital; (xix) return on
assets; (xx) return on investment; (xxi) total stockholder return; (xxii) employee satisfaction; (xxiii) employee retention; (xxiv)
market share; (xxv) customer satisfaction; (xxvi) product development; (xxvii) research and development expenses; (xxviii) completion
of an identified special project; (xxix) completion of a joint venture or other corporate transaction; and (xxx) personal performance
objectives established for an individual Participant or group of Participants.

14

Person: Any individual, entity
or group within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, other than employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained
by the Company and by entities controlled by the Company or an underwriter, initial purchaser or placement agent temporarily holding the
capital stock of the Company pursuant to a registered public offering.

Restricted Stock: Stock subject
to restrictions requiring that it be forfeited, redelivered or offered for sale to the Company if specified performance or other vesting
conditions are not satisfied.

Restricted Stock Unit: A
Stock Unit that is, or as to which the delivery of Stock or of cash in lieu of Stock is, subject to the satisfaction of specified performance
or other vesting conditions.

SAR: A right entitling the
holder upon exercise to receive an amount (payable in cash or in shares of Stock of equivalent value) equal to the excess of the Fair
Market Value of the shares of Stock subject to the right over the base value from which appreciation under the SAR is to be measured.

Section 409A: Section 409A
of the Code.

Section 422: Section 422
of the Code.

Securities Act: The Securities
Act of 1933, as amended

Share Pool: The number of
shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 4(a).

Stock: The Companys
Common Stock, par value $[] per share.

Stock Option: An option entitling
the holder to acquire shares of Stock upon payment of the exercise price.

Stock Unit: An unfunded and
unsecured promise, denominated in shares of Stock, to deliver Stock or cash measured by the value of Stock in the future.

Substitute Awards: Awards
granted under the Plan in substitution for one or more equity awards of an acquired company that are converted, replaced or adjusted in
connection with the acquisition.

Unrestricted Stock: Stock
not subject to any restrictions under the terms of the Award.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-36_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.36

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

[PERFORMANCE] RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT
NOTICE

USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), pursuant to the USA Rare Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time
(the Plan), hereby grants to Participant the number of restricted stock units (RSUs) set forth
below, each of which represents the right to receive one share of Stock without any payment for such shares. This award is subject to
all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (this Notice),
in the corresponding [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan, which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in
their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. If there is any conflict between the
terms in this Notice, Exhibit 1 to this Notice, the corresponding [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan, then such
conflict or inconsistency shall be resolved by giving such documents precedence in the following order: Exhibit 1, this Notice, the corresponding
[Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, and then the Plan.

Participant [PARTICIPANT NAME]

Date of Grant: [GRANT DATE]

Number of RSUs: [TOTAL SHARES]

Type of Grant: [Performance] Restricted Stock Units

Vesting Schedule: This award shall vest pursuant to the schedule set forth in Exhibit 1, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein in its entirety.

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Notice, the corresponding [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that this Notice and the corresponding [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Notice, the corresponding [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding this RSU award and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of the following agreements only.

By accepting these RSUs, the Participant consents
to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and
maintained by the Administrator or another third party designated by the Administrator.

USA Rare Earth, Inc. 

By: [NAME] 

Title: 

Participant: 

Date: 

Attachments: [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement; 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan

2

Exhibit 1: Vesting Schedule

3

Attachment 1: [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

[PERFORMANCE] RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Pursuant to your [Performance] Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice (Grant Notice) and this [Performance] Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Agreement),
USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) has granted you the number of RSUs under the USA Rare
Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan) indicated in your Grant Notice, each of which represents the right
to receive one share of Stock. The RSUs are granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date
of Grant). If there is any conflict between the terms in the Grant Notice, Exhibit 1 to the Grant Notice, this Agreement and
the Plan, then such conflict shall be resolved by giving such documents precedence in the following order: Exhibit 1, the Grant Notice,
this Agreement, and then the Plan. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the
Plan will have the same meanings as in the Plan.

The details of the RSUs, in addition to those
set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows:

1. Vesting; No Shareholder Rights

The RSUs will vest as provided in your
Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Employment with the Company and its subsidiaries, except as may be provided
otherwise in the Vesting Schedule in Exhibit 1 to your Grant Notice or in an employment or other written agreement between you and the
Company. You will not be deemed to be the holder of, or have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to, any RSUs unless and until
they have vested and the Administrator has issued and delivered shares of Stock to you and your name shall have been entered as a stockholder
of record on the books of the Company.

2. Number of RSUs

The number of RSUs is set forth in your
Grant Notice and will be adjusted in the event of changes in capital structure and similar events as provided in Section 7 of the Plan.

3. Settlement

Subject to Section 8, each RSU
will be settled by delivery to you of one share of Stock within thirty (30) days following vesting. The Administrator may, in its sole
discretion, deliver cash in lieu of all or any portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable in respect of the RSUs in an amount
equal to such number of shares of Stock multiplied by the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date when such shares would otherwise
have been issued, as determined by the Administrator.

4

4. Securities Law Compliance

In no event shall the Company deliver
shares of Stock upon vesting or settlement of the RSUs unless such shares are then registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and applicable state securities law or, if not registered, the Administrator has determined
that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws. The issuance of shares of Stock is also subject to compliance with all other applicable laws and regulations governing
your RSUs, including the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Stock may be listed, and you may not be issued shares of Stock
if the Administrator determines that such issuance would not be in material compliance with such laws, regulations and listing requirements.

5. Other Terms

(a) In considering the acceptance of this award of RSUs, you understand, acknowledge, agree and hereby stipulate
that you should use the same independent investment judgment that you would use in making other investments in corporate securities. Among
other things, stock prices will fluctuate over any reasonable period of time and the price of Stock may go down as well as up. No guarantees
are made as to the future prospects of the Company or the Stock. No representations are made by the Administrator or the Company.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Stock issued under this Agreement and
all amounts that may be received by you in connection with any disposition of any such Stock shall be subject to applicable recoupment,
clawback and similar provisions under law, as well as any recoupment, clawback and similar policies of the
Company that may be adopted at any time and from time to time in accordance with Section 6(a)(5) of the Plan.

6. Transferability

The RSUs are not assignable or transferable,
except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the RSUs may not be sold,
assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of, or pledged or hypothecated in any manner (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and
shall not be subject to execution, attachment or other process. Any assignment, transfer, sale, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition
of the RSUs or any attempt to make any such levy of execution, attachment or other process will cause the RSUs to terminate immediately.

7. RSUs not a Service Contract

The RSUs are not an employment or service
contract, and nothing in the RSUs will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ
or service of the Company or an affiliate, or of the Company or an affiliate to continue your employment or service. In addition, nothing
in the RSUs will obligate the Company or an affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue
any relationship that you might have as a member of the Companys Board or a consultant for the Company or an affiliate.

5

8. Withholding Obligations

(a) At the time when the RSUs vest, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Administrator,
you hereby agree to make adequate provision for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations
of the Company or an affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with such vesting and settlement of the RSUs. The Administrator, in
its sole discretion, may (but is not required to) hold back shares of Stock otherwise issuable on settlement of the RSUs or permit you
to tender previously-owned shares of Stock in satisfaction of tax or other withholding requirements (but not in excess of the maximum
withholding amount consistent with the RSUs being subject to equity accounting treatment under the Accounting Rules). In addition, the
Administrator may (but is not required to), to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax and other withholding amounts from any
payment of any kind otherwise due to you from the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The Administrator and the Company assume no responsibility for individual income taxes, penalties or interest
related to grant, vesting or settlement of any RSU. Neither the Administrator, the Company nor any affiliate makes any representation
or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs. You
should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the tax ramifications, if any, which result from receipt of the RSUs, the subsequent
issuance, if any, of Stock on settlement of the RSUs, and the subsequent disposition of any such Stock. You acknowledge that the Administrator
or the Company may be required to withhold federal, state and/or local taxes in connection with the vesting and/or settlement of the RSUs.
No RSUs will vest or be settled unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any affiliate are satisfied. The Administrator
will have no obligation to issue a certificate for Stock in respect of the RSUs unless the obligations set forth in this Section 8 are
satisfied.

9. Section 409A; Tax Consequences

It is the Administrators and
the Companys intent that payments under this Agreement and Grant Notice shall be exempt from Section 409A of the Code (Section
409A) to the extent applicable, and that this Agreement be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or any employment agreement you have entered into with the Company, to the extent that any
payment or benefit under this Agreement is determined by the Administrator to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation
subject to Section 409A and is payable to you by reason of termination of your employment, then (a) such payment or benefit shall be made
or provided to you only upon a separation from service, as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations,
from the Company and (b) if you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Administrator),
such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided before the date that is six months after the date of your separation from service
from the Company (or your earlier death). Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment under Section 409A.
You hereby agree that the Administrator and the Company do not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation
programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Administrator, the Company, or any of
its officers, directors, employees or affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the RSUs or your other compensation.

6

10. Notices

Any notices provided for in the Agreement
or the Plan will be given in writing and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion,
decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and these RSUs by electronic means or to request your consent to
participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting these RSUs, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Administrator or another third party
designated by the Administrator.

11. Agreement Summaries

In the event that the Administrator
provides you (or anyone acting on your behalf) with summary or other information concerning, including or otherwise relating to your rights
or benefits under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the RSUs and any vesting thereof), such summary or other information
shall in all cases be qualified in its entirety by Exhibit 1, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan and, unless it explicitly
states otherwise and is signed by an officer of the Company, shall not constitute an amendment or other modification hereto.

12. Acknowledgements

You understand, acknowledge, agree and
hereby stipulate that: (a) you are executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone
else; (b) the RSUs are intended to be consideration in exchange for the promises and covenants set forth in this Agreement; (c) you have
carefully read, considered and understand all of the provisions of this Agreement and the Companys policies reflected in this Agreement,
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged; (d) you have asked any questions
needed for you to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and you fully understand them; (e) you were
provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney and/or a tax professional of your choice before accepting this award of RSUs
and (f) the obligations and restrictions set forth in this Agreement are fair and reasonable.

7

Attachment 2: 2024 Omnibus
Incentive Plan

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.37
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-37_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>TERMINATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 13, 2025, BETWEEN USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II) AND MICHAEL BLITZER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.37

Execution Version

TERMINATION AGREEMENT

This Termination Agreement,
dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Termination Agreement), by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker) and Michael Blitzer (the Payee and
together with the Maker, the Parties and each, a Party). Capitalized terms used,
but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Convertible Promissory Note (as defined
below).

WHEREAS, the Maker
issued a convertible promissory note to the Payee dated as of August 13, 2024 (the Convertible Promissory Note),
pursuant to which the Maker may borrow up to $2,500,000 from the Payee upon delivery of a written request of the Maker related to ongoing
expenses reasonably related to the business of the Maker and the consummation of a Business Combination, including the Business Combination
with USA Rare Earth, LLC (USARE);

WHEREAS, pursuant to
that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE and the Payee (the Class A SPA),
USARE has issued 122,549 Class A-2 convertible preferred units of USARE (excluding accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind interest) and a
Class A preferred investor warrant to purchase up to 31,250 Class A units of USARE in exchange for the Payees promise to forgive,
at the closing of the proposed Business Combination with USARE (the Closing), 50% of the then-outstanding
balance of the Convertible Promissory Note;

WHEREAS, such 122,549
Class A-2 convertible preferred units of USARE, including accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind interest) will be converted into approximately
131,048 shares of 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock of the Maker (such shares, the Blitzer Conversion
Preferred Shares); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
a securities purchase agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended on January 22, 2025, by and among the Maker, the Payee and USARE
(the Series A SPA), the Maker has agreed to issue at Closing, a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares in exchange for the Payees forgiveness of the other 50% of the then-outstanding
balance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

1. Forgiveness
and Termination. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Termination Agreement, the Convertible Promissory Note is hereby
terminated without further consideration other than the consideration noted below and all amounts owed by the Maker to the Payee thereunder
are hereby forgiven in exchange for the consideration provided by the Class A SPA and the Series A SPA with immediate effect upon the
Closing. From and after the Closing, the Convertible Promissory Note will be of no further force or effect, and all rights and obligations
of each of the Parties thereunder shall terminate.

2.Representations
and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party that:

(a) It
has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Termination Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder.

(b) The
execution of this Termination Agreement by the individual whose signature is set forth at the end of this Termination Agreement on behalf
of such Party, and the delivery of this Termination Agreement by such Party, have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of such Party.

(c) This
Termination Agreement has been executed and delivered by such Party and (assuming due authorization, execution, and delivery by the other
Parties hereto) constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with
its terms, except as may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws and equitable
principles related to or affecting creditors rights generally or the effect of general principles of equity.

(d) EXCEPT
FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 2 OF THIS TERMINATION AGREEMENT, (A) NO PARTY HERETO NOR ANY
PERSON ON SUCH PARTYS BEHALF HAS MADE OR MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE OR OTHERWISE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED,
AND (B) EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, IN ENTERING INTO THIS TERMINATION AGREEMENT, IT HAS NOT RELIED UPON ANY REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY MADE BY ANY OTHER PARTY, OR ANY OTHER PERSON ON SUCH OTHER PARTYS BEHALF, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION
2.

3. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Termination Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively
given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (i) personal delivery to the Party to be notified, (ii) when sent, if sent by electronic
mail or facsimile (if any) during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients
next Business Day, (iii) five (5) Business Days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, or (iv) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next Business
Day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications sent to the Maker shall be sent to: Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II, 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205, New York, New York 10016, Attn: Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, email: peter@inflectionpointacquisition.com,
with a copy to the Makers counsel at: White & Case LLP, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020, Attn: Joel Rubinstein,
Esq., email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com. All communications to the Payee shall be sent to the Payees address as set forth on
the signature page of this Termination Agreement, or to such e-mail address, facsimile number (if any) or address as subsequently modified
by written notice given in accordance with this Section 3(a). 

(b) Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the termination of the
Convertible Promissory Note.

(c) Entire
Agreement. This Termination Agreement, together with any documents, instruments and writings that are delivered pursuant hereto or
referenced herein, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes
all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the Parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in
any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d) Successors.
All of the terms, agreements, covenants, representations, warranties, and conditions of this Termination Agreement are binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the Parties hereto and their respective successors. Nothing in this Termination Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person other than the Parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Termination Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Termination
Agreement.

(e) Assignments.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no Party hereto may assign either this Termination Agreement or any of its rights, interests,
or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Parties.

(f) Counterparts.
This Termination Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument.

(g) Headings.
The section headings contained in this Termination Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Termination Agreement.

2

(h) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Termination Agreement shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof.

(i) Jurisdiction.
Each Party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Termination Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware.
Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including
with respect to the enforcement of the Termination Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper
or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Termination Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any Party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Termination Agreement, then, the prevailing Party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing Party
for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of
such action or proceeding.

(j) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS TERMINATION
AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(k) Amendments.
This Termination Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision except with the prior written consent
of the Parties.

(l) Severability.
The provisions of this Termination Agreement will be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision herein will
not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof; provided, that if any provision of this Termination Agreement,
as applied to any Party hereto or to any circumstance, is adjudged by a governmental authority, arbitrator, or mediator not to be enforceable
in accordance with its terms, the Parties hereto agree that the governmental authority, arbitrator, or mediator making such determination
will have the power to modify the provision in a manner consistent with its objectives such that it is enforceable, and/or to delete specific
words or phrases, and in its reduced form, such provision will then be enforceable and will be enforced.

(m) Expenses.
Each of the Parties will bear its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of this
Termination Agreement, including all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants.

(n) Construction.
The Parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Termination Agreement. If an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Termination Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties hereto and no presumption
or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any Party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Termination
Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local, or foreign law will be deemed also to refer to law as amended and all rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise. The words include, includes, and
including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter
genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice
versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Termination Agreement, herein, hereof,
hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Termination Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The Parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained
herein will have independent significance. If any Party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein
in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless
of the relative levels of specificity) which such Party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such Party
hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

(o) Waiver.
No waiver by any Party hereto of any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not,
may be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in
any way any rights arising because of any prior or subsequent occurrence.

[Signature Pages
Follow]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Termination Agreement
as of the date first written above.

PAYEE: 

/s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Address for Notices: 1680 Michigan Avenue, Suite 700, 

#1016, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

Floor New York NY 10022 USA 

Attn: Michael Blitzer, Chief Investment Officer 

E-mail: blitzer@kingstowncapital.com 

MAKER: 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: /s/ Peter Ondishin 

Name: Peter Ondishin 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Address for Notices: 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205

#1017

Floor New York NY 10016 USA

Attn: Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail: peter@inflectionpointacquisition.com 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

White & Case LLP

1221 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn.: Joel Rubinstein

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com 

[Signature Page to Termination Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.39
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-39_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.39

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT NOTICE

USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), pursuant to the USA Rare Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time
(the Plan), hereby grants to Participant the number of shares of Restricted Stock (Restricted Stock)
set forth below. This award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Restricted Stock Grant Notice (this Notice),
in the corresponding Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan, which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized
terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement will have the same definitions as in the
Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Notice, Exhibit 1 to this Notice, the corresponding
Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan, then such conflict or inconsistency shall be resolved by giving such documents precedence in
the following order: Exhibit 1, this Notice, the corresponding Restricted Stock Agreement, and then the Plan.

Participant [PARTICIPANT NAME] 

Date of Grant: [GRANT DATE] 

Number of Shares: [TOTAL SHARES] 

Type of Grant: Restricted Stock 

Vesting Schedule: This award shall vest pursuant to the schedule set forth in Exhibit 1, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein in its entirety.

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Notice, the corresponding Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that this Notice and the corresponding Restricted Stock Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Notice, the corresponding Restricted Stock Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding this award of Restricted Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of the following agreements only.

By accepting this award of Restricted Stock, Participant
consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established
and maintained by the Administrator or another third party designated by the Administrator.

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

By: [NAME] 

Title: 

Participant: 

Date: 

Attachments: Restricted Stock Agreement; 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan

2

Exhibit 1: Vesting Schedule

3

Attachment 1: Restricted Stock Agreement

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT

Pursuant to your Restricted Stock Grant Notice
(Grant Notice) and this Restricted Stock Agreement (this Agreement), USA Rare Earth, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company) has granted you the number of shares of Restricted Stock under the USA Rare Earth,
Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan) indicated in your Grant Notice. The Restricted Stock is granted to you
effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant). If there is any conflict between
the terms in the Grant Notice, Exhibit 1 to the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan, then such conflict shall be resolved by giving
such documents precedence in the following order: Exhibit 1, the Grant Notice, this Agreement, and then the Plan. Capitalized terms not
explicitly defined in this Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same meanings as in the Plan.

The details of the Restricted Stock, in addition
to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows:

1. Vesting; Delivery of Stock

The Restricted Stock will vest as provided
in your Grant Notice. The period over which the Restricted Stock vests is referred to as the Period of Restriction.
Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Employment with the Company and its subsidiaries, except as may be provided otherwise
in the Vesting Schedule in Exhibit 1 to your Grant Notice or in an employment or other written agreement between you and the Company.

During the Period of Restriction, the
Restricted Stock shall be evidenced by a book-entry in the Companys stock records in your name, which shall be subject to a stop
transfer order consistent with this Agreement. Subject to Section 9, as soon as practicable after the Period of Restriction lapses (provided
there has been no prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stock pursuant to the terms of this Agreement), the Company shall issue (or cause
to be delivered) the Restricted Stock to you, in book-entry or certificate form.

2. Number of Shares of Restricted Stock

The number of shares of Restricted Stock
is set forth in your Grant Notice and will be adjusted in the event of changes in capital structure and similar events as provided in
Section 7 of the Plan.

3. Shareholder Rights

Upon issuance of the Restricted Stock,
you shall have all of the rights of a shareholder with respect to such Stock, including the right to vote the Stock and to receive all
dividends or other distributions paid or made with respect thereto, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement; provided, however,
that dividends or distributions declared or paid on the Restricted Stock by the Company shall be deferred and reinvested in shares of
Restricted Stock based on the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date such dividend or distribution is paid or made (provided
that no fractional shares will be issued), and the additional shares of Restricted Stock thus acquired shall be subject to the same restrictions
on transfer, forfeiture and vesting schedule as the Restricted Stock in respect of which such dividends or distributions were made. If
you forfeit any rights you have under this Agreement, you shall, on the date of such forfeiture, no longer have any rights as a shareholder
with respect to the Restricted Stock and shall no longer be entitled to vote or receive dividends on such shares.

4

4. Section 83(b) Election 

If you properly elect
within thirty (30) days after the issuance of the Restricted Stock to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes in the year
of issuance the Fair Market Value of such shares of Restricted Stock, you shall pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to
the Company to pay to the Company upon such election, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to the Restricted
Stock. If you file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, you should immediately deliver a copy of such 83(b) election form to the
Company. You shall seek the advice of your own tax advisors as to the advisability of making such 83(b) election, the potential consequences
of making such an election, the requirements for making such an election, and the other tax consequences of the Restricted Stock award
under federal, state, and any other laws that may be applicable. You acknowledge that it is your sole responsibility, and not the Companys,
to file timely and properly the election under Section 83(b) of the Code and any corresponding provisions of state tax laws if you elect
to utilize such election.

5. Securities Law Compliance; Legend

(a) In no event shall the Company deliver shares of Stock upon vesting of the Restricted Stock unless such
shares are then registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and applicable state
securities law or, if not registered, the Administrator has determined that the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. The issuance of shares of Stock is also subject to compliance
with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your Restricted Stock, including the requirements of any stock exchange on which
the Stock may be listed, and you may not be issued shares of Stock if the Administrator determines that such issuance would not be in
material compliance with such laws, regulations and listing requirements.

(b) A legend may be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) delivered to you indicating restrictions
on transferability of the shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement or any other restrictions that the Administrator may deem
advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any applicable federal or state
securities laws or any stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are then listed or quoted.

5

6. Other Terms

(a) In considering the acceptance of this award of Restricted Stock you understand, acknowledge, agree and
hereby stipulate that you should use the same independent investment judgment that you would use in making other investments in corporate
securities. Among other things, stock prices will fluctuate over any reasonable period of time and the price of Stock may go down as well
as up. No guarantees are made as to the future prospects of the Company or the Stock. No representations are made by the Administrator
or the Company.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Stock issued under this Agreement and
all amounts that may be received by you in connection with any disposition of any such Stock shall be subject to applicable recoupment,
clawback and similar provisions under law, as well as any recoupment, clawback and similar policies of the
Company that may be adopted at any time and from time to time in accordance with Section 6(a)(5) of the Plan.

7. Transferability

The Restricted Stock is not assignable
or transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Restricted
Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of, or pledged or hypothecated in any manner (whether by operation
of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or other process. Any assignment, transfer, sale, pledge, hypothecation
or other disposition of the Restricted Stock or any attempt to make any such levy of execution, attachment or other process will cause
the Restricted Stock to terminate immediately.

8. Restricted Stock not a Service Contract

The Restricted Stock is not an employment
or service contract, and nothing in the Restricted Stock will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to
continue in the employ or service of the Company or an affiliate, or of the Company or an affiliate to continue your employment or service.
In addition, nothing in the Restricted Stock will obligate the Company or an affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors,
officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a member of the Companys Board or a consultant for the
Company or an affiliate.

9. Withholding Obligations

(a) At the time when the Restricted Stock vests, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested
by the Administrator, you hereby agree to make adequate provision for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign
tax withholding obligations of the Company or an affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with such vesting of the Restricted Stock.
The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may (but is not required to) hold back shares of Stock otherwise issuable on vesting of the
Restricted Stock or permit you to tender previously-owned shares of Stock in satisfaction of tax or other withholding requirements (but
not in excess of the maximum withholding amount consistent with the Restricted Stock being subject to equity accounting treatment under
the Accounting Rules). In addition, the Administrator may (but is not required to), to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax
and other withholding amounts from any payment of any kind otherwise due to you from the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company.

6

(b) The Administrator and the Company assume no responsibility for individual income taxes, penalties or interest
related to grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock. Neither the Administrator, the Company nor any affiliate makes any representation
or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock. You
should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the tax ramifications, if any, which result from receipt of the Restricted Stock,
the subsequent issuance, if any, of Stock on vesting of the Restricted Stock and the subsequent disposition of any such Stock. You
acknowledge that the Administrator or the Company may be required to withhold federal, state and/or local taxes in connection with the
vesting of the Restricted Stock. The Restricted Stock will not vest unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any
affiliate are satisfied. The Administrator will have no obligation to issue a certificate for Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock
unless the obligations set forth in this Section 9 are satisfied.

10. Section 409A; Tax Consequences

It is the Administrators and
the Companys intent that payments under this Agreement and Grant Notice shall be exempt from Section 409A of the Code (Section
409A) to the extent applicable, and that this Agreement be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or any employment agreement you have entered into with the Company, to the extent that any
payment or benefit under this Agreement is determined by the Administrator to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation
subject to Section 409A and is payable to you by reason of termination of your employment, then (a) such payment or benefit shall be made
or provided to you only upon a separation from service, as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations,
from the Company and (b) if you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Administrator),
such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided before the date that is six months after the date of your separation from service
from the Company (or your earlier death). Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment under Section 409A.
You hereby agree that the Administrator and the Company do not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation
programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Administrator, the Company, or any of
its officers, directors, employees or affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the Restricted Stock or your other compensation.

11. Notices

Any notices provided for in the Agreement
or the Plan will be given in writing and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion,
decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and the Restricted Stock by electronic means or to request your consent
to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this award of Restricted Stock, you consent to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Administrator
or another third party designated by the Administrator.

12. Agreement Summaries

In the event that the Administrator
provides you (or anyone acting on your behalf) with summary or other information concerning, including or otherwise relating to your rights
or benefits under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Restricted Stock and any vesting thereof), such summary or other
information shall in all cases be qualified in its entirety by Exhibit 1, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan and, unless it
explicitly states otherwise and is signed by an officer of the Company, shall not constitute an amendment or other modification hereto.

13. Acknowledgements

You understand, acknowledge, agree and
hereby stipulate that: (a) you are executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone
else; (b) the Restricted Stock is to be consideration in exchange for the promises and covenants set forth in this Agreement; (c) you
have carefully read, considered and understand all of the provisions of this Agreement and the Companys policies reflected in this
Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged; (d) you have asked
any questions needed for you to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and you fully understand them;
(e) you were provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney and/or a tax professional of your choice before accepting this
award of Restricted Stock and (f) the obligations and restrictions set forth in this Agreement are fair and reasonable.

7

Attachment 2: 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex10-40_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.40

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement
(Agreement), dated as of [DATE], is by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
and [NAME OF DIRECTOR/OFFICER] (the Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the Company expects
Indemnitee to join the Company as a member of the board of directors of the Company (the Board);

WHEREAS, both the Company and
Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of public companies;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined
that enhancing the ability of the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests
of the Company and that the Company therefore should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage is available;
and

WHEREAS, in recognition of
the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitees service
as a director of the Company and to enhance Indemnitees ability to serve the Company in an effective manner, and in order to provide
such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any amendment to
the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the Constituent Documents), any change
in the composition of the Board or any change in control or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes
to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of, and the advancement of Expenses (as defined in Section 1(g) below) to,
Indemnitee as set forth in this Agreement and for the coverage of Indemnitee under the Companys directors and officers
liability insurance policies.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the Indemnitees agreement to provide services to the Company, the parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Beneficial
Owner has the meaning given to the term beneficial owner in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act).

(b) Change
in Control means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) any
Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25% or more of the Companys
then outstanding Voting Securities unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person
results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors;

(ii) the
consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
all of the Beneficial Owners of the Voting Securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the entity resulting from such transaction;

(iii) during
any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning
of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new directors whose election by the Board or nomination for election
by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either
were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason
to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or

(iv) the
stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets.

(c) Claim
means any threatened, asserted, pending or completed

(i) action,
suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, investigative or other,
and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law; or

(ii) inquiry,
hearing or investigation that the Indemnitee determines might lead to the institution of any such action, suit, proceeding or alternative
dispute resolution mechanism.

(d) Delaware
Court shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(b) below.

(e) Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Claim in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

(f) ERISA
Losses means any taxes, penalties or other liabilities under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended,
or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(g) Expenses
means any and all expenses, including attorneys and experts fees, court costs, transcript costs, travel expenses, duplicating,
printing and binding costs, telephone charges, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending,
being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in, any Claim. Expenses
also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Claim, including without limitation the premium,
security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes
of Section 5 only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee
or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

2

(h) Expense
Advance means any payment of Expenses advanced to Indemnitee by the Company pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 hereof.

(i) Indemnifiable
Event means any event or occurrence, whether occurring before, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to the fact
that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary or predecessor of the Company, or is
or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of any other corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise (collectively with the Company, Enterprise)
or by reason of an action or inaction by Indemnitee in any such capacity (whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any Loss
is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement).

(j) Independent
Counsel means a law firm that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently performs, nor in the past
three years has performed, services for either: (i) the Company or Indemnitee (other than in connection with matters concerning Indemnitee
under this Agreement or of other indemnitees under similar agreements) or (ii) any other party to the Claim giving rise to a claim for
indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who,
under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company
or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(k) Losses
means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other), ERISA Losses,
amounts paid or payable in settlement of any Claim, including any interest, assessments and all other charges paid or payable in connection
with or in respect of any of the foregoing.

(l) Person
means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization,
governmental entity or other entity and includes the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act.

(m) Standard
of Conduct Determination shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(b) below.

(n) Voting
Securities means any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of directors.

3

2. Services
to the Company.1Indemnitee agrees to serve as
a director of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until Indemnitee resigns or is no longer serving
in such capacity. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise)
and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that their service to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise as a
director is for the duration and subject to the terms set forth in the Companys Constituent Documents or Delaware law.

OR

Indemnitee agrees to serve as an officer
of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly appointed or until Indemnitee resigns or is no longer serving in such capacity. This
Agreement shall not be deemed an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee
specifically acknowledges that their employment with or service to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise is at will and
the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written
employment agreement between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise), other applicable formal severance
policies duly adopted by the Board or, with respect to service as an officer of the Company, by the Companys Constituent Documents
or Delaware law.

3. Indemnification.
Subject to Section 9 and Section 10
of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware in effect
on the date hereof, or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the scope of such permitted indemnification,
against any and all Losses if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or
participant in, any Claim by reason of or arising in part out of an Indemnifiable Event, including, without limitation, Claims brought
by or in the right of the Company, Claims brought by third parties, and Claims in which the Indemnitee is solely a witness. In the event
the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever (other than a determination
pursuant to this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification by the Company with respect to such Claim or Loss), the
Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, will contribute to the payment of any and all Losses, in such proportion as is fair and reasonable
in light of all of the circumstances in order to reflect (a) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result
of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Claim or Loss or (b) the relative fault of the Company (and its other directors,
officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s).

4. Advancement
of Expenses. Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company, prior to the final disposition of any Claim by
final adjudication to which there are no further rights of appeal, of any and all Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with any Claim arising out of an Indemnifiable Event. Indemnitees right to such advancement is not subject
to the satisfaction of any standard of conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within five business days
after any request by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request, (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b)
advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. In connection
with any request for Expense Advances, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that
the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. In connection with any request for Expense Advances,
Indemnitee shall execute and deliver to the Company an undertaking (which shall be accepted without reference to Indemnitees ability
to repay the Expense Advances) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to repay any amounts paid, advanced, or
reimbursed by the Company for such Expenses to the extent that it is ultimately determined, following the final disposition of such Claim,
that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. Indemnitees obligation to reimburse the Company for Expense Advances
shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon.

1 NTD language here dependent on role of indemnitee.

4

5. Indemnification
for Expenses in Enforcing Rights. To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the Company shall also indemnify against,
and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall advance to Indemnitee subject to and in accordance with Section 4, any Expenses actually
and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action or proceeding by Indemnitee for (a) indemnification or reimbursement
or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under any other agreement or provision of the
Constituent Documents now or hereafter in effect relating to Claims relating to Indemnifiable Events, and/or (b) recovery under any directors
and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company. However, in the event that Indemnitee is ultimately determined
not to be entitled to such indemnification or insurance recovery, as the case may be, then all amounts advanced under this Section
5 shall be repaid. Indemnitee shall be required to reimburse the Company in the event that a final judicial determination is made
that such action brought by Indemnitee was frivolous or not made in good faith.

6. Partial
Indemnity. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion
of any Losses in respect of a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event but not for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless
indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled and to all Expenses incurred in connection with defending
such Claim.

7. Notification
and Defense of Claims.

(a) Notification
of Claims. Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim which could relate to an Indemnifiable
Event or for which Indemnitee could seek Expense Advances, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee)
of the nature of, and the facts underlying, such Claim. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company hereunder shall not relieve
the Company from any liability hereunder except that the Company shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with
respect to any judicial award in a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event if the Company was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity
to participate at its expense in the defense of such action. If at the time of the receipt of such notice, the Company has directors
and officers liability insurance in effect under which coverage for Claims related to Indemnifiable Events is potentially available,
the Company shall give prompt written notice to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable
policies. The Company shall provide to Indemnitee a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable insurers, and copies of all subsequent
correspondence between the Company and such insurers regarding the Claim, in each case substantially concurrently with the delivery or
receipt thereof by the Company.

5

(b) Defense
of Claims. The Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event at its own
expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any such Claim, the Company
shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently directly incurred by Indemnitee in connection
with Indemnitees defense of such Claim other than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below. Indemnitee
shall have the right to employ its own legal counsel in such Claim, but all Expenses related to such counsel incurred after notice from
the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be at Indemnitees own expense; provided, however, that if (i)
Indemnitees employment of its own legal counsel has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably determined that
there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the Company in the defense of such Claim, (iii) after a Change in Control,
Indemnitees employment of its own counsel has been approved by the Independent Counsel or (iv) the Company shall not in fact have
employed counsel to assume the defense of such Claim, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain its own separate counsel (but not more
than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any such Claim) and all Expenses related to such separate counsel shall
be borne by the Company; provided further, that in all such events, Indemnitee and its counsel will not unreasonably interfere
with the conduct of the defense by the Company or any Claim for which the Company has assumed the defense pursuant to this Section
7.

8. Procedure
upon Application for Indemnification. In order to obtain indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit
to the Company a written request therefor, including in such request such documentation and information as is reasonably available to
Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the
final disposition of the Claim, provided that documentation and information need not be so provided to the extent that the provision thereof
would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. Indemnification shall be made insofar as the Company determines Indemnitee
is entitled to indemnification in accordance with Section 9 below.

6

9. Determination
of Right to Indemnification.

(a) Mandatory
Indemnification; Indemnification as a Witness.

(i) To
the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable
Event or any portion thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including without limitation dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee
shall be indemnified against all Losses relating to such Claim in accordance with Section 3 to the fullest extent allowable by
law and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 9(b)) will be required.

(ii) To
the extent that Indemnitees involvement in a Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event is to prepare to serve and serve as a witness,
and not as a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses incurred in connection therewith to the fullest extent allowable
by law and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 9(b)) will be required.

(b) Standard
of Conduct. To the extent that the provisions of Section 9(a) are inapplicable to a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event
that shall have been finally disposed of, any determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under
Delaware law that is a legally required condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against Losses relating to such Claim and
any determination that Expense Advances must be repaid to the Company (a Standard of Conduct Determination) shall
be made as follows:

(i) if
no Change in Control has occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board, (B)
by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum
or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors or if Indemnitee so requests, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed
to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; and

(ii) if
a Change in Control shall have occurred, (A) if the Indemnitee so requests in writing, by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
even if less than a quorum of the Board or (B) otherwise, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of
which shall be delivered to Indemnitee.

The Company shall
indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee,
within five business days of such request, any and all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in cooperating with the person or persons making
such Standard of Conduct Determination.

(c) Making
the Standard of Conduct Determination. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any Standard of Conduct Determination
required under Section 9(b) to be made as promptly as practicable. If the person or persons designated to make the Standard of
Conduct Determination under Section 9(b) has not made a determination within 30 days after the later of (A) receipt by the Company
of a written request from Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 8 (the date of such receipt being the Notification
Date) and (B) the selection of an Independent Counsel, if such determination is to be made by Independent Counsel, then Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable standard of conduct; provided that such 30 days may be extended for a reasonable time,
not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person or persons making such determination in good faith requires such additional time to
obtain or evaluate information relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement
of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of any Claim.

7

(d) Payment
of Indemnification. If, in regard to any Losses:

(i) Indemnitee
shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 9(a);

(ii) no
Standard Conduct Determination is legally required as a condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder; or

(iii) Indemnitee
has been determined or deemed pursuant to Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) to have satisfied the Standard of Conduct Determination,

then the Company
shall pay to Indemnitee, within five business days after the later of (A) the Notification Date or (B) the earliest date on which the
applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) is satisfied, an amount equal to such Losses.

(e) Selection
of Independent Counsel for Standard of Conduct Determination. If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent
Counsel pursuant to Section 9(b)(i) or Section 9(b)(ii), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, and Indemnitee
shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Company may, within 30
days after receiving written notice of selection from the Indemnitee, deliver to the Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not satisfy the
criteria set forth in the definition of Independent Counsel in Section 1(j), and the objection shall set forth with
particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person or firm so selected shall act as Independent
Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated, (i) the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve
as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit; and
(ii) Indemnitee may, at its option, select an alternative Independent Counsel and give written notice to the Company advising the Company
of the identity of the alternative Independent Counsel so selected, in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences,
the introductory clause of this sentence and numbered clause (i) of this sentence shall apply to such subsequent selection and notice.
If applicable, the provisions of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to successive alternative selections. If
no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(e) to make the Standard of Conduct Determination
shall have been selected within 30 days Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to this Section 9(e), Indemnitee may petition
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (Delaware Court) to resolve any objection which shall have been made
by the Company to Indemnitees selection of Independent Counsel and/or to appoint as Independent Counsel a person to be selected
by the Court or such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved
or the person or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all events, the Company shall pay all of the reasonable fees and
expenses of the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with the Independent Counsels determination pursuant to Section 9(b).

8

(f) Presumptions
and Defenses.

(i) Indemnitees
Entitlement to Indemnification. In making any Standard of Conduct Determination, the person or persons making such determination shall
presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct and is entitled to indemnification, and the Company shall have
the burden of proof to overcome that presumption and establish that Indemnitee is not so entitled. Any Standard of Conduct Determination
that is adverse to Indemnitee may be challenged by the Indemnitee in the Delaware Court. No determination by the Company (including by
its directors or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied any applicable standard of conduct may be used as a defense
to any legal proceedings brought by Indemnitee to secure indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company
hereunder or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct.

(ii) Reliance
as a Safe Harbor. For purposes of this Agreement, and without creating any presumption as to a lack of good faith if the following
circumstances do not exist, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company if Indemnitees actions or omissions to act are taken in good faith reliance
upon the records of the Company, including its financial statements, or upon information, opinions, reports or statements furnished to
Indemnitee by the officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the course of their duties, or by committees of the
Board or by any other Person (including legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors) as to matters Indemnitee reasonably believes
are within such other Persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf
of the Company. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failures to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company
shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnity hereunder.

(iii) No
Other Presumptions. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without
court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee did
not meet any applicable standard of conduct or have any particular belief, or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted.

(iv) Defense
to Indemnification and Burden of Proof. It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to enforce this
Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for Losses incurred in defending against a Claim related to an Indemnifiable
Event in advance of its final disposition) that it is not permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for
the amount claimed. In connection with any such action or any related Standard of Conduct Determination, the burden of proving such a
defense or that the Indemnitee did not satisfy the applicable standard of conduct shall be on the Company.

9

10. Exclusions
from Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to:

(a) indemnify
or advance funds to Indemnitee for Expenses or Losses with respect to proceedings initiated by Indemnitee, including any proceedings against
the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees and not by way of defense, except:

(i) proceedings
referenced in Section 5 above (unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions made by
Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous); or

(ii) where
the Company has joined in or the Board has consented to the initiation of such proceedings.

(b) indemnify
Indemnitee if a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such indemnification is prohibited by applicable law.

(c) indemnify
Indemnitee for the disgorgement of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company in violation of
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or any similar successor statute.

(d) indemnify
or advance funds to Indemnitee for Indemnitees reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based
compensation previously received by Indemnitee or payment of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company,
as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase or sale
by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act).

11. Settlement
of Claims. The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened
or pending Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld. The Company shall not settle any Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in any manner (i) that would impose any Losses on the
Indemnitee without the Indemnitees prior written consent, unless such Losses are fully indemnified by the Company; or (ii) that
includes equitable remedies or does not include a complete and unconditional release of Indemnitee for all liability related to the relevant
Claims.

12. Duration.
All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period that Indemnitee is a director or officer
of the Company (or is serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of another Enterprise)
and shall continue thereafter (i) so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any possible Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event (including
any rights of appeal thereto) and (ii) throughout the pendency of any proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) commenced by
Indemnitee to enforce or interpret his or her rights under this Agreement, even if, in either case, he or she may have ceased to serve
in such capacity at the time of any such Claim or proceeding.

10

13. Non-Exclusivity.
The rights of Indemnitee hereunder will be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent Documents, the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, any other contract or otherwise (collectively, Other Indemnity Provisions);
provided, however, that (a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any greater right to indemnification under
any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder and (b) to the extent that any change is
made to any Other Indemnity Provision which permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided under this Agreement as of
the date hereof, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder.

14. Liability
Insurance. For the duration of Indemnitees service as a director of the Company, and thereafter for so long as Indemnitee
shall be subject to any pending Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking
into account the scope and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to continue to maintain in effect policies of directors
and officers liability insurance providing coverage that is at least substantially comparable in scope and amount to that provided
by the Companys current policies of directors and officers liability insurance. In all policies of directors
and officers liability insurance maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide
Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are provided to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors, if Indemnitee
is a director, or of the Companys officers, if Indemnitee is an officer (and not a director) by such policy. Upon request, the
Company will provide to Indemnitee copies of all directors and officers liability insurance applications, binders, policies,
declarations, endorsements and other related materials.

15. No
Duplication of Payments. The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect
of any Losses to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise received payment under any insurance policy, the Constituent Documents, Other Indemnity
Provisions or otherwise (including any other indemnification agreement or commitment with any other Person) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable
by the Company hereunder.

16. Subrogation.
In the event of payment to Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the
rights of recovery of Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure
such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

17. Amendments.
No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom
enforcement of the waiver is sought, and no such waiver shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar),
nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising
any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof.

11

18. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their
respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially
all of the business and/or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require
and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial
part of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substances satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to
assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if
no such succession had taken place.

19. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any portion thereof) are
held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions shall
remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally
contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

20. Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered
by hand, against receipt, or mailed, by postage prepaid, certified or registered mail:

(a) if
to Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

(b) if
to the Company, to: USA Rare Earth, LLC

Attn: Chief Legal Officer

100 W Airport Road,

Stillwater, Oklahoma 74075

Notice of change of address
shall be effective only when given in accordance with this Section. All notices complying with this Section shall be deemed to have been
received on the date of hand delivery or on the third business day after mailing.

21. Governing
Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. The Company
and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States, (b) consent to
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement and (c) waive, and agree not to plead or make, any claim that the Delaware Court lacks venue or that any such action or
proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.

22. Headings.
The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction or interpretation thereof.

23. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

[signature page follows]

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written.

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: 

Name: [NAME]

Title: [TITLE]

INDEMNITEE

Name:

[NAME OF DIRECTOR/OFFICER]

Address: [ADDRESS] 

13

[EXHIBIT A]

[FORM OF] UNDERTAKING TO REPAY ADVANCEMENT OF
EXPENSES

[DATE]

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

100 W Airport Road,

Stillwater, Oklahoma 74075

ATTN: Chief Legal Officer

Re: Undertaking to Repay Advancement of Expenses.

Dear [NAME]:

This undertaking is being provided
pursuant to that certain Indemnification Agreement, dated [DATE], by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and the undersigned as Indemnitee (the Indemnification Agreement). Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indemnification Agreement. Pursuant to the Indemnification Agreement, among other things, I
am entitled to the advancement of Expenses paid or incurred in connection with Claims relating to Indemnifiable Events.

I have become subject to [DESCRIPTION
OF PROCEEDING] (the Proceeding) based on [my status as [an officer/[TITLE OF OFFICER]/a director] of the Company/alleged
actions or failures to act in my capacity as [an officer/[TITLE OF OFFICER]/a director] of the Company]. [This undertaking also constitutes
notice to the Company of the Proceeding [pursuant to Section 7 of the Indemnification Agreement]. The following is a brief description
of the [current status of the] Proceeding:

[DESCRIPTION OF PROCEEDING]

[Pursuant to Section 4 of the
Indemnification Agreement, the Company can (a) pay such Expenses on my behalf, (b) advance funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses,
or (c) reimburse me for such Expenses. Pursuant to Section 4 of the Indemnification Agreement, I hereby request an Expense Advance in
connection with the Proceeding. The Expenses for which advances are requested are as follows:]

[DESCRIPTION OF EXPENSES]

[In connection with the request
for Expense Advances [set out above/delivered to the Company separately on [DATE]],] I hereby undertake to repay any amounts paid, advanced
or reimbursed by the Company for such Expense Advances to the extent that it is ultimately determined that I am not entitled to indemnification
under the Indemnification Agreement].

This undertaking shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

Very truly yours,

Name:

[Title:]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex21-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF USA RARE EARTH, INC.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of formation

USA Rare Earth, LLC Delaware

USA Rare Earth Magnets, LLC Delaware

Round Top Mountain Development, LLC Delaware

USA Rare Earth Technologies, LLC Delaware

USA Rare Earth Services, LLC Florida

USA Rare Earth Management Co, LLC Florida

USA Rare Earth Real Estate, LLC Oklahoma
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex99-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II), AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Index to Financial Statements Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 1195) F-2

Balance Sheets F-3

Statements of Operations F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5

Statements of Cash Flows F-6

Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-26

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and
2023, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024
and for period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the
period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

Substantial Doubt about the Companys
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and the Companys cash and working capital
are not sufficient to complete its planned activities one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements evaluation of the events and conditions
and managements plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that
matter.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entitys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ UHY LLP

We have served as the Companys auditor
since 2023.

New York, New York

March 13, 2025

F-2

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

2024 December 31,

2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash $ 2,101 $ 275,665 

Prepaid expenses 14,955 18,390 

Prepaid insurance 43,440 205,604 

Total Current Assets 60,496 499,659 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 24,075,435 258,971,518 

TOTAL ASSETS $ 24,135,931 $ 259,471,177 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 2,742,444 $ 234,985 

Accrued offering costs 75,000 

Convertible promissory note - related party 1,200,000 

Total Current Liabilities 3,942,444 309,985 

Forward Purchase Agreements 49,275 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 13,100,000 13,100,000 

Total Liabilities 17,091,719 13,409,985 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 2,205,349 and 25,000,000 issued and outstanding shares at redemption value of $10.92 per share and $10.36 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 24,075,435 258,971,518 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 6,200,000 and none issued and outstanding (excluding 2,205,349 and 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 620 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 50,000 and 6,250,000 shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 5 625 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (17,031,848 ) (12,910,951 )

Total Stockholders Deficit (17,031,223 ) (12,910,326 )

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit $ 24,135,931 $ 259,471,177 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-3

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

December 31,

2024 For period 

from March 6,

2023

(Inception)

through 

December 31,

2023 

Formation and operational costs $ 4,077,377 $ 985,212 

Loss from operations (4,077,377 ) (985,212 )

Other income: 

Loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements (484,843 ) 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements 435,568 

Interest income from bank 5,755 11,763 

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 12,019,932 7,721,518 

Total other income, net 11,976,412 7,733,281 

Net income $ 7,899,035 $ 6,748,069 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable shares 22,321,940 17,916,667 

Basic and diluted net income per share $ 0.39 $ 0.70 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable shares 6,250,000 6,271,250 

Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.14 ) $ (0.93 )

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-4

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS
DEFICIT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2024 AND

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023
(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023

Class A

Ordinary Shares Class B

Ordinary shares Additional

Paid-In Accumulated Shareholders

Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of March 6, 2023 (Inception) $ $ $ $ $ 

Issuance of ordinary shares 6,325,000 633 24,367 25,000 

Sale of Class A ordinary shares and over-allotment 25,000,000 2,500 249,997,500 250,000,000 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (25,000,000 ) (2,500 ) (247,910,000 ) (247,912,500 )

Underwriters compensation (17,500,000 ) (17,500,000 )

Offering costs (861,877 ) (861,877 )

Sale of 7,650,000 private placement warrants 7,650,000 7,650,000 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 18,183,179 18,183,179 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares (75,000 ) (8 ) 8 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value (9,583,177 ) (19,659,020 ) (29,242,197 )

Net income 6,748,069 6,748,069 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ 6,250,000 $ 625 $ $ (12,910,951 ) $ (12,910,326 )

Conversion of Class B shares to Class A shares 6,200,000 620 (6,200,000 ) (620 ) 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value (12,019,932 ) (12,019,932 )

Net income 7,899,035 7,899,035 

Balance as of December 31, 2024 6,200,000 $ 620 50,000 $ 5 $ $ (17,031,848 ) $ (17,031,223 )

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-5

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For Year Ended

December 31,

For the 

Period from 

March 6, 2023 

(inception) 

through 

December 31,

2024 2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income $ 7,899,035 $ 6,748,069 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 5,845 

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account (12,019,932 ) (7,721,518 )

Loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements 484,843 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements (435,568 ) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 3,435 (9,783 )

Prepaid insurance 162,164 (205,604 )

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,507,459 234,985 

Net cash used in operating activities (1,398,564 ) (948,006 )

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account (251,250,000 )

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 246,916,015 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 246,916,015 (251,250,000 )

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 245,600,000 

Proceeds from sale of private placements warrants 7,650,000 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 1,200,000 

Repayment of promissory note related party (179,665 )

Refund of offering costs included in accrued offering costs 75,000 

Payment of offering costs (75,000 ) (671,664 )

Redemption of ordinary shares (246,916,015 ) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (245,791,015 ) 252,473,671 

Net Change in Cash (273,564 ) 275,665 

Cash Beginning of period 275,665 

Cash End of period $ 2,101 $ 275,665 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares $ $ 11,000 

Prepaid services contributed by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares $ $ 8,155 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note related party $ $ 179,213 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value $ 12,019,932 $ 29,242,197 

Deferred underwriting fee payable $ $ 13,100,000 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares $ $ 8 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares $ $ 5,845 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-6

Note 1 Organization and Business Operations

Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
corporation on March 6, 2023. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination).

On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into a
Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms,
the USARE Business Combination Agreement), by and among the Company, USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(USARE) and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
(Merger Sub).

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024 relates to the Companys
formation and the initial public offering (the IPO), which is described below, and subsequent to the IPO, pursuing Business
Combination opportunities. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents and dividend income
on marketable securities held in Trust Account. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year end.

The Companys sponsor is Inflection Point
Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor).

On March 8, 2023, the Company issued 5,750,000
Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization
of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000 Class B ordinary shares (such Class B ordinary shares, together with the Class
A ordinary shares issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares pursuant to the Companys amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, the Founder Shares). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 825,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option was not exercised by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option
on May 30, 2023, 75,000 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,250,000 Founder Shares. The remaining Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The registration statement for the Companys
IPO was declared effective on May 24, 2023. On May 30, 2023, the Company consummated the IPO of 25,000,000 units (the Units),
which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of $250,000,000, which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the Public
Shares) and one half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants) of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the
IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 7,650,000 private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants) to the Sponsor
and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO (CF&CO), at a price of $1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant, or $7,650,000 in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. Of those 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants,
the Sponsor purchased 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants and CF&CO purchased 1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Companys management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all
of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions).

Transaction costs amounted to $18,361,877 consisting
of $4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $861,877 of other offering costs.

The Companys Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. 

F-7

Following the closing of the IPO, on May
30, 2023, an amount of $251,250,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sales of the Private
Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account) and will be held as cash or invested only in U.S.
government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants placed into the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of
(i) the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of
the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of
the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, by such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors
may approve or by such later liquidation date approved by the Companys shareholders pursuant to an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Completion Window), subject to applicable law, or (iii)
the redemption of the Companys Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys Public Shares if the Company
has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys
public shareholders.

The Company will provide the Companys public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their Public Shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations. The
amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $10.05 per Public Share (without taking into account interest earned or taxes
payable).

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were
recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity.

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the Public Shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law.

On November 18, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary
general meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting). At the Extraordinary General
Meeting, the Companys shareholders approved to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
to extend the date by which the Company must complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses from November 30, 2024 to August 21, 2025 (the Extension
Amendment).

The Sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect
to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption
in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable
to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares
and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder
Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any Founder Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated
transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination (subject to applicable law).

F-8

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company (except for the
Companys independent auditors), or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement (except for the Companys independent auditors), reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.05 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

USARE Business Combination

On August 21, 2024 (the Signing Date)
the Company entered into the USARE Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, USARE and Merger Sub, pursuant to which, among
other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into USARE (the Merger),
with USARE continuing as the surviving company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement are referred to herein as the USARE Business Combination. The combined companys business will
continue to operate through USARE and its subsidiaries. In connection with the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the Closing),
the Company will change its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc. (such company after the closing of the Business Combination, New
USARE).

The Domestication

The Company will, subject to obtaining the required
shareholder approvals and at least one day prior to the date of the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the Closing
and the date of the Closing, the Closing Date), change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands
exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication).
At least one day prior to the Domestication, the Company will provide its public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
on the terms and conditions set forth in the USARE Business Combination Agreement and the Companys governing documents (the Redemption).

By virtue of the Domestication and subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, including approval of the Companys shareholders:
(i) immediately prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below) each of the then issued and outstanding
Class B ordinary shares of the Company will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share, par value
of $0.0001 per share, of the Company (each a Class A Ordinary Share) (the Sponsor Share Conversion); and (ii)
in connection with the Domestication, (x) each then issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Share (that was not redeemed pursuant to the
Redemption) shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the
Company (after the Domestication) (the New USARE Common Stock); (y) each of the then issued and outstanding warrants representing
the right to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share shall convert automatically into a warrant to acquire one (1) share of New USARE Common
Stock (each a New USARE Warrant); and (z) each of the then issued and outstanding units of the Company will be cancelled
and each holder thereof will be entitled to one share of New USARE Common Stock and one-half (1/2) of one New USARE Warrant.

The Merger and Consideration

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
(i) each warrant to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units)
or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units) shall automatically
be exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued and outstanding
USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit (including each
USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise described in
the preceding clause (i)) shall automatically convert into such number of Class B units of USARE (the USARE Class B Units)
into which such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable, is convertible
in connection with the Merger pursuant to USAREs Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the USARE OA).

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time:

(i) each unit of USARE that is owned by the Company, Merger Sub or USARE (in treasury or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an Excluded Unit) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefore;

(ii) each incentive unit (the USARE Incentive Units) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit is continuously employed by or providing services to USARE from the Signing Date through the Effective Time, be automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, be automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one Class A unit of USARE (the USARE Class A Units) in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

F-9

(iii) each warrant to purchase units of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) (the USARE Warrants) that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically be exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

(iv) each USARE Class A Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Base Consideration) and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration);

(v) each USARE Class B Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration;

(vi) each Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units) and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below); and

(vii) each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below).

Pursuant to the USARE Business Combination Agreement,
the aggregate consideration to be paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding equity securities of USARE
(excluding the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) will be
(A) (i) the number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) (i) the $800,000,000 minus (ii) the aggregate indebtedness
of USARE and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject to certain exceptions) divided
by (b) the amount equal to the price at which each Public Share may be redeemed pursuant to the Redemption in connection with the Domestication
(collectively, the Aggregate Base Consideration) plus (B) subject to the vesting and forfeiture effects of the Earn-out
Exchange Ratio described below, up to 10,000,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock (the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration).
The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration is subject to certain customary adjustments as described in the USARE Business Combination Agreement.
The Exchange Ratio shall be equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Base Consideration divided by the sum (without duplication)
of the aggregate number of (i) USARE Class A Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE
Class B Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion
of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A
Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE Warrants (calculated using the treasury
method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise,
exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless
exercise basis) (such sum, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital).

The Earn-out Exchange Ratio shall
be equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration divided by (B) the USARE Fully Diluted Capital. 50% of the Aggregate
Earn-out Consideration shall vest and be issued if, during the five year period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date
(the Earnout Period) the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national securities
exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $15.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive
Trading Days (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). The remaining 50% of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest
and be issued if, during the Earnout Period, the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national
securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $20.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty
consecutive trading days. The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration may also vest upon a Change of Control (as defined in the USARE Business
Combination Agreement) pursuant to which New USARE or its shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied value per
share of New USARE Common Stock is equal to or above such price targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon the implied
per share value reaching the thresholds discussed above).

In connection with the Closing:

i. USARE and New USARE will enter into a Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of USARE, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the managing member of USARE; and

ii. The Company will file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation) which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below).

Series A Preferred Stock Investment

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the USARE Business Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, the Company, USARE and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, an accredited investor
that is an affiliate of the Company and the Sponsor (the Series A Preferred Stock Investor) entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Series A SPA). Pursuant to the Series A SPA, the Series A Preferred Stock Investor has agreed, among other
things, to purchase, at Closing, shares of New USAREs 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (such stock
the Series A Preferred Stock) and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the amount
of shares into which such shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are initially convertible (a Series
A Preferred Investor Warrant), for an aggregate purchase price of $9,117,648 (the Series A Preferred Stock Investment).
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will have a stated value of $12.00 (the Stated Value).

F-10

In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer (the Companys Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, $1,250,000 in Stated Value of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange
for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13,
2024 (the Note). This Securities Purchase Agreement is in substantially the form of the Series A SPA, subject to appropriate
changes to reflect that (i) the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer is his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the
Note and (ii) Mr. Blitzer will not receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant.

Sponsor Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, the Company and USARE entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor has agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve the USARE Business Combination Agreement
and the other documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit 60,000 New USARE Warrants for
every $1,000,000 by which (x) the gross proceeds at the closing of the USARE Business Combination from the Trust Account (after giving
effect to the Redemption plus (y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the UASRE Business Combination
Agreement), the Series A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the USARE Business Combination Agreement) are
below $50,000,000, up to a maximum of 1,500,000 New USARE Warrants forfeited.

Member Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Company, entered into a member support agreement (the Member Support Agreement) with USARE and
certain members of USARE (the Supporting USARE Members) pursuant to which each such Supporting USARE Members have agreed
to, among other things, support and vote in favor of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated therein
(including the Merger).

Fee Reduction Agreement

Pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement
between the Company and CF&CO, as representative of the several underwriters (CF&CO), dated May 24, 2023 (as it
may be amended from time to time, the Underwriting Agreement), the Company previously agreed to pay to CF&CO an aggregate
cash amount of $13,100,000 as deferred underwriting commissions (the Original Deferred Fee) upon the consummation
of an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of the Company, filed with the SEC (File No. 333- 271128),
and dated May 24, 2024. Solely in connection with the USARE Business Combination, the Company, CF&CO and USARE have entered into that
certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the Fee Reduction Agreement), pursuant to which, upon consummation
of the USARE Business Combination, CF&CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at the Companys option)
(A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus (2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of
the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement) exceeds $50,000,000. Additionally, solely if
the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO will forfeit 1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants (as defined by
the Fee Reduction Agreement).

Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement

On November 12, 2024, the Company and USARE entered
into that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the BCA Amendment). The BCA Amendment:

(i) amends Section 2.02(b) and Section 2.03(b)(iii) to provide that
in connection with the Business Combination, each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant shall be cancelled and converted into the
right to receive a Domesticated Purchaser Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) exercisable
for a number of shares of common stock of New USARE equal to the aggregate number of Class A units of USARE that would be issued upon
full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant; and

(ii) amends Article X to define the term Expiration Time
with respect to the Member Support Agreement (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) to mean the earlier of the closing of
the Business Combination or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement.

Extensions of the Combination Period

On November 18, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary
general meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting). At the Extraordinary General
Meeting, the Companys shareholders approved a proposal to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association to extend the date by which the Company must complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses from November 30, 2024 to August 21, 2025
(the Extension Amendment).

In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting,
shareholders holding an aggregate of 22,794,651 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their Public Shares for approximately $10.83
per share of the funds held in the Companys trust account.

F-11

Going Concern Consideration

As of December 31, 2024, the Company
had $2,101 of cash and working capital deficit of $3,881,948. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Companys cash and working capital are not sufficient to complete its planned activities
one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. In addition, the Company has until August 21, 2025 to consummate a Business
Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time or that the Company will
obtain shareholder approval to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination and implement such extension.
If a Business Combination is not consummated by the Business Combination deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation of the Trust
Account. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to
address this uncertainty through a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Companys plans to raise capital or to consummate
a Business Combination will be successful within the Completion Window. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act),
and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.

F-12

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in
conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has $2,101 and $275,665 in cash
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, all of
the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds which are invested only in U.S. government securities. Investments
in money market funds are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Dividend income earned from
investments in these securities are included in the accompanying statements of operations

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally
of professional and registration fees, cash underwriting discount, and deferred underwriting fees incurred through the balance sheet date
that are related to the IPO. Offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO based on relative
fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged against the carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption upon the completion of the IPO and offering costs allocated to Public
Warrants (as defined in Note 3) were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the IPO.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheets, primarily due to its short-term nature.

Forward Purchase Agreements

The Company does not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including
issued warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to
ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and HedgingContracts in Entitys
Own Equity (ASC 815-40). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.

The Forward Purchase Option in the Non-Redemption
Agreements of the Company meets the definition of an obligation to repurchase shares by transferring assets arrangement under ASC 480-10,
therefore, the Forward Purchase Option is required to be classified as a liability at fair value. Subsequently, changes in fair value
are reported in earnings in statements of operations.

Class A Redeemable Share Classification

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company
classifies Public Shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control
of the Company. The Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Warrants)
and as such, the initial carrying value of Public Shares classified as temporary equity are the allocated proceeds determined in accordance
with ASC 470-20. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as it occurs and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in
charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 2,205,349 and 25,000,000
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of
the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting
held on November 18, 2024, shareholders holding an aggregate of 22,794,651 Class A ordinary shares of the Company exercised their
right to redeem their Public Shares for approximately $10.83 per share of the funds held in the Companys trust account.

F-13

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Class
A ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 250,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (2,087,500 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost (18,183,179 )

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 29,242,197 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 $ 258,971,518 

Less: 

Redemption (246,916,015 )

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 12,019,932 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2024 $ 24,075,435 

Income Taxes

The Company follows the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax
rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The
effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment
date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC
740. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than
not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys
major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The Companys management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months.

The Company is considered to be an exempted
Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax
filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States.

Net Income per Ordinary Share

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class
A ordinary shares is excluded from income per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

The calculation of diluted income per ordinary
share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO, and (ii) the private placement since the exercise
of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 20,150,000 Class A ordinary
shares in the aggregate. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income
per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

F-14

The following table reflects the calculation
of basic and diluted net income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts):

For the 

Year

Ended

December 31, For The

Period

from

March 6,

2023

(Inception)

Through

December 31 

2024 2023 

Net Income $ 7,899,035 $ 6,748,069 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value (21,520,679 )

Dividend income from Trust Account (12,019,932 ) (7,721,518 )

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value $ (4,120,897 ) $ (22,494,128 )

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2024 For The Period from

March 6, 2023

(Inception) Through

December 31, 2023 

Redeemable

shares Non-redeemable

shares Redeemable

shares Non-redeemable

shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net loss $ (3,219,467 ) $ (901,430 ) $ (16,662,030 ) $ (5,832,098 )

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 21,520,679 

Net income including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 12,019,932 7,721,518 

Net income (loss) 8,800,465 (901,430 ) 12,580,167 (5,832,098 )

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 22,321,940 6,250,000 17,916,667 6,271,250 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share $ 0.39 $ (0.14 ) $ 0.70 $ (0.93 )

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment
Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures,
on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker
(CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss.
The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the
reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities
will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single
reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures
in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statements.

Risks and Uncertainties

United States and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)
deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain
countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and
to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas
conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom,
the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting
impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could
lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain
interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global
economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned factors,
or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion
of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys
search for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial business
combination. 

F-15

Note 3 Initial Public
Offering

Pursuant to the IPO on May 30, 2023, the Company
sold 25,000,000 Units, which includes a partial exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000
Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-half of one redeemable Public
Warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire five years after
the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

Warrants As of December
31, 2024 and 2023, there are 20,150,000 warrants issued and outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30
days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the
completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus
relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon
exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash
settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, and cashless exercise is unavailable
the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share
underlying such Unit.

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the
Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of its Business Combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the
IPO or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
following the Companys initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth
(60th) business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

If the holders exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the
fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10
trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on
which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.

F-16

Redemption of Warrants When the Price
per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $18.00: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding
warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period); and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class
A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or
other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights
offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price
less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i)
the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such
rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class
A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities
convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will
be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion
and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading
day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or
in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters, purchased an aggregate of 7,650,000 Private Placement
Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant,
or $7,650,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement. Of those 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 6,000,000
Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased 1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants sold in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Private
Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants
held by Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than five years from the closing of the IPO in
accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).

The Companys Sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier
redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines
it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect
to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow
redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated
an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails
to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust
Account; and (iv) vote any Founder Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open
market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination (subject to applicable law).

F-17

Note 5 Related Party
Transactions

Founder Shares

On March 8, 2023, the Sponsor made a capital contribution
of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of the Companys expenses, for which the Company issued 5,750,000
Founders Shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding
6,325,000 Founder Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder
Shares included an aggregate of 825,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters
over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option
on May 30, 2023, 75,000 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,250,000 Founder Shares. The remaining Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. On November 18, 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares (Class B Ordinary Shares)
elected to convert 6,200,000 outstanding Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the
Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion and giving effect to the redemption of Public Shares in connection with the
Extension Amendment, as of November 18, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of 8,405,349 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding
and 50,000 Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding.

The Companys Sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares (including any Class A ordinary shares issued upon
conversion of Class B ordinary shares) until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business
Combination that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Companys
initial shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares (the Lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing
price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from
the Lock-up.

At the Closing, the Sponsor will enter into a
Lock-Up Agreement (the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor and its permitted assigns will agree not
to, prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date (the Initial Common Stock Lock-Up Period), (i) sell,
pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of (a) any shares of New USARE Common Stock the Sponsor received upon conversion
of its Founder Shares (following the automatic conversion of each of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of the Company
immediately prior to the Domestication, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share of the Company), in connection with
the Domestication (the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares), (ii) enter into any swap or other transfer arrangement in respect of the
Sponsor Lock-Up Shares or (iii) take any other similar actions (the actions specified in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), collectively,
Transfer in each case, without the prior written consent of the board of directors of New USARE (the New USARE Board)).
The Sponsor and its permitted assigns will also agree not to, prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (the
Second Common Stock Lock-Up Period), Transfer more than 50% of the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares in each case, without the prior
written consent of the New USARE Board. In addition, the Sponsor will agree to not Transfer any warrants received upon conversion of Private
Placement Warrants in connection with the Domestication (or the shares of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants),
prior to the date that is 30 days after the Closing Date. The Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement will provide for certain permitted transfers,
including but not limited to, transfers to certain affiliates or family members, transfers of shares acquired on the open market after
the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to certain conditions, or the exercise of certain stock options and warrants.

Promissory Note Related Party

The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate
of up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier
of December 31, 2023 or the closing of the IPO. The outstanding balance of $179,665 was repaid at the closing of the IPO on May 30, 2023.

F-18

Services and Indemnification Agreement

Commencing on May 24, 2023, the Company entered
into an agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month to The Venture Collective LLC (TVC),
an affiliate of one of the Companys directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer,
and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. In addition, the Company has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising
out of or relating to the IPO or the Companys operations or conduct of the Companys business or any claim against the Sponsor
and/or TVC alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Companys activities
or any express or implied association between the Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates,
on the other hand, which agreement provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. The services
and indemnification agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account.

On March 28, 2024, the Company entered into the
Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024,
was reduced from $27,083.33 to (i) $17,708.33 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period
starting February 1, 2024.

On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the
Second Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1,
2024, was reduced from $24,091 to $18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746
for the period starting September 1, 2024.

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into
the Third Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November
1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746 to $7,373 for the period starting October 1, 2024. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its
liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee.

For the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the
period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, the Company incurred and paid $204,541 and $196,806 for these services,
respectively.

F-19

Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use amounts held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants
of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

On August 13, 2024, to document existing and future
Working Capital Loans, the Company issued the Note to Michael Blitzer, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to $2,500,000 from Mr. Blitzer, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company
and the consummation of the Business Combination.

All unpaid principal under the Note shall be due
and payable in full on the earlier of (i) November 30, 2024, or such later date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination
pursuant to its governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination (such
earlier date, the Maturity Date), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Note.
Mr. Blitzer will have the option, at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Note, to convert up to $1,500,000
outstanding under the Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $1.00 per warrant, with each warrant
entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable
to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has an outstanding borrowing of $1,200,000 under the Note.

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 21, 2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, $1,250,000 in
Stated Value of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Note.
In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE and Mr. Blitzer,
USARE issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units
in exchange for Mr. Blitzers promise to forgive, at Closing, the other 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Note.

Note 6 Commitments and
Contingencies

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of
any of the Companys securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on May 24, 2023. The holders of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of
the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Concurrently with the Closing, New USARE, the
Sponsor, and other parties thereto will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement),
pursuant to which, among other things, New USARE will agree that, promptly after the Closing Date, it will file with the SEC (at New USAREs
sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of certain securities held by or issuable to the parties thereto
(the Resale Registration Statement), and New USARE will use its reasonable best efforts to have the Resale Registration
Statement declared effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof, and in any event within ninety (90) days after
the Closing Date. Such holders will be entitled to customary piggyback registration rights and demand registration rights.

Underwriters Agreement

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the
date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On May 30, 2023, simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, the underwriters elected to partially exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units
at a price of $10.00 per Unit. The underwriters determined to forfeit the right to purchase the remaining 300,000 Units.

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of $4,400,000 (2.0% of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the IPO, excluding any proceeds from Units sold pursuant to
the underwriters over-allotment option). Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 5.0%
on the base deal and an additional 7.0% on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional Units (or
$13,100,000 in the aggregate) of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Companys initial
Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

F-20

Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, solely
in connection with the USARE Business Combination, upon consummation of the Business Combination, CF&CO will accept, in lieu of such
Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at the Companys option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus
(2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction
Agreement) exceeds $50,000,000. Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO will forfeit
1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants.

Business Combination Agreement

Refer to Note 1 for details.

Non-Redemption Agreement

On both November 13, 2024 and November 14, 2024,
the Company entered into several non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements) with certain counterparties (the
Counterparties). Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, each Counterparty agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind
any redemption requests with respect to) certain publicly-held Class A ordinary shares of the Company (Non-Redeemed Shares)
in connection with the shareholder vote on the Extension Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem the Non-Redeemed
Shares, the Company granted such Counterparties options to enter into forward purchase agreements (the Forward Purchase Agreements)
in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the Forward Purchase Options) with respect to Class A ordinary
shares of the Company. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Options, each Counterparty will have the right, but not the obligation, to enter
into an over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (a Forward Purchase Transaction) with respect to Class A ordinary
shares of the Company in connection with the closing of the Business Combination.

Forward Purchase Agreement

On November 13, 2024, the Company and Newtyn Partners,
LP and Newtyn TE Partners, LP (collectively, Newtyn), entered into a non-redemption agreement (the Newtyn Non-Redemption
Agreement). Pursuant to the Newtyn Non-Redemption Agreement, Newtyn agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption
requests with respect to) an aggregate of 700,000 publicly-held Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point (Newtyn Non-Redeemed
Shares) in connection with the shareholder vote on the Articles Extension Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not
to redeem the Newtyn Non-Redeemed Shares, Inflection Point granted Newtyn an option to enter into a forward purchase agreement (the Newtyn
Forward Purchase Agreement) in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the Forward Purchase Option)
with respect to up to 700,000 Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Option, Newtyn will have the
right, but not the obligation, to enter into an over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (a Forward Purchase Transaction)
with respect to up to 700,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The Company
recorded $200,417 loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements and Forward Purchase Agreements liability reported in the accompanying
statements of operations and balance sheets, respectively, on the initial recognition of 700,000 Newtyn Non-Redeemed Shares.

On November 14, 2024, the Company and Harraden
Circle Investors LP and Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP (collectively, Harraden), entered into a non-redemption
agreement (the Harraden Non-Redemption Agreement). Pursuant to the Harraden Non-Redemption Agreement, Harraden agreed not
to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests with respect to) an aggregate of 700,000 publicly-held Class A ordinary shares
of the Company (Harraden Non-Redeemed Shares) in connection with the shareholder vote on the Articles Extension Proposal.
In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem the Harraden Non-Redeemed Shares, Inflection Point granted Harraden an option to
enter into a forward purchase agreement (the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement) in connection with the closing of the
Business Combination (the Forward Purchase Option) with respect to up to 700,000 Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point.
Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Option, Harraden will have the right, but not the obligation, to enter into an over-the-counter Equity
Prepaid Forward Transaction (a Forward Purchase Transaction) with respect to up to 700,000 Class A ordinary shares of the
Company in connection with the closing of the proposed business combination (the Business Combination) with USA Rare Earth,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability. The Company recorded $199,098 loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements and Forward Purchase
Agreements liability reported in the accompanying statements of operations and balance sheets, respectively, on the initial recognition
of 700,000 Harraden Non-Redeemed Shares.

On November 14, 2024, the Company and L1 Capital
Global Opportunities Master Fund (L1) entered into a non-redemption agreement (the L1 Non-Redemption Agreement
and, together with the Harraden Non-Redemption Agreement, the Non-Redemption Agreements). Pursuant to the L1 Non-Redemption
Agreement, L1 agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests with respect to) an aggregate of 300,000 publicly-held
Class A ordinary shares of the Company (L1 Non-Redeemed Shares) in connection with the shareholder vote on the Articles
Extension Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem the L1 Non-Redeemed Shares, Inflection Point granted L1 an
option to enter into a forward purchase agreement (the L1 Forward Purchase Agreement and together with the Harraden Forward
Purchase Agreement the Forward Purchase Agreements) which granted L1 a Forward Purchase Option with respect to up to 300,000
Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Option, L1 will have the right, but not the obligation,
to enter into a Forward Purchase Transaction with respect to up to 300,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company in connection with the
closing of the Business Combination. The Company recorded $85,328 loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements and Forward Purchase
Agreements liability reported in the accompanying statements of operations and balance sheets, respectively, on the initial recognition
of 300,000 L1 Non-Redeemed Shares.

F-21

As of December 31, 2024, the Company recorded
$435,568 changes in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements reported in the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31,
2024, the Company has $49,275 outstanding balance under Forward Purchase Agreements liability reported in the accompanying balance sheets.

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preferred Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 5,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, there
were no shares of preferred shares issued and outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At December 31, 2024
and 2023, there were 6,200,000 and 0 shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding 2,205,349 and 25,000,000
shares subject to possible redemption), respectively.

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At December 31, 2024 and
2023 there were 50,000 and 6,250,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. On March 8, 2023,
the Company issued 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share. On May 24, 2023,
the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000 founder shares. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 825,000
shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, 75,000 founder shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding
6,250,000 founder shares. The remaining founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

On November 18, 2024, pursuant to the terms of
the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 6,250,000
Class B Ordinary Shares elected to convert 6,200,000 outstanding Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class
A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion and giving effect to the redemption of Public Shares
in connection with the Extension Amendment, as of December 31, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of 8,405,349 Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding and 50,000 Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier
at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares
or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares
outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including
the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers
or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less
than one-for-one basis.

F-22

Holders of record of the Companys Class
A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements 

The Company follows the guidance in
ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial
assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.

The fair value of the Companys
financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the
use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, assets held in
the Trust Account were comprised of $24,075,435 and $258,971,518, respectively, in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. For the year ended December
31, 2024, the Company withdrawn $246,916,015 on the Trust Account in connection with the redemption. From March 6, 2023 (inception) through
December 31, 2023, the Company did not withdraw any dividend earned on the Trust Account.

The following table presents information
about the Companys assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and
indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:

December 31, December 31, 

Description Level 2024 2023 

Assets: 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 1 $ 24,075,435 $ 258,971,518 

Liabilities: 

Forward Purchase Agreement 3 $ 49,275 $ 

F-23

Forward Purchase Agreements

The Company established the fair value of the
Forward Purchase Agreements using Black Scholes Model that values Forward Purchase Agreements based on future projections of the various
potential outcomes, and classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement.

The following table provides additional quantitative
information regarding the Level 3 fair value measurement inputs at their measurement dates for the Forward Purchase Agreements liability:

At initial issuance At initial issuance 

November 13, 

2024 

November 14, 

2024 

December 31,

2024 

Stock Price $ 10.79 $ 10.80 $ 11.48 

Expected Redemption Price $ 11.10 $ 11.10 $ 11.13 

Volatility 9.72 % 9.84 % 6.70 %

Term (in years) 0.95 0.95 $ 0.81 

Risk-free rate 4.38 % 4.42 % 4.19 %

Probability of Business Combination Close 85 % 85 % $ 85 %

The following table presents the changes in the
fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements liability for the period ended December 31, 2024:

Forward Purchase

Agreement 

January 1, 2024 $ 

Initial recognition at November 13, 2024 of 700,000 shares 200,417 

Initial recognition at November 14, 2024 of 700,000 and 300,000 shares 284,426 

Change in fair value (435,568 )

Fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements liability as of December 31, 2024 $ 49,275 

Note 9 Segment Information

ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting,
establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statement information about operating segments, products, services, geographic
areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information
is available that is regularly evaluated by the Companys chief operating decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate
resources and assess performance.

The Companys chief operating decision maker
has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer (CODM), who reviews the operating results for the Company as a whole
to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, management has determined that the Company
only has one operating segment.

F-24

When evaluating the Companys performance
and making key decisions regarding resource allocation the CODM reviews several key metrics, which include the following:

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2024 For the Year Ended 

December 31,

2023 

Formation and operational costs $ 4,077,377 $ 985,212 

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account $ 12,019,932 $ 7,721,518 

The key measures of segment profit or
loss reviewed by our CODM are dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account and formation and operational costs.
The CODM reviews dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account to measure and monitor shareholders value and determine
the most effective strategy of investment with the Trust Account funds while maintaining compliance with the trust agreement. Formation
and operational costs are reviewed and monitored by the CODM to manage and forecast cash to ensure enough capital is available to complete
a business combination within the business combination period. The CODM also reviews formation and operational costs to manage, maintain
and enforce all contractual agreements to ensure costs are aligned with all agreements and budget.

Note 10 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this
review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

On January 22, 2025, the Company, Mr.
Blitzer and USARE entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Blitzer Series A SPA (the Blitzer Series A SPA Amendment). The Blitzer
Series A SPA Amendment amends the Blitzer Series A SPA to provide that, instead of 104,167 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Inflection
Point will issue to Mr. Blitzer a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares
in exchange for Mr. Blitzers forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination
Agreement

On January 30, 2025, the Company and
USARE entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement (BCA Amendment No. 2) to, among other
matters, set out the proposed directors of New USARE, address certain other governance matters and modify certain document delivery conditions.

F-25

Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support
Agreement

On January 31, 2025, the Sponsor, the
Company and USARE entered into an amendment to the Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement Amendment) to
eliminate the provisions providing for the potential forfeiture of warrants by the Sponsor from the Sponsor Support Agreement.

Series A SPA Termination Agreement

On February 3, 2025, pursuant to a securities
purchase agreement dated January 31, 2025, the Company Fund pre-funded the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by consummating the purchase
of 833,333 additional USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant exercisable for 833,333 USARE Class A Units at an initial
exercise price of $12.00, for an aggregate purchase price of $8.5 million (the Pre-Funding).

On March 10, 2025, the Company held
an extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary General Meeting) and the shareholders approved the proposals which was
described in more detail in the Companys definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
on February 18, 2025 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus)

Forward Purchase Agreement

On March 11, 2025, the Company and USARE
entered into (i) a forward purchase agreement with Harraden Circle Investors LP, Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP and Harraden
Circle Strategic Investments LP (collectively, Harraden, and such agreement, the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement),
(ii) a forward purchase agreement with Newtyn TE Partners, LP and Newtyn Partners, LP (collectively, Newtyn, and such agreement,
the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement), and (iii) a forward purchase agreement with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master
Fund (L1, and such agreement, the L1 Forward Purchase Agreement, and together with the Harraden Forward Purchase
Agreement and the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement, the Forward Purchase Agreements), each for over-the-counter Equity
Prepaid Forward Transactions (each, a Forward Purchase Transaction and, together, the Forward Purchase Transactions).
Each Forward Purchase Agreement amended, restated and superseded in its entirety a separate forward purchase agreements with each of the
Sellers, dated March 10, 2025, which had identical terms to those described herein, except that the Reset Price (as defined in the Forward
Purchase Agreements) was not subject to the floor price described below. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, each of Harraden,
Newtyn and L1 are referred to, individually, as a Seller and, collectively, as the Sellers). For purposes
of the Forward Purchase Agreements, Inflection Point and New USARE are referred to as the Counterparty prior to and after
the Business Combination, respectively.

Pursuant to the terms of the Forward
Purchase Agreements, (i) Harraden has agreed to hold up to 892,825 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Inflection
Point (Inflection Point Shares), (ii) Newtyn has agreed to hold up to 700,000 Inflection Point Shares, and (iii) L1 has
agreed to hold up to 297,669 Inflection Point Shares in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing).
For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Inflection Point Shares held by each Seller are referred to as such Sellers
FPA Shares. Each Seller, acting separately and solely for its own account, may, if necessary, (i) reverse its previous election
to redeem its Inflection Point Shares in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection
Points amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (ii) purchase Inflection Point Shares through a broker in
the open market from holders of Inflection Point Shares (other than Inflection Point), including from holders who have previously elected
to redeem their Inflection Point Shares in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection
Points amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The aggregate number of shares subject to each Forward Purchase
Agreement (the Number of Shares) will be the aggregate number of FPA Shares as notified to Counterparty by the applicable
Seller, but in no event more than such Sellers number of FPA Shares set forth above.

F-26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex99-2_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II), AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.

References to the Company, Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II, our, us or we refer to Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
II. The following discussion and analysis of the Companys financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K to which this Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is attached as Exhibit
99.2. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth
under the sections of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus enttitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,
Risk Factors and elsewhere in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Overview

Until March 13, 2025, we were a special purpose
acquisition company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 6, 2023, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. Our intent was to
effectuate our Business Combination, including the USARE Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, our shares and debt.

We incurred significant costs in the pursuit of
our acquisition plans.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues through December 31, 2024. Our only activities from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for our IPO, described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business
Combination and activities in connection with the USARE Business Combination. We did not generate any operating revenues from March 6,
2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024. We generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents
and dividend income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, we had net
income of $7,899,035, which consists of dividend income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $12,019,932, change
in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement of $435,568 and interest income from bank of $5,755, partially offset by formation and operating
costs of $4,077,377 and loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements of $484,843.

For the period from March 6, 2023 (inception)
through December 31, 2023, we had net income of $6,748,069, which consists of dividend income earned on marketable securities held in
the Trust Account of $7,721,518 and interest income from bank of $11,763, partially offset by formation and operating costs of $985,212.

Business Combination with USARE

On August 21, 2024 (the Signing Date)
the Company entered into the that certain business combination agreement by and among the Company, USARE and Merger Sub (as amended on
November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025, the USARE Business Combination Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things
and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub merged with and into USARE (the Merger), with USARE
continuing as the surviving company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement are referred to herein as the USARE Business Combination. The combined companys business continues
to operate through USARE and its subsidiaries. In connection with the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the Closing),
the Company changed its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc. (such company after the closing of the USARE Business Combination,
New USARE).

The Domestication

The Company , subject to obtaining the required
shareholder approvals and at least one day prior to the date of the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the Closing
and the date of the Closing, the Closing Date), changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands
exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication).
Prior to, but on the same day as, the Domestication, the Company provide its public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their Public
Shares on the terms and conditions set forth in the USARE Business Combination Agreement and the Companys governing documents (the
Redemption). The Company redeemed 128,140 Public Shares in the Redemption.

By virtue of the Domestication and subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, including approval of the Companys shareholders:
(i) immediately prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below) each of the then issued and outstanding
Class B ordinary shares of the Company converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share, par value
of $0.0001 per share, of the Company (each a Class A Ordinary Share) (the Sponsor Share Conversion); and (ii)
in connection with the Domestication, (x) each then issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Share (that was not redeemed pursuant to the
Redemption) converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company
(after the Domestication) (the New USARE Common Stock); (y) each of the then issued and outstanding warrants representing
the right to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share converted automatically into a warrant to acquire one (1) share of New USARE Common Stock
(each a New USARE Warrant); and (z) each of the then issued and outstanding units of the Company was cancelled and each
holder thereof became entitled to one share of New USARE Common Stock and one-half (1/2) of one New USARE Warrant.

The Merger and Consideration

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
(i) each warrant to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units)
or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units) was automatically be
exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued and outstanding USARE
Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit (including each USARE
Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise described in the
preceding clause (i)) was automatically converted into such number of Class B units of USARE (the USARE Class B Units) into
which such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable, was convertible in connection
with the Merger pursuant to USAREs Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the USARE OA).

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time:

(i) each unit of USARE that was owned by the Company, Merger Sub or USARE (in treasury or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an Excluded Unit) was cancelled and ceased to exist and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefore;

(ii) each incentive unit (the USARE Incentive Units) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units), by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit is continuously employed by or providing services to USARE from the Signing Date through the Effective Time, was automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, was automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one Class A unit of USARE (the USARE Class A Units) in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

2

(iii) each warrant to purchase units of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) (the USARE Warrants) that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time was, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

(iv) each USARE Class A Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Base Consideration) and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration);

(v) each USARE Class B Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration;

(vi) each Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units) and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below); and

(vii) each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would have been issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below).

Pursuant to the USARE Business Combination Agreement,
the aggregate consideration paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding equity securities of USARE (excluding
the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) was (A) (i) the number
of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) (i) the $800,000,000 minus (ii) the aggregate indebtedness of USARE and
its direct and indirect subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject to certain exceptions) divided by (b) the
amount equal to the price at which each Public Share may be redeemed pursuant to the Redemption in connection with the Domestication (collectively,
the Aggregate Base Consideration) plus (B) subject to the vesting and forfeiture effects of the Earn-out Exchange Ratio
described below, up to 10,000,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock (the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration). The Aggregate
Earn-out Consideration was subject to certain customary adjustments as described in the USARE Business Combination Agreement. The Exchange
Ratio was equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Base Consideration divided by the sum (without duplication) of the aggregate
number of (i) USARE Class A Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE Class B Units that
are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion of all outstanding
USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class
B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE Warrants (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on
a cashless exercise basis) and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise, exchange or conversion
of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis)
(such sum, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital).

3

The Earn-out Exchange Ratio was
equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration divided by (B) the USARE Fully Diluted Capital. 50% of the Aggregate
Earn-out Consideration shall vest and be issued if, during the five year period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date
(the Earnout Period) the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national securities
exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $15.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive
Trading Days (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). The remaining 50% of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest
and be issued if, during the Earnout Period, the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national
securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $20.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty
consecutive trading days. The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration may also vest upon a Change of Control (as defined in the USARE Business
Combination Agreement) pursuant to which New USARE or its shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied value per
share of New USARE Common Stock is equal to or above such price targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon the implied
per share value reaching the thresholds discussed above).

In connection with the Closing:

i. USARE and New USARE entered into a Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of USARE, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the manager of USARE; and

ii. The Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation) which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below).

Series A Preferred Stock Investment

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the USARE Business Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, the Company, USARE and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, an accredited investor
that is an affiliate of the Company and the Sponsor (the Series A Preferred Stock Investor) entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Series A SPA). Pursuant to the Series A SPA, the Series A Preferred Stock Investor agreed, among other things,
to purchase, at Closing, shares of New USAREs 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (such stock the Series
A Preferred Stock) and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the amount of shares into which
such shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are initially convertible (a Series A Preferred Investor
Warrant), for an aggregate purchase price of $9,117,648 (the Series A Preferred Stock Investment). Each share of
Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of $12.00 (the Stated Value). Subsequently, on February 3, 2025, Inflection
Point Fund pre-funded the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing an aggregate of 833,333 additional USARE Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Units and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant exercisable for an aggregate of 833,333 USARE Class A Units for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $8.5 million as part of an additional investment into USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units. Pursuant
to a termination agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among the Company, USARE and Inflection Point Fund (the Series
A SPA Termination Agreement), upon the pre-funding of the Series A Preferred Stock Investment, the Series A SPA was terminated.

4

In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended on January 22, 2025, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer (the Companys
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and USARE, the Company agreed to issue at Closing, a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares (as defined in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) of Series A Preferred Stock
to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note issued to him by
the Company on August 13, 2024 (the Note). This Securities Purchase Agreement is in substantially the form of the Series
A SPA, subject to appropriate changes to reflect that (i) the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer is his forgiveness of 50% of the
then-outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13, 2024 and (ii) Mr. Blitzer will
not receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant.

On March 11, 2025, Inflection Point and USARE
OpCo entered into additional Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred SPAs with Inflection Point Fund and another accredited investor,
Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC Segregated Master Portfolio B (together with Inflection Point Fund, the Additional Series
A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Investors), pursuant to which the Additional Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of (i) 784,314 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) Series A Preferred Investor
Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 784,314 shares of New USARE Common Stock, subject to adjustment, for an aggregate purchase price
of $8.0 million.

Sponsor Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, the Company and USARE entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor has agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve the USARE Business Combination Agreement
and the other documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit 60,000 New USARE Warrants for
every $1,000,000 by which (x) the gross proceeds at the closing of the USARE Business Combination from the Trust Account (after giving
effect to the Redemption plus (y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the UASRE Business Combination
Agreement), the Series A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the USARE Business Combination Agreement) are
below $50,000,000, up to a maximum of 1,500,000 New USARE Warrants forfeited. On January 31, 2025, the Sponsor, Inflection Point and USARE
entered into an amendment to the Sponsor Support Agreement to eliminate the potential forfeiture of New USARE Warrants by the Sponsor.

Member Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Company, entered into a member support agreement (the Member Support Agreement) with USARE and
certain members of USARE (the Supporting USARE Members) pursuant to which each such Supporting USARE Members have agreed
to, among other things, support and vote in favor of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated therein
(including the Merger).

Fee Reduction Agreement

Pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement
between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters (CF&CO), dated May
24, 2023 (as it may be amended from time to time, the Underwriting Agreement), the Company previously agreed to pay to CF&CO
an aggregate cash amount of $13,100,000 as deferred underwriting commissions (the Original Deferred Fee) upon
the consummation of an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of the Company, filed with the SEC (File
No. 333- 271128), and dated May 24, 2024. Solely in connection with the USARE Business Combination, the Company, CF&CO and USARE have
entered into that certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the Fee Reduction Agreement), pursuant to
which, upon consummation of the USARE Business Combination, CF&CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at
the Companys option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus (2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common
Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement) exceeds $50,000,000.
Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO will forfeit 1,650,000 Private Placement
Warrants.

5

Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement

On November 12, 2024, the Company and USARE entered
into that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the BCA Amendment). The BCA Amendment:

(i) amends Section 2.02(b) and Section 2.03(b)(iii)
to provide that in connection with the Business Combination, each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant shall be cancelled and converted
into the right to receive a Domesticated Purchaser Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)
exercisable for a number of shares of common stock of New USARE equal to the aggregate number of Class A units of USARE that would be
issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant; and

(ii) amends Article X to define the term Expiration
Time with respect to the Member Support Agreement (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) to mean the earlier of the
closing of the Business Combination or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement.

Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination
Agreement

On January 30, 2025, the Company and USARE entered
into that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement to, among other matters, set out the proposed directors of New
USARE, address certain other governance matters and modify certain document delivery conditions.

Forward Purchase Agreements

On March 11, 2025, the Company and USARE entered
into (i) a forward purchase agreement with Harraden Circle Investors LP, Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP and Harraden Circle
Strategic Investments LP (collectively, Harraden, and such agreement, the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement),
(ii) a forward purchase agreement with Newtyn TE Partners, LP and Newtyn Partners, LP (collectively, Newtyn, and such agreement,
the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement), and (iii) a forward purchase agreement with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master
Fund (L1, and such agreement, the L1 Forward Purchase Agreement, and together with the Harraden Forward Purchase
Agreement and the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement, the Forward Purchase Agreements), each for over-the-counter Equity
Prepaid Forward Transactions (each, a Forward Purchase Transaction and, together, the Forward Purchase Transactions).
Each Forward Purchase Agreement amended, restated and superseded in its entirety a separate forward purchase agreements with each of the
Sellers, dated March 10, 2025, which had identical terms to those described herein, except that the Reset Price (as defined in the Forward
Purchase Agreements) was not subject to the floor price described below. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, each of Harraden,
Newtyn and L1 are referred to, individually, as a Seller and, collectively, as the Sellers). For purposes
of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Company and New USARE are referred to as the Counterparty prior to and after the
Business Combination, respectively.

Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase
Agreements, (i) Harraden agreed to hold up to 892,825 Public Shares, (ii) Newtyn agreed to hold up to 700,000 Public Shares, and (iii)
L1 agreed to hold up to 297,669 Public Shares in connection with the Closing. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Public
Shares held by each Seller are referred to as such Sellers FPA Shares. Each Seller, acting separately and
solely for its own account, was permitted, if necessary, to (i) reverse its previous election to redeem its Public Shares in connection
with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection Points amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or (ii) purchase Public Shares through a broker in the open market from holders of Public Shares (other than
Inflection Point), including from holders who have previously elected to redeem their Public Shares in connection with the Business Combination
pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection Points amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The
aggregate number of shares subject to each Forward Purchase Agreement (the Number of Shares) was the aggregate number of
FPA Shares as notified to Counterparty by the applicable Seller, but in no event more than such Sellers number of FPA Shares set
forth above. Each Seller notified the Counterparty that it would subject the maximum Number of Shares to the their respective Forward
Purchase Agreements. The Number of Shares is subject to reduction following the full or partial optional early termination of the Forward
Purchase Agreements as described below.

6

Each Forward Purchase Agreement provides that
no later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the Closing and (b) the date any assets from Inflection Points
trust account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Seller under such Forward Purchase Agreement was paid directly,
out of the funds held in Inflection Points trust account, an amount (the Prepayment Amount) equal to the product
of (i) the Number of Shares and (ii) an amount (the Initial Price) equal to the redemption price per share payable to investors
who elected to redeem in connection with the Business Combination.

From time to time on any day the Nasdaq is open
for trading following the date of the Closing (any such date, an OET Date), each Seller may, in its absolute discretion,
elect to sell any and all FPA Shares it owns. Any such sale shall automatically terminate such Sellers Forward Purchaser Transaction
in whole or in part with respect to any such number of sold shares. Seller shall, on any day of such OET Date, give written notice to
the Counterparty of such termination and specify the number of sold FPA Shares (such quantity, the Terminated Shares). As
of each OET Date, the Counterparty shall be entitled from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to the Counterparty, an amount equal to the
product of (a) the then in effect Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement and subject to a floor of $4.00) and (b) the
number of Terminated Shares. 

Each Forward Purchase Agreements maturity
date will be the date 90 days after the Closing (the Maturity Date). Upon the occurrence of the Maturity Date, in exchange
for delivery of the then Number of Shares under each Forward Purchase Transaction, the Counterparty shall pay each Seller an amount (the
Maturity Consideration) equal to (i) the number of FPA Shares less the number of Terminated Shares multiplied by (ii) the
Initial Price. The Seller will retain the Maturity Consideration from the Prepayment Amount paid by the Counterparty to the Seller.

Each Forward Purchase Agreements may each be terminated
by any of the parties thereto if any of the following events occur: (a) failure to consummate the Business Combination on or before
the Outside Date (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), as such Outside Date may be amended or extended from time to time,
(b) termination of the Business Combination Agreement prior to the Closing, (c) it being, or, as a consequence of a change in law,
regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller to perform any of its obligations contemplated by a Forward
Purchase Agreement, or (d) upon the occurrence of any Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreements) of
the Counterparty (each of such events, an Additional Termination Event). Upon any termination that occurs following the
closing of the Business Combination due to clauses (c) or (d) above, Counterparty shall be obligated to promptly accept for redemption
all of Sellers Shares in exchange for the Initial Price.

Closing of the USARE Business Combination

The USARE Business Combination closed on March
13, 2025. For additional information regarding the USARE Business Combination see the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to which
this Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is attached as Exhibit 99.2 and the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern

Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source
of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans from
the Sponsor.

On May 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of 25,000,000
Units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 7,650,000
Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at a price
of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $7,650,000.

7

Following the IPO and the private placements,
a total of $251,250,000 ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction costs of $18,361,877 consisting of
$4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $861,877 of other offering costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash used
in operating activities was $1,398,564. Net income of $7,899,035 was affected by dividend income earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of $12,019,932, change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement of $435,568 and loss on issuance of Forward Purchase
Agreements of $484,843. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used $2,673,058 of cash for operating activities.

As of December 31, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $24,075,435 consisting of U.S. government treasury obligations with maturity of 185 days or less or interests
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. We were permitted withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intended to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable), to complete our initial Business Combination.

As of December 31, 2024, we had cash of $2,101.
Prior to the USARE Business Combination, our intent was to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination, to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums
and to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month (the Monthly Fee) to The Venture Collective LLC (TVC), an affiliate
of one of our directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief
of Staff. On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which, the Monthly
Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from $27,083 to (i) $17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January
31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the Services
and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from $24,091
to $18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746 for the period starting
September 1, 2024. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant
to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November 1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746 to $7,373 for the period starting October
1, 2024. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee. For the year ended
December 31, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, the Company incurred $204,541 and $196,806
for these services, respectively.

In order to finance working capital or to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Companys officers and directors was permitted, but not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans). In the event that the initial Business Combination did not close, the Company was permitted to use a portion of
the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would have
been used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans was convertible into private placement warrants
of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would
have been identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

On August 13, 2024, to document existing and future
Working Capital Loans, the Company issued the Note to Michael Blitzer, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to $2,500,000 from Mr. Blitzer, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company
and the consummation of the Business Combination.

All unpaid principal under the Note was due and
payable in full on the earlier of (i) August 21, 2025, or such later date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination
pursuant to its governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination (such
earlier date, the Maturity Date), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Note.
Mr. Blitzer had the option, at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Note, to convert up to $1,500,000 outstanding
under the Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $1.00 per warrant, with each warrant entitling
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the Private
Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has an outstanding borrowing of $1,200,000 under the Note.

8

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 21, 2024, as amended on January 22, 2025, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer and USARE, the Company has agreed to
issue at Closing, a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares (as defined
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Note. In
addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE and Mr. Blitzer, USARE
issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units in
exchange for Mr. Blitzers promise to forgive, at the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, the other 50% of the then-outstanding balance
of the Note. Such amounts were forgiven upon the closing of the USARE Business Combination for the consideration described above.

As of December 31, 2024, we believed that amounts
not held in trust were not sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated that are payable prior to the
closing of our initial Business Combination. Our costs were primarily expected to be incurred in connection with identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination. As of December 31, 2024, our officers, directors
and our Sponsor were permitted, but not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered
to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements, or, if earlier, the date that we will be required to cease all
operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue as a going concern.

On March 13, 2025, the Company consummated the
USARE Business Combination with USARE and substantially all of the assets and the business of the combined company are held and operated
by USARE and its subsidiaries. USARE has generated no revenues since inception, continues to incur losses from operations, and has an
accumulated deficit. Following the closing of the USARE Business Combination, the Companys ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to raise capital, to implement its business plan, generate sufficient revenues, and to control operating
expenses.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual obligations

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month to
TVC, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. We began incurring such fees on May
24, 2023, and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or our liquidation.
On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid
to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from $27,083 to (i) $17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024
and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the Services and
Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from $24,091 to $18,882
for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746 for the period starting September 1,
2024. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which,
the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November 1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746 to $7,373 for the period starting October 1, 2024.
Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee.

9

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
commission of 5.0% on the base deal and an additional 7.0% on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional
Units, or $13,100,000 in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Companys
initial business combination subject to the terms of the underwriting commission.

Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, solely
in connection with the USARE Business Combination, upon consummation of the USARE Business Combination, CF&CO will accept, in lieu
of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at the Companys option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000
plus (2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee
Reduction Agreement) exceeds $50,000,000. Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO
will forfeit 1,650,000 Placement Warrants.

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Net Income per Share

Net income per share is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture.
Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive
securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings
of the Company. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the periods presented.

Recent Accounting Standards

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment
Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures,
on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker
(CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss.
The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the
reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities
will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single
reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures
in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial
statements.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex99-3_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF USA RARE EARTH, LLC AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page
Number

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4

Consolidated Statement of Mezzanine Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 F-5

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders/Members Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-7

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-8

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors
of USA Rare Earth, LLC and Subsidiaries

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of USA Rare Earth and its Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders/members equity, mezzanine equity and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.

Going Concern Uncertainty

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements
plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ HORNE LLP

We have served as the
Companys auditor since 2024.

Ridgeland, Mississippi

March 8, 2025

F-2

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except shares/units)

December 31, 

2024 2023 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 16,761 $ 13,199 

Deferred offering costs 5,134 73 

Lease right-of-use assets 30 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 378 437 

Total Current Assets 22,303 13,709 

Non-current Assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 26,529 23,679 

Mineral interests, at cost 17,125 16,901 

Equipment deposits 3,060 2,506 

Equity investments, at fair value - 40 

Lease right-of-use assets - 489 

Other non-current assets 52 61 

Total Non-current Assets 46,766 43,676 

Total Assets $ 69,069 $ 57,385 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS/MEMBERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 1,823 $ 385 

Accrued liabilities 3,071 4,759 

Derivative liability, current 1,164 - 

Notes payable, current 831 - 

Lease liability, current 23 452 

Other current liabilities 13 - 

Total Current Liabilities 6,925 5,596 

Non-current Liabilities: 

Deferred grants 8,200 8,200 

Lease liability, non-current - 21 

Derivative liability, non-current - 420 

Notes payable, non-current - 620 

Other liabilities - 44 

Total Non-current Liabilities 8,200 9,305 

Total Liabilities 15,125 14,901 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Mezzanine Equity: 

Class A-2 Convertible preferred shares subject to possible redemption of $15,405 at
December 31, 2024, no par value, 25,000,000 authorized, 1,510,297 and nil authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and
2023, respectively 11,804 - 

Subscription receivable (967 ) - 

Shareholders/Members Equity: 

Class A Common, no par value, 500,000,000 authorized; 206,520,542 shares/units outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 3,704 3,704 

Class B Common, no par value, 500,000,000 authorized; 20,778,672 shares/units outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 3,189 3,189 

Class A-1 Convertible preferred shares/units, no par value, 25,000,000 authorized, 1,228,716 and nil authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 9,369 - 

Class C Convertible preferred shares/units, no par value, 58,228,499 and 54,592,019 authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 79,314 73,079 

Class C-1 Convertible preferred shares/units, no par value, 30,000,000 authorized, 8,520,221 and 7,861,086 outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 14,534 13,404 

Additional paid-in-capital 3,509 - 

Subscription receivable (283 ) - 

Accumulated deficit (72,872 ) (54,223 )

Non-controlling interests 2,643 3,331 

Total Shareholders/Members Equity 43,107 42,484 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders/Members Equity $ 69,069 $ 57,385 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(in thousands, except shares/units)

For the Years Ended

December 31, 

2024 2023 

Operating Costs and Expenses 

General and administrative $ 6,209 $ 8,698 

Other employee compensation 6,022 11,013 

Mining exploration, development and other 1,078 1,762 

Equity-based compensation 1,738 1,374 

Research and development 303 1,638 

Depreciation 235 308 

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 15,585 24,793 

Operating Loss (15,585 ) (24,793 )

Other Income (Expense) 

Investment income 285 363 

Other income, net 11 - 

Impairment of equity investments (405 ) - 

Loss on fair market value of financial instruments (379 ) (879 )

Interest expense, net (319 ) (77 )

Gain on fair market value of convertible debt - 16,848 

Total Other Income (Expense) (807 ) 16,255 

Net Loss (16,392 ) (8,538 )

Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interest (657 ) (1,123 )

Net Loss Attributable to USARE Shareholders/Members $ (15,735 ) $ (7,415 )

Weighted average shares/units outstanding, Class A Common 206,520,542 196,264,700 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share/unit, Class A $ (0.11 ) $ (0.06 )

Weighted average shares/units outstanding, Class B Common 20,778,672 20,778,672 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share/unit, Class B $ (0.11 ) $ (0.06 )

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Consolidated Statement of Mezzanine Equity

(in thousands, except shares/units)

Class A-2 Preferred Subscription 

Shares/Units Amount Receivable Total 

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 - $ - $ - $ - 

Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units and warrant Issuance, net of offering costs 1,446,078 11,415 (967 ) 10,448 

Class A-2 Convertible Preferred dividends 64,219 389 - 389 

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 1,510,297 $ 11,804 $ (967 ) $ 10,837 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Consolidated Statements
of Shareholders/Members Equity 

(in thousands, except shares/units)

Class
A Common Class
B Common Class
A-1

Convertible

Preferred Class
C

Convertible

Preferred Class
C-1

Convertible

Preferred Additional
Non-

Total

Shareholders/

Shares/

Units Amount Shares/

Units Amount Shares/

Units Amount Shares/

Units Amount Shares/

Units Amount Paid-

In-Capital Subscription

Receivable Accumulated

Deficit controlling

Interest Members

Equity 

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 194,822,473 $ 312 20,778,672 $ 3,189 - $ - 51,245,587 $ 68,610 - $ - $ - $ - $ (44,635 ) $ 4,569 $ 32,045 

Equity-based
compensation - - - - - - - - - - 1,374 - - - 1,374 

Class
A Common - SAFE conversion (with fair value adjustment) 11,698,069 3,392 - - - - - - - - - - - - 3,392 

Class
C and C-1 Convertible Preferred dividends - - - - - - 3,346,432 5,355 172,751 292 (3,435 ) - (2,212 ) - - 

Class
C-1 Preferred Unit issuance, net of offering costs - - - - - - - - 7,688,335 13,112 - - - - 13,112 

Issuance
of incentive units - - - - - - - - - - 2,061 - - - 2,061 

Legal
Settlement with Financial Advisor - - - - - - - (886 ) - - - - - - (886 )

Dilution
of non-controlling interest - - - - - - - - - - - - - (115 ) (115 )

Lease
accounting change cumulative adjustment - - - - - - - - - - - - 39 - 39 

Net
loss - - - - - - - - - - - - (7,415 ) (1,123 ) (8,538 )

BALANCE
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 206,520,542 $ 3,704 20,778,672 $ 3,189 - $ - 54,592,019 $ 73,079 7,861,086 $ 13,404 $ - $ - $ (54,223 ) $ 3,331 $ 42,484 

Equity-based
compensation - - - - - - - - - - 1,738 - - - 1,738 

Class
A-1 Convertible Preferred unit and warrant issuance, net of offering costs - - - - 1,176,471 9,052 - - - - 6,283 (283 ) - - 15,052 

Class
A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred dividends - - - - 52,245 317 - - - - (706 ) - - - (389 )

Class
C and C-1 Convertible Preferred dividends - - - - - - 3,636,480 6,235 659,135 1,130 (4,420 ) - (2,945 ) - - 

Issuance
of warrants - - - - - - - - - - 614 - - - 614 

Dilution
of non-controlling interest - - - - - - - - - - - - 31 (31 ) - 

Net
loss - - - - - - - - - - - - (15,735 ) (657 ) (16,392 )

BALANCE
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 206,520,542 $ 3,704 20,778,672 $ 3,189 1,228,716 $ 9,369 58,228,499 $ 79,314 8,520,221 $ 14,534 $ 3,509 $ (283 ) $ (72,872 ) $ 2,643 $ 43,107 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows

(in thousands)

For the Years Ended

December
31, 

2024 2023 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss $ (16,392 ) $ (8,538 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity-based compensation 1,738 1,374 

Loss on fair market value of financial instruments 379 879 

Impairment of equity investments 405 - 

Depreciation 235 308 

Amortization of discount on note payable 211 66 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 154 410 

Noncash interest expense 100 43 

Noncash lease expense - 10 

Loss on sale of property and equipment 39 - 

Gain on fair market value of convertible debt - (16,848 )

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid and other current assets 59 (88 )

Other assets 10 146 

Accounts payable 1,090 (1,996 )

Accrued and other current liabilities (874 ) (1,978 )

Deferred grants - 4,826 

Lease liabilities (145 ) (429 )

Other liabilities - (113 )

Net cash used in operating activities (12,991 ) (21,928 )

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment (1,882 ) (3,303 )

Equipment deposits (1,225 ) (2,506 )

Purchase of mineral interests (178 ) (147 )

Cash used in investing activities (3,285 ) (5,956 )

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of A-1 Preferred shares/units 12,000 - 

Proceeds from issuance of A-2 Preferred shares/units 13,500 - 

Proceeds from issuance of other debt - 1,000 

Proceeds from issuance of Class C-1 Convertible Preferred shares/units - 13,303 

Payment of issuance costs of Class C-1 Convertible Preferred shares/units (600 ) (191 )

Payment of securities issuance fees (5,062 ) - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 19,838 14,112 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 3,562 (14,135 )

Cash and cash equivalents, Beginning of Year 13,199 26,971 

Cash and cash equivalents, End of Period $ 16,761 $ 13,199 

Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Conversion of convertible promissory subscription liability to Series A units $ - $ 3,392 

Class C and C-1 convertible preferred stock and warrant dividends 7,365 5,647 

Class A-1 and A-2 convertible preferred stock and warrant dividends 706 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-7

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION

USA Rare Earth, LLC (the Company
or USARE) is a privately held company organized in 2019 under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Companys mission
is to establish a domestic rare earth magnet supply chain that supports the future state of energy, mobility, and national security in
the United States. USARE is developing a NdFeB magnet manufacturing plant in Stillwater, Oklahoma, and intends to establish domestic
rare earth and critical minerals supply, extraction, and processing capabilities to both supply its magnet manufacturing plant and market
surplus materials to third parties. Rare earth magnets are critical to various business sectors and industries, including the defense,
automotive, aviation, industrial, medical, and consumer electronics industries, among others. USARE is planning to take a broad approach
to the industries it serves with the intention of providing high quality NdFeB magnets to a variety of industries and customers. USAREs
focus on developing domestic rare earth production aligns with national priorities, offering the potential of a sustainable and secure
domestic supply of materials critical to key industries.

On May 17,
2021, the Company completed the acquisition of 80% of the equity interests of Round Top Mountain Development, LLC (RTMD),
pursuant to a contribution agreement with the Company, Texas Mineral Resource Corp. (TMRC), and RTMD, whereby TMRC
and the Company contributed their respective rights and interests to and in Round Top Mountain in Texas to RTMD.
Concurrently, the Company, TMRC, and RTMD entered into a limited liability company agreement of RTMD which
documented the governance of RTMD. This acquisition resulted in the consolidation of RTMD, which is a variable interest entity (VIE),
and the recording of a non-controlling interest for the remaining 20% of equity interest.
Due to TMRCs failure to fund its share of mandatory capital contributions called for
by USARE, the Companys ownership interest in RTMD has increased to approximately 81% as of December 31, 2024. See
Note 6, Variable Interest Entity for further details.

These consolidated
financial statements refer to the mining operations of the Company, conducted through RTMD, at Round Top Mountain in Texas (Round
Top) and the Companys research and development facility in Colorado as the Round Top Project. RTMD has mining
rights in Texas and is developing processing technology for the rare earth minerals which are to be mined in Texas. 

On February 12, 2024, the Company filed IRS Form
8832 (Entity Classification Election or CTB Election) to be classified as a corporation for federal tax purposes effective
February 12, 2024 (the Conversion). The Conversion is intended to simplify the tax organizational structure of the Company
and expand the investor base. Company Management also believes the elimination of the complexities of Schedule K-1 reporting will significantly
reduce the administrative burden, complexity, and cost of tax reporting and compliance obligations of the Company and the holders of USARE
shares/units. Effective as of February 11, 2024, pursuant to the Sixth Amended and Restated Operating
Agreement, the holders of the Units will hold the same class of equity (Class A, Class B, Class C, Class C-1 Units, and Incentive
Units) or other securities (i.e., Class B and Class C Warrants) in the corporation. All holders of Units will be deemed to have received
stock in the corporation with substantially similar terms to the Units of the Company.

On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into a
merger agreement (the Merger Agreement) with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (IPXX), a special purpose
acquisition company and IPXX Merger Sub (Merger Sub), a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of IPXX. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving
company (the Merger). In connection with the closing of the Merger, IPXX will change its name to USA Rare Earth,
Inc. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Companys existing equity holders will convert 100% of their equity ownership
stakes into the combined company and are expected to own approximately 84% (excluding the affiliates of IPXX) of the post-combination
company upon consummation of the Merger, excluding any IPXX investors who do not choose to redeem their shares. The Merger is expected
to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to the receipt of required approvals from IPXX shareholders and fulfilment of other customary
closing conditions.

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, the Company and certain accredited investors, including certain funds related to IPXX entered into Securities
Purchase Agreements to purchase (i) USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Shares/Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants
for gross cash proceeds of $25.5 million and a subscription receivable of $1.25 million.

F-8

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), which contemplates
continuation of the Company as a going concern and the continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company has generated no revenues since inception, continues to incur losses from operations, and
has an accumulated deficit. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a net loss of $16.4 million and $8.5 million,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company used $13.0 million and $21.9 million cash in operating activities,
respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to fund its operations and execute its business
plan through one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued.

The Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2024 of $16.8 million, along with the subsequent financing of approximately $15.0 million that closed in February 2025,
will not be sufficient to implement its strategic business plan. The Company will need to raise substantial additional funds to complete
its strategic plans, which include capital investments related to the Phase 1 magnet plant. Based on its available cash resources and
current business plan, there is substantial doubt regarding the Companys ability to continue as a going concern for the 12 months
following the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.

The Companys ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to raise capital to implement its business plan, generate sufficient revenues, and to control operating
expenses. The Company expects to raise additional capital through the issuance of debt and/or equity. However, there is no guarantee that
any of these strategic or financing opportunities will be executed or realized on favorable terms, if at all. As a result, the Company
has concluded that managements plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going
concern for the 12 months following the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are expressed in U.S. dollars. These financial statements have been prepared on a
basis that assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current years presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. An adjustment
has been made to the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, to reclassify
certain mineral interests.

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company, as well as its wholly-owned subsidiaries and VIEs for which it is the primary beneficiary. All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

F-9

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting period. The amounts that involve significant estimates include equity-based compensation, asset
and liability valuations, certain equity issuances, and other fair value estimates reported. The assumptions used in calculating
fair value represent our best estimates. However, these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. As a
result, if factors change or we use different assumptions, any gain or loss recognized using estimates could be materially different.

Risks
and Uncertainties 

The Company
operates in two related industries, magnet technology and mining, both of which are subject to intense competition, development risk, and
changes in U.S. governmental policies related to green energy, defense spending, and dependence on foreign suppliers. The Companys operations
are subject to significant risk and uncertainties, including financial and operational risks, as well as the potential risk of business
failure. 

The magnet
technology industry is still in its infancy in the U.S., and thus its technology, processes, and capabilities are still being developed.
The magnet facility requires substantial capital commitment to complete, and there may be unanticipated costs or delays associated with
its construction. The Companys plans for producing magnets are based on certain estimates and assumptions made
about the business over the next few years, including the ability to obtain the equipment and materials needed to produce magnets
from third party vendors on a timely basis. Some of the requisite equipment and materials may be
difficult to obtain, and there can be no assurance that they will be procured on time, or that their procurement will not be delayed due
to circumstances beyond the Companys control. Due to rapidly rising demand, there is also a risk that substitute products will
become available and reduce the need for the type of high-performance magnet currently in use.

USARE has
not yet established that Round Top contains any commercially exploitable quantities of proven and probable mineral reserves, nor can there
be any assurance that USARE will be able to do so. Even if the Company does eventually establish commercially exploitable quantities of
mineral reserves, there can be no assurance that Round Top can be developed into a producing mine or that the Company can extract those
minerals economically. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree of risk, and few properties which are explored are
ultimately developed into producing mines. The commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on several factors
including the size, grade, and other attributes of the mineral deposit, as well as proximity of said deposits to infrastructure, government
regulation, market prices, and so on. Most of these factors will be beyond the Companys control, and any of them could increase costs
and make extraction of any identified mineral deposits unprofitable.

Cash
and cash equivalents

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash deposits. The Company
considers cash equivalents to be highly liquid investments, including U.S. treasury and agency securities purchased with original maturities
of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Management considers the risk of loss to be minimal.

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and
liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, cash and cash equivalents
consisted of $16.8 million and $13.2 million, respectively, of funds held in bank and investment accounts with financial institutions
in the United States.

The Company continually monitors its cash positions
with the financial institutions through which it invests. The Company maintains balances in various U.S. financial institutions in excess
of U.S. federally insured limits. 

F-10

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Deferred
Offering Costs

Deferred offering costs consist of direct legal,
advisory, and other fees related to the Merger Agreement, and related transactions as described in Note 1 Organization.
These costs are capitalized as incurred and they are presented as part of current assets in the Companys consolidated balance sheets
and totaled $5.1 million and $73 thousand as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Upon the completion of the Merger
Agreement, deferred offering costs directly related to the issuance of shares will be netted against the proceeds from the Merger and
recorded as an offset in members/shareholders equity.

Changes
in Ownership Interest Without Loss of Control

Changes in a parents ownership interest
that do not result in a change in control of the subsidiary that is a business are accounted for as equity transactions (i.e., no gain
or loss is recognized in earnings) and in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) ASC 810 - Consolidation.
The carrying amount of the non-controlling interest (NCI) is adjusted to reflect the change in the NCIs ownership
interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the NCI is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration received
is attributed to shareholders/members equity and recognized in additional paid-in capital (APIC).

Fair Value 

U.S. GAAP defines fair value as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date (exit price), and establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value using the following definitions
(from highest to lowest priority):

Level 1 Unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.

Level 2 Observable
inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly,
including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data by correlation or
other means.

Level 3 Prices
or valuation techniques requiring inputs that are both significant to the fair-value measurement and unobservable.

To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are
less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment
exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. A financial instruments
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

See additional information in Note 3, Fair Value Measurements.

Long-Lived
Assets

In accordance
with ASC 360-10 - Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, the Company periodically reviews the carrying value of its long-lived
assets, such as property, plant and equipment, mineral interests and equipment deposits, to test whether current events or circumstances
indicate that such carrying value may not be recoverable. When impairment indicators are identified, a recoverability analysis
is performed by comparing estimated future net cash flows with the carrying value and future obligations on an undiscounted basis.
If an assets carrying value exceeds such estimated cash flows, the Company would record an impairment loss for the difference between
the assets carrying amount and its fair value. Where estimates of future net cash flows are not determinable and where other
conditions indicate the potential for impairment, management uses available market information and/or third-party valuation experts to
assess if the carrying value can be recovered and to estimate fair value.

F-11

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company did not record impairment related
to long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Property,
Plant, and Equipment

Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost,
less accumulated depreciation. Advance payments of equipment not yet received are recorded as equipment deposits on the consolidated balance
sheets. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets of 3-15 years
for lab equipment, 10-20 years for magnet plant equipment, and 20-30 years for buildings and land improvements. Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. Depreciation commences once the asset is ready
for its intended use. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation, is removed from
the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The costs of normal maintenance, repairs, and
minor replacements are expensed as incurred.

Mineral Properties and Evaluation and Exploration Costs

Mining property acquisition costs, including indirectly
related acquisition costs, are capitalized when incurred. The cost of mining properties is included in mineral interests on the Companys
consolidated balance sheets. Acquisition costs include cash consideration and the fair market value of shares/units issued as consideration.
Evaluation and exploration costs are expensed as incurred. When it is determined that a mining deposit can be economically and legally
extracted or produced based on established proven and probable reserves under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K, development costs incurred
after such determination will be considered for capitalization. The establishment of proven and probable reserves is based on results
of feasibility studies, which indicate whether a property is economically feasible. The Company also capitalizes the cost for Value Beyond
Proven and Probable (VBPP) reserves when it acquires the rights to mining properties. Upon commencement of commercial production,
capitalized costs will be amortized over their estimated useful lives or units of production, whichever is a more reliable measure. Capitalized
amounts relating to a property that is abandoned or otherwise considered uneconomic for the foreseeable future are written off.

The recoverability of the carrying values of mining
properties is dependent upon economic reserves being discovered or developed on the properties. Development and/or start-up of a project
will depend on, among other things, managements ability to raise sufficient capital for these purposes.

The Company assesses the carrying value of mining
properties for impairment whenever information or circumstances indicate the potential for impairment. This would include events and circumstances
such as the inability to obtain all the necessary permits, changes in the legal status of mining properties, government actions, the results
of exploration activities and technical evaluations, and changes in economic conditions, including the price of commodities or input prices.

Leases

At the inception of an arrangement, the Company
determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present. Operating lease liabilities
and their corresponding right-of-use (ROU) assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected
lease term. The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable. As such, the Company utilizes its incremental
borrowing rate, which is the rate incurred to borrow, on a collateralized basis over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments
in a similar economic environment. Certain adjustments to the ROU assets may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid
or incentives received. Leases with a term of 12 months or less and/or a purchase option that is
not expected to be exercised are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets.

F-12

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Effective
June 30, 2023, the Company elected to change its method of accounting for lease and non-lease components. Previously, the Company elected
the practical expedient upon adoption of ASC 842, - Leases to not separate non-lease components from lease components and instead
account for each separate lease component and non-lease component associated with that lease component as a single lease component. The
new method of accounting allocates the consideration paid separately to lease and non-lease components. Under the new accounting policy,
these non-lease component costs are recorded as lease expense when paid rather than capitalized to the ROU asset and recognized over the
lease term. The new accounting policy more accurately aligns the non-lease component costs with the period in which they were incurred.
In accordance with ASC 250-10, - Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, the cumulative effect of the change in accounting policy
was applied to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as of January 1, 2023, with an offsetting adjustment recorded to the accumulated
deficit of approximately $39 thousand. 

The Company
recognizes lease expense for its leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recognizes variable lease payments in
the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are initially
measured using the index or rate at the commencement date. 

Derivatives

The Company
analyzed the conversion feature of its note payable for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815-15 Derivatives
and Hedging. ASC 815-15 requires that the conversion features are bifurcated and separately accounted for as an embedded
derivative contained in a convertible note. The embedded derivative is carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Any unrealized change
in fair value, as determined at each measurement period, is recorded as a component of the income statement and the associated carrying
amount on the balance sheet is adjusted by the change. See Note 11 Note Payable for further details
of the Companys note payable.

Government Grants 

Because there is no specific guidance under U.S.
GAAP that addresses the recognition and measurement of government assistance received by non-government entities, the Company accounts
for government assistance by analogy to IAS 20, Accounting for Government Grants. The guidance within IAS 20 allows companies to choose
between two options for how the associated profit or loss relating to the deferred income over the life of an underlying asset will be
presented for grants related to assets. The Company has elected to account for these grants through profit and loss over the depreciable
life of the underlying assets. The guidance within IAS 20 also allows companies to choose between two options of accounting for grants
related to income. The Company has elected to report this category of grants as a reduction in the related expenses. See Note 15 Government
Grants for further details of the Companys government grants.

Warrants

The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified
or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrants specific terms pursuant to the guidance of ASC 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The assessment considers whether the warrants
are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, all of the Companys outstanding
warrants were equity-classified.

Equity-Based
Compensation 

The Company expenses equity-based compensation
to employees and non-employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. The fair value of stock-based compensation
awards is measured at the date of grant and amortized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, with a
corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the fair
value of awards granted.

F-13

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

In the case of a share-based compensation award
that is either cancelled or forfeited prior to vesting, the amortized expense associated with the unvested awards is reversed. The Company
has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. See Note 14, Equity-Based Compensation for further information regarding
stock-based compensation expense and the assumptions used in estimating the expense.

Dividends

As the Company
has an accumulated deficit, dividends are recorded as a reduction to additional paid in capital. Once additional paid-in capital is reduced
to zero, dividends are recorded against accumulated deficit. Paid-in-kind dividends are recorded at estimated fair value in
accordance with ASC 845, Nonmonetary Transactions.

Loss per Share/Unit

The Company has two classes of common shares/units
referred to as Class A common and Class B common. Basic and diluted net loss per common share/unit is presented in conformity
with the two-class method required for participating securities. Undistributed losses are allocated based on the contractual participation
rights of holders of Class A common and Class B common. As the two classes of common shares/units share equally in the residual net assets,
the undistributed losses are allocated on a proportionate basis. The Company reports both basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic
earnings per share is calculated based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding for each class of common shares/units and
excludes the dilutive effect of warrants and incentive units. Diluted earnings per share is calculated based on the weighted average number
of shares outstanding for each class of common shares/units and the dilutive effect of warrants and incentive units are included in the
calculation. Securities are excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation if their effect is anti-dilutive, such as in periods
where a net loss has been reported.

Variable Interest Entities

We assess our investments and other significant
relationships to determine whether we have a variable interest in any legal entities and whether or not those entities are VIEs. A VIE
is an entity with insufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support
or in which equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. If an entity is determined to be a VIE, the
Company evaluates whether it is the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary analysis is a qualitative analysis based on power and
economics. We conclude that we are the primary beneficiary and consolidate the VIE if we have both (i) the power to direct the activities
of the VIE that most significantly influence the VIEs economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right
to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under an
asset-and-liability approach. Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between assets and liabilities recognized
for tax and financial reporting purposes measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are
expected to reverse, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits. Valuation allowances are provided when necessary to reduce net
deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against
its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2024. In addition, and given the Companys cumulative losses, no current income tax
benefit has been recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The Companys policy is to include interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits within the Companys provision for income taxes.

F-14

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted

In November 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Disaggregation of Income Statement
Expenses. The ASU requires additional disclosures by disaggregating the costs and expense line items that are presented on the face
of the income statement. The disaggregation includes: (i) amounts of purchased inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, amortization,
and other related costs and expenses; (ii) an explanation of costs and expenses that are not disaggregated on a quantitative basis; and
(iii) the definition and total amount of selling expenses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and
interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The ASU should be applied prospectively.
Retrospective application is permitted for all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting this ASU on our financial reporting disclosures.

On March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted a new set of
rules that require a wide range of climate-related disclosures, including material climate-related risks, information on any climate-related
targets or goals that are material to the registrants business, results of operations or financial condition, Scope 1 and Scope
2 greenhouse gas emissions on a phased-in basis by certain larger registrants when those emissions are material and the filing of an attestation
report covering the same, and disclosure of the financial statement effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions including
costs and losses. Compliance dates under the final rule are phased in by registrant category. Multiple lawsuits have been filed challenging
the SECs new climate rules, which have been consolidated and will be heard in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
On April 4, 2024, the SEC issued an order staying the final rules until judicial review is complete. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the final rules on its disclosures.

In March 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-01, Compensation
- Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards, which improves current GAAP by adding
an illustrative example to demonstrate how an entity should apply the scope guidance to determine whether a profits interest award should
be accounted for in accordance with Topic 718. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, including
interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated
financial statements.

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which is intended to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of
income tax disclosures. The amendments in this standard provide for enhanced income tax information primarily through changes to the rate
reconciliation and income taxes paid. This ASU is effective for the Company prospectively to all annual periods beginning after December
15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its disclosures.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No.
2023-07Segment Reporting (Topic 280)Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07).
The amendments in ASU 2023-07 improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about segment
expenses. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2023 and is to be adopted retrospectively
to all prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The adoption of ASU 2023-07 did not have a material effect
on our consolidated financial statements.

F-15

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 3. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The following tables present the Companys financial instruments
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2024 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 

Assets: 

Money market funds $ 15,709 $ - $ - $ 15,709 

Total assets, measured at fair value $ 15,709 $ - $ - $ 15,709 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liability $ - $ - $ 1,164 $ 1,164 

Total liabilities, measured at fair value $ - $ - $ 1,164 $ 1,164 

As of December 31, 2023 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 

Assets: 

Money market funds $ 11,080 $ - $ - $ 11,080 

Investments 40 - - 40 

Total assets, measured at fair value $ 11,120 $ - $ - $ 11,120 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liability $ - $ - $ 420 $ 420 

Total liabilities, measured at fair value $ - $ - $ 420 $ 420 

Money market funds are valued at cost, which
approximates fair value. These amounts are included on the consolidated balance sheets in cash and cash equivalents at December
31, 2024 and 2023.

The balances of assets and liabilities categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy measured at fair value on a recurring basis are reconciled, as follows:

Convertible

subscription Derivative liability Total 

Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 20,240 $ - $ 20,240 

Issuance of convertible note - 446 446 

Change in estimated fair value (16,848 ) (26 ) (16,874 )

Conversion of convertibe subscription to common units (3,392 ) - (3,392 )

Balance at December 31, 2023 - 420 420 

Change in estimated fair value - 744 744 

Balance at December 31, 2024 $ - $ 1,164 $ 1,164 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN SEARCH MINERALS, INC.

In February 2021, the Company purchased 9,000,000
shares of common stock of Search Minerals Inc. (Search) for a price of $0.07 CDN per share ($0.5 million USD). In August
2021, the Company exercised warrants for 4,500,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.10 CDN per share ($0.4 million USD). Search is a
Canadian junior mining company with a deposit composition that complements the Companys Round Top deposit. 

The Company owned 13,500,000 shares of Search
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

The Company currently owns less than 5% of the
total outstanding shares in Search. The investment in Search is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC 321 - Investments
Equity Securities because it is an equity investment with a readily determinable fair value, as Search is a public company,
which is a Level 1 fair value measurement. 

F-16

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

As of December 31, 2023, based on its publicly
traded share price, the Search shares of common stock were worth $40 thousand. On April 8, 2024, Search received a British Columbia Securities
Commission cease trade order (CTO) for failure to file audited annual consolidated financial statements and MD&A for
the years ended November 30, 2023 and 2022. Since the CTO, the average daily trading volume of Search common stock has been less than
four thousand shares on the over-the-counter market (OTC) and as of December 31, 2024, the CTO remains in effect. Due to
the low trading volume and level of activity of the Search shares of common stock on OTC, the Company does not believe it will be able
to sell its shares on the OTC. Based on the facts and circumstances, the Company determined the OTC stock price is no longer representative
of the fair value of its Search shares of common stock and recorded an impairment charge of $0.4 million for the year ended December
31,2024. Prior to the impairment, the Company had recorded a gain of $0.4 million and a loss of $0.9 million for the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

NOTE 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

Property, plant, and equipment, net is comprised of the following
(in thousands):

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Land $ 707 $ 707 

Land improvements 403 403 

Construction in progress - Buildings 15,739 14,634 

Construction in progress - Magnet plant equipment 10,036 7,970 

Lab equipment 500 500 

Leasehold improvements 346 372 

Furniture and fixtures - 107 

Property, plant and equipment, gross $ 27,731 $ 24,693 

Less: Accumulated depreciation (1,202 ) (1,014 )

Property, plant and equipment, net $ 26,529 $ 23,679 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023 was $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively.

NOTE 6. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY

Round Top Mountain Development

On May 17, 2021, RTMD, the Company, and TMRC
entered into a limited liability company agreement that governs the business and affairs of RTMD. On May 17, 2021, RTMD, the Company,
and TMRC also entered into a contribution agreement, whereby USARE and TMRC contributed certain assets and assigned certain liabilities
to RTMD and USARE acquired 80% of the equity interests of RTMD.

Effective June 26, 2023, RTMD, the Company and
TMRC entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement of RTMD pursuant to which, in the event that TMRC does
not fund its share of mandatory capital contributions called for by USARE as the manager of RTMD, USARE is obligated to cover the shortfall
by making additional capital contributions to RTMD (or in the event that USARE does not fund, the capital call will be withdrawn). If
USARE does fund the capital contribution, additional equity interests in RTMD will be issued to USARE and TMRC will be proportionally
diluted in accordance with the terms of the amended and restated limited liability company agreement. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
TMRCs interest in RTMD had been reduced to 19.43% and 19.60%, respectively, as a result of failing to fund calls for mandatory
cash contributions. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for the Companys accounting policy related
to VIEs.

As of December 31, 2024, the Companys
ownership interest in RTMD is 80.57%.

F-17

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Companys consolidated financial statements
include assets and liabilities associated with RTMD. The following were recorded in the Companys consolidated balance sheets (amounts
in thousands):

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 66 $ 1,233 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 178 205 

Lease right-of-use asset 30 130 

Mineral interests 17,125 16,901 

Property, plant and equipment, net 264 371 

Other assets 20 20 

Consolidated assets $ 17,683 $ 18,860 

Accounts payable $ 42 $ 128 

Accrued liabilities 141 150 

Lease liability 22 132 

Consolidated liabilities $ 205 $ 410 

RTMD did not record depletion expense for the
Mineral interests for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

RTMDs creditors have no recourse against
the Company for the RTMD consolidated liabilities included within the Companys consolidated balance sheets as of December 31,
2024 and 2023.

The assets of the consolidated VIE can only be
used to settle the obligations of the consolidated VIE and not the obligations of the Company.

Mineral Interests

The Company acquired two mineral rights leases
along with an associated groundwater lease in Hudspeth County, Texas as part of the acquisition of RTMD. Mineral property acquisition
costs, including acquired intangibles, licenses and lease payments, are capitalized. The net carrying value of the mineral rights were
$17.1 million and $16.9 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Impairment losses are recorded on mineral interests
when indicators of impairment are present and the carrying amount exceeds the associated estimated future undiscounted cash flows. As
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had not recognized any impairment losses related to mineral interests held.

NOTE 7. ACCRUED LIABILITIES

A summary of the Companys accrued liabilities (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Accrued payroll and related $ 1,908 $ 2,900 

Accrued legal liabilities 573 - 

Accrued other liabilities 590 1,859 

Total accrued liabilities $ 3,071 $ 4,759 

F-18

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Potential Future Environmental Contingency

The Companys planned exploration and development
activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These laws and
regulations are continually changing and generally have become more restrictive. The Company will conduct its operations to protect public
health and the environment and believes that its current engineering operations are materially in compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations. While the Companys mining activities are not yet operational, the Company has made, and expects to make in the
future, expenditures to comply with all local and federal environmental laws and regulations. The ultimate amount of reclamation and
other future site-restoration costs to be incurred for future mining interests is unknown and uncertain at December 31, 2024.

Litigation

From time to time, the Company may become subject
to legal proceedings, claims or litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the Company may receive notices alleging
infringement of patents or other intellectual property rights. If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in litigation, the impact could
be material to the Companys business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations, depending on the specific circumstances
of the outcome. The Company accrues loss contingencies when it is both probable that the Company will incur the loss and when it can
reasonably estimate the amount of the loss or range of loss.

On February 23, 2024, the Company entered into
a confidential settlement agreement with a former financial advisor which includes cash payments to be completed by December 1, 2024
and the option to exercise Convertible Preferred Class B and Class C warrants within 5 years from the date of delivery. As of December
31,2024, both of these obligations have been met.

A complaint was filed in Delaware Chancery Court
by Ramco Asset Management, LLC (Ramco), US Trading Company Metals RE, LLC, and Dinsha Dynasty Trust (collectively,
the Plaintiffs) on July 29, 2022 against USA Rare Earth, LLC (USA Rare Earth),
Morzev Pty Ltd., Mordechai Gutnick ATF the Morzev Trust, Mordechai Gutnick, and Pini Althaus (collectively, the Defendants),
captioned Ramco Asset Management, LLC v. USA Rare Earth, LLC, C.A. No. 2022-0665-SG (as amended, the Complaint). In
connection with this matter and a disagreement regarding the number of units of USA Rare Earth that were issued to the Plaintiffs in
transactions during 2019, the Complaint alleged causes of action for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of the Corporations
Act (Australia), fraud and misrepresentation, and breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing. The Complaint seeks a variety of
relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, curative equity, attorneys fees and expenses and other relief as may be granted
by the court. USA Rare Earth thereafter filed a motion to dismiss Plaintiffs claims. After motion practice and argument,
the court dismissed all claims, except for Ramcos alleged breach of contract claim and alleged breach of good faith and fair dealing
as asserted against USA Rare Earth. The remaining plaintiff has not quantified its alleged damages. Ramco and USA Rare Earth are now
engaged in discovery, with trial scheduled for November 2025. USA Rare Earth intends to contest this matter vigorously.

Transaction Bonuses

The Company has agreements with certain individuals
and entities that would require a payment of cash in the event of a change in control transaction or qualifying equity financing, as
defined by the applicable agreement. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has agreements in place regarding the potential payment of
up to $4.1 million in cash and $0.2 million of restricted stock units related to transaction bonuses, if payment is triggered
by the occurrence of any of the defined events. The Company has currently determined to pay up to $2.6 million in cash and $0.2
million of restricted stock units upon the consummation of the Merger pursuant to the applicable agreements. No amounts have been accrued
for these transaction bonuses as of December 31, 2024 or December 31, 2023 as they were not deemed to be probable until the qualifying
transaction has been consummated.

F-19

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 9. LEASES

The Company has operating leases for a regional
office in Sierra Blanca, Texas, which expires May 1, 2025 and Wheat Ridge, Colorado, which expires March 31, 2025. Right-of-use assets
and lease liabilities for operating leases were recorded in the balance sheets as follows (amounts in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Right-of-use asset, net $ 30 $ 489 

Lease liability, current $ 23 $ 452 

Lease liability, non-current - 21 

Total operating lease liabilities $ 23 $ 473 

Maturity analysis under the lease agreements
for operating leases is as follows (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2024: Operating

Leases 

2025 $ 23 

Thereafter - 

Total lease payments 23 

Less current portion (23 )

Long-term lease obligations $ - 

The following table presents certain information
related to lease terms and discount rates:

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 0.29 1.14 

Weighted-average discount rate 8.76 % 7.56 %

Operating lease liabilities are based on the
net present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments,
the Company used its incremental borrowing rate estimated at the date of each lease commencement. 

Lease expense for operating leases recorded in
the consolidated statements of operations included in general and administrative expenses is based on the future minimum lease payments
recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease costs were $162 thousand and $437 thousand for the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

NOTE 10. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The Company has established 401(k) tax-deferred savings plans (the 401(k) Plans), which permit participants to make contributions
by salary deduction pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company is responsible for the administrative costs
of the 401(k) Plans. The Company makes Safe-Harbor matching contributions and may, at its discretion, make additional matching contributions
to the 401(k) Plans. The Company contributed $128 thousand and $153 thousand in matching contributions to the 401(k) Plans for the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

F-20

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 11. NOTE PAYABLE

On July 28, 2023, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Hatch
LTD (Hatch) entered into an unsecured $1.0 million Senior Convertible Promissory Note agreement (the Note)
with a 10% interest rate, which will mature on July 28, 2025. Total interest of $200 thousand is payable at maturity. A Side Letter and
Memorandum of Understanding, signed contemporaneously with the Note, provides for potential issuances of an aggregate amount of $4.0
million in additional Notes in two additional tranches. 

The conversion option can be triggered under
the following four scenarios;

Qualified
financing Capital issuance of at least $100 million. Upon the occurrence of a qualified
financing, the principal and unpaid accrued interest under the Note will automatically convert,
with the Company having the option to pay accrued interest in cash, to a number of securities
equal to the outstanding balance divided by the lesser of: (i) discount of 80% times the
per unit purchase price paid in the qualified financing, and (ii) the valuation cap of $600
million divided by the fully diluted capitalization just prior to closing.

Non-qualified
financing Any capital issuance by the Company that does not constitute a qualified
financing. Upon the occurrence of a non-qualified financing, the principal and unpaid accrued
interest may be paid in full or converted, at Hatchs option, to a number of securities
equal to the outstanding balance divided by the lesser of: (i) discount of 80% times the
per unit purchase price paid in the non-qualified financing, and (ii) the valuation cap of
$600 million divided by the fully diluted capitalization just prior to closing; however,
should the non-qualified financing be consummated based upon a post-money valuation of the
Company of less than the valuation cap of $600 million, the conversion will be subject to
the Companys written consent.

Fundamental
conversion A sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the Companys assets or exclusive license to all or substantially all of the Companys
material intellectual property, a merger or consolidation with another entity, or a transfer
of equity of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities. The principal and unpaid
and accrued interest may be paid in full or converted, at Hatchs option, to a number
of securities equal to the outstanding balance divided by the quotient of the valuation cap
of $600 million divided by the fully diluted capitalization just prior to closing.

Maturity
conversion Conversion at maturity. The principal and unpaid accrued interest may
be paid in full or converted, at Hatchs option, to a number of securities equal to
the outstanding balance divided by the quotient of the valuation cap of $600 million divided
by the fully diluted capitalization just prior to closing.

The Company determined the conversion feature
of the Note was considered an embedded derivative in accordance with ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging-Embedded Derivatives.
A fair value analysis and valuation was completed by a third-party specialist as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 to determine the fair
value of the derivative. Based upon these valuation, the Companys derivative liability as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $1.2
million and $420 thousand, respectively. Management reviews the valuation of the embedded derivative periodically to ensure no material
change has occurred during the interim reporting period. Changes to the fair value are recognized as fair market gains or losses in other
income and expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

A discount of $446 thousand on the Note was recorded
as an offset to the initial recognition of the compound embedded derivative and will be recognized as interest expense over the remaining
life of the Note. Interest expense recognized from the discount on the Note for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was approximately
$211 thousand and $66 thousand, respectively. An additional $100 thousand and $43 thousand was recognized for the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for the stated interest on the Note. The effective interest rate of the Note is 44.875%.

The unsecured convertible note is presented as
follows as of December 31, 2024 (in thousands):

Principal amount $ 1,000 

Unamortized discount for proceeds allocated to embedded derivative liability 169 

Total unsecured convertible note, net $ 831 

F-21

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The unsecured convertible note, net, is classified
as a current liability in the Companys consolidated balance sheets.

As of December 31, 2024, the Companys contractual
maturity of the principal balance of the unsecured Convertible Note was as follows (in thousands):

2025 $ 1,000 

NOTE 12. CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

On June 30, 2022, the Company entered into a
Convertible Promissory Subscription Agreement (the CPSA) with JI ILHO JOHAP. The Subscription closed on July 29, 2022 for
$20.2 million and was convertible into the Companys common shares/units upon the occurrence of specific events, including the next equity
financing transaction or corporate transaction, as defined, or upon maturity. The CPSA had an original stated maturity date of December
30, 2022.

The CPSA liability was recorded at fair value
in accordance with ASC 480, as the instrument obligates the Company to issue a variable number of shares/units upon conversion. The fair
value was remeasured each reporting period, and any changes in fair value were recognized in earnings.

The CPSA had a conversion price equal to the
per unit price paid in the next equity financing or a per unit price paid to the holders of Class A Shares/Units in the event of a corporate
transaction, and in the event of maturity, the liability would convert into Class A shares/units at a fixed price per unit of $5.50.

The CPSA was amended on December 30, 2022 to
extend the maturity date of the Subscription to March 30, 2023. All other terms remained unchanged.

The fair value of the liability was determined
using the fixed monetary value of the CPSA and fell under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820. The significant inputs used
in the fair value measurement included probability estimates for each settlement alternative and the settlement fair value for each alternative.

A third amendment was executed on March 30, 2023,
to extend the maturity date of the CPSA to August 31, 2023. All other terms remained unchanged. Therefore, the fair value remained the
same since the inputs to the fair value determination did not significantly change.

A fourth amendment was executed on August 31,
2023, to extend the maturity date by eight more days to September 8, 2023, and added a conversion provision linked with an investment
agreement with mutually agreeable terms. All other terms remained unchanged. At that point in time, the closing of the investment
transaction the Company was pursuing was considered to be the most likely outcome. Therefore, the CPSA Liability was remeasured on August
31, 2023 to a fair value of $3.2 million using the fixed monetary value of the CPSA weighted for probability estimates for each settlement
alternative and the settlement fair value for each alternative, resulting in a gain on remeasurement of $17.1 million in the third quarter
of 2024.

A fifth amendment was executed on September 8,
2023, to extend the maturity date from September 8, 2023 to October 30, 2023, and to change the conversion alternatives to be linked
with the investment transaction the Company was pursuing and the conversion shares/units to Class A Shares/Units only. All other terms
remained unchanged. The fair value remained the same since the weighted probabilities of settlement alternatives and the conversion price
used in the fair value determination did not change.

The Company and the CPSA investors consented
to convert the CPSA at the C-1 Round price per unit of $1.7302 into Class A Shares/Units effective October 15, 2023. When the conversion
agreement was reached between the parties, all other settlement alternatives were eliminated and the weighted probability inputs into
the fair value measurement were updated to reflect the one remaining settlement scenario. Therefore, the CPSA liability was remeasured
to a fair value of $3.4 million, resulting in a loss on remeasurement of $233 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2024. As a result of
the conversion, the Company issued 11,698,069 Class A Shares/Units recorded in shareholders/members equity at the estimated
fair value of $3.4 million.

F-22

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 13. MEZZANINE AND SHAREHOLDERS/MEMBERS EQUITY

Shares/Units Authorized 

The Company originally authorized 500,000,000
Class A Common Shares/Units and 500,000,000 Class B Common Shares/Units. On October 15, 2020, a majority-in-interest of the share/unit
holders approved the Second Amended and Restated Company Agreement that, among other things, authorized the issuance of 25,000,000 Class
C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units.

On March 3, 2021, a majority-in-interest of the
share/unit holders approved the Third Amended and Restated Company Agreement that, among other things, authorized the issuance of 50,000,000
Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units and set aside up to 75,000,000 of the previously authorized 500,000,000 Class B Common Shares/Units
to be issued upon optional or mandatory conversion of the Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units plus paid and accrued dividends.
The amended agreement also authorized the Company to issue the greater of 50,000,000 incentive shares/units or 10% of the total number
of shares/units of Class A Common issued and outstanding at any time, pursuant to the Incentive Plan. 

On November 2, 2022, a majority-in-interest of
the combined Class A, Class B, and Class C Convertible Preferred Shareholders/Members approved the Fourth Amended and Restated Company
Agreement, which among other things, authorized an increase in the number of Incentive Shares/Units that the Company could issue to 50,000,000,
pursuant to the Incentive Plan. The designations, rights, and preferences of the shares/units are determined in the Fourth Amended and
Restated Company Agreement.

On August 21, 2024, a majority-in-interest of
the combined Class A, Class B, Class C and Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Shareholders/Members approved the First Amendment to the Sixth
Amended and Restated Company Agreement, which among other things, authorized the issuance of 25,000,000 Class A-1 Convertible Preferred
Units and 25,000,000 Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, increased the Class A Convertible Preferred Units authorized for issuance
to 600,000,000 plus any additional Class A Units as would be necessary to allow for the conversion of Class A-1 and Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Units plus paid and accrued dividends.

Class A Common Shares/Units 

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were
206,520,542 Class A Common Shares/Units issued and outstanding.

The Company from time-to-time issues Class A
Common Shares/Units as compensation. On November 4, 2022, the Company hired a new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and member
of its Board of Managers, commencing December 1, 2022. As part of the CEOs employment agreement, the Board of Managers authorized
917,263 Class A Common Shares/Units to be issued as compensation, with an estimated fair value of $0.6 million. The Class A Common Shares/Units
issued to the CEO vested over a 3-year period beginning January 2, 2023, subject to the grantees continuing employment. On November
8, 2023, the Class A Common Shares/Units issued to the CEO were modified to vest two-thirds in two years and the remaining one third
in three years. The Class A Common Shares/Units provided for accelerated vesting upon a change in control of the Company.

With respect to the Class A Common Shares/Units
issued to the CEO, none were vested as of December 31, 2023. The CEOs employment agreement was terminated effective March 16,
2024, and as part of the separation agreement, all remaining unvested Class A Common Shares/Units were forfeited.

F-23

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Class B Common Shares/Units 

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were
20,778,672 Class B Common Shares/Units issued and outstanding.

Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred
Shares/Units

On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into
Securities Purchase Agreements to issue Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Units together with Class A Purchase Warrants for gross
cash proceeds of $25.5 million and a subscription receivable of $1.25 million at a price per unit of $10.20. The financing comprises:

1,176,471
Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, 1,446,078 Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units,
and 3,000,000 Class A Purchase Warrants were issued in exchange for gross cash proceeds of
$25.5 million and a subscription receivable of $1.25 million.

The
Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Units accrue dividends (whether or not declared)
at the rate per annum of 12% of the Original Issue Price plus the amount of previously accrued
dividends, compounded quarterly and paid semiannually. Dividends are paid, at the sole discretion
of the Company, in cash or Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, but not
in combination. If the Company pays the dividends in cash, the amount paid will be as if
the rate per annum were 10% in lieu of the 12%.

In
accordance with the First Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Company Agreement,
the Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Units may be converted into Class A Convertible
Preferred Units at any time on a 1:1 basis, subject to normal dilution provisions. The Class
A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Units will mandatorily convert into shares of Series A
Preferred Stock of New USARE on a one for one (1:1) basis, subject to normal dilution provisions
upon Closing of the Merger.

If
the Merger is not closed within 12 months of the date of the Business Combination Agreement
and the delay is reasonably deemed to be due to factors within the Companys control,
the Class A-2 investors have the option to require the Company to repurchase 100% of the
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, including all dividends paid in Class A-2 Units or
accrued but unpaid at the Original Issue Price.

A delay in the Business Combination beyond the
12-month deadline, where the delay is reasonably deemed to be due to factors within the Companys control, could cause the shares
to be redeemable at the option of the investing shareholder. The A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units were determined by Management
to be temporary equity classified in accordance with ASC 480-10-S99-3A- Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity because the redemption
feature of such shares is not solely within the control of the Company since, among other things, the option to exercise the redemption
right is held by the shareholder and not the Company. Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units and Class A Purchase Warrants were determined
to be equity classified. As such, none of the instruments are required to be remeasured at fair value. Accordingly, a relative fair value
method was applied to allocate the proceeds between the three instruments as follows (in thousands):

Instrument Amount 

Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units $ 9,052 

Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units 11,415 

Class A Purchase Warrants 6,283 

Total $ 26,750 

Dividends 

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the
Company issued 52,245 and 64,219 Convertible Preferred A-1 and A-2 Shares/Units, respectively, as dividends.

The Company is registered in Delaware, and Delaware
state law prohibits companies from issuing dividends when there is an accumulated deficit. This statutory prohibition does not apply
to the Companys in-kind distributions of Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units as these dividends serve as a re-allocation
of ownership interest (both assets and liabilities) between the shareholders/members, and not as a distribution of only assets from the
Company to the harm of its creditors or other owners.

F-24

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Liquidation Preference

The Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units
had a liquidation preference of $12.5 million and $15.4 million respectively as of December 31, 2024.

Class C and C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units

Class C Convertible Preferred: In March
2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with two U.S.-based companies to issue 32,157,309 Class C Convertible Preferred
Shares/Units at 1.7302 per share/unit for cash receipts of $51.0 million. The financing met the definition of a Qualified Transaction
under the Second Amended and Restated Company Agreement, and therefore, the outstanding Class B Convertible Preferred Shares/Units mandatorily
converted into Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units.

Class C-1 Convertible Preferred: During
2023, in accordance with the Fifth Amended and Restated Company Operating Agreement executed on September 1, 2023, the Company issued
7,688,335 Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units at 1.7302 per share/unit and received net proceeds of $13.1 million after paying
$0.2 million in related syndication costs to advisors.

Appointment of Manager

The Class C Convertible Preferred Share/Unit
holders have the right to appoint one individual designated by majority of the issued and outstanding holders of Class C Preferred Class
Shares/Units as the Series C Manager. The Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Share/Unit holders have the right to appoint one individual
nominated by the Board of Managers and approved by the C-1 Holders as the Series C-1 Manager.

Conversion 

The Class C and C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units
may be converted into Class B Common Shares/Units at any time on a 1:1 basis, subject to normal dilution provisions. The Class C and
C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units shall mandatorily convert into Class B Common Shares/Units upon the initial closing of a Qualifying
Transaction or the date and time, or the occurrence of an event, specified by vote or written consent of the Requisite Holders.

Dividends 

The Class C and C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units
receive an annual dividend of 8% payable quarterly and accruing on a 30-day month, 360-day year basis. Dividends are paid, at the sole
discretion of the Company, in cash, Class C and C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, or a combination of cash and Class C and C-1
Convertible Preferred Shares/Units. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company issued 3,636,480 and 659,135 Class C and C-1
Convertible Preferred Shares/Units as dividends, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued 3,346,432
and 172,751 Class C and Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units as dividends, respectively.

The Company is registered in Delaware, and Delaware
state law prohibits companies from issuing dividends when there is an accumulated deficit. This statutory prohibition does not apply
to the Companys in-kind distributions of Class C and C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units as these dividends serve as a re-allocation
of ownership interest (both assets and liabilities) between the shareholders/members, and not as a distribution of only assets from the
Company to the harm of its creditors or other owners.

F-25

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Liquidation Preference

The Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units
had a liquidation preference of $81.3 million and $75.0 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Shares/Units had a liquidation preference of $14.7 million and $13.6 million as of December 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Warrants

The Company has historically granted warrants
to acquire Class B Common Shares/Units and Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units. Additionally, in connection with the August 2024
issuance of Class A-1 and A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, the Company issued warrants to acquire Class A Common Shares/Units.
The Company accrues dividends on Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units that provide for a cumulative 8% quarterly compounded annual
dividend payable upon exercise of the warrant in additional shares/units.

Each warrant may be exercised voluntarily by
the holder from the day of issuance, subject to beneficial ownership limitations of 9.99% of the number of shares/units of common equity
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares/units of common equity issuable upon exercise of the warrants.
In the event that the Company offers equity securities, each warrant holder shall have a right of first refusal to purchase up to the
same percentage of such offering as such holder is entitled to via the warrants; this right will terminate upon an event of an initial
public offering. The warrants will be mandatorily exercised if the Company effects any merger, sale or other disposition of substantially
all of its assets, an initial public offering, other business combination, or a capital transaction in which the Company receives in
excess of $100 million in consideration at a pre money valuation of $1 billion and in which a closing requirement is the exercise of
the warrant.

Class A Common Warrants

On August 21, 2024, the Company granted warrants
to Class A-1 and A-2 Share/Unit holders to acquire 3.0 million Class A Common Shares/Units as part of the financing. The warrants have
an exercise price of $12.00 and an intrinsic value of $nil. The weighted average fair value for the warrants issued was approximately
$3.22 per warrant based on a valuation performed by an independent valuation company. The Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model
to value the warrants, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes pricing
model to determine the value of the warrants are as follows:

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

Expected volatility 78.93 %

Expected dividends 0.00 %

Risk Free interest rate 3.58 %

Expected term of warrants 5 years 

Class B Convertible Preferred Warrants

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had
8,315,146 warrants to acquire Class B Common Shares/Units at an exercise price of $0.24 and an intrinsic value of $16.0 million and $0.8
million, respectively.

Class C Convertible Preferred Warrants

In February 2024, the Company granted 888,246
warrants to acquire Class C Convertible Preferred Units as compensation for advisory services related to the sale and issuance of Class
C Convertible Preferred Units. Additionally, the Company accrues quarterly warrants to acquire Class C Convertible Preferred Units as
paid in kind dividends. The weighted average fair value for the warrants granted in February 2024 was approximately $0.69 per warrant
based on a valuation performed by an independent valuation company. The Company used the Black-Scholes pricing model to value the warrants,
which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The weighted-average assumptions used in determining the value of the warrants
were as follows:

F-26

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

Expected volatility 80.00 %

Expected dividends 0.00 %

Risk Free interest rate 3.89 %

Expected term of warrants 4 years 

The following table summarizes the activity related
to the warrants to acquire Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units as of December 31, 2024, and changes during the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2024 (intrinsic value in thousands): 

Shares/Units Weighted

Average

Exercise

Price Intrinsic

Value 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 927,127 $ 1.01 $ 1,462 

Dividends 46,916 1.73 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 974,043 $ 1.07 $ 599 

Issuance of warrants 888,246 0.99 

Dividends 87,213 1.73 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2024 1,949,502 $ 1.06 $ 1,956 

NOTE 14. EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION 

Incentive Shares/Units

The Company also has a program to issue incentive
shares/units under the Amended and Restated Incentive Plan dated May 1, 2020 and the Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan
dated August 26, 2022 and amended November 2, 2022 and February 10, 2024 (the Incentive Plan). The incentive shares/units
are intended to constitute profit interests within the meaning of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Revenue Procedures 93-27
and 2001-43 (or the corresponding requirements of any subsequent guidance promulgated by the IRS or other applicable law). The rights
and preferences of the incentive shares/units are defined in the respective incentive share/unit agreements. As of December 31, 2024,
there were 10.8 million shares/units available for future awards under the Incentive Plan.

The Company accounts for these equity-based compensation
awards in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718, - Compensation Stock Compensation. The guidance requires that the
cost of employee equity awards, as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements, be reflected in the consolidated financial statements
over the vesting period based on the estimated fair value of the awards. The incentive shares/units do not have an expiration date.

The Company utilized an independent valuation
company to estimate the fair value of the incentive shares/units granted during the year ended December 31, 2024 on a quarterly basis
and annually in prior years. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of incentive units granted was $0.78 and
$0.51, respectively. The Company recognizes the associated costs across the vesting period using the straight-line method. 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model
to value the incentive shares/units, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement requiring highly judgmental assumptions
including expected volatility. The expected volatility was estimated by taking the average historical price volatility for industry peers,
consisting of several public companies in our industry which are either similar in size, stage of life cycle, or financial leverage,
over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards. The assumptions used in determining the value of incentive shares/units
are as follows:

F-27

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Valuation assumptions 

Weighted-average expected volatility 67.05 % 81.95 %

Expected dividends - - 

Risk-free interest rate 4.2% - 4.34 % 3.89%-4.01 %

Expected term of incentive share/unit 1 - 5 Years 4 - 5 Years 

The following table summarizes the activity related
to the Incentive Shares/Units as of December 31, 2024, and changes during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024:

(Intrinsic value in thousands(1)) Shares/Units Weighted

Average

Distribution

Threshold Intrinsic

Value 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 35,917,032 $ 1.11 $ 20,516 

Grants 6,672,618 1.79 

Cancellations due to modification (4,700,000 ) 3.27 

New awards due to modifications 4,700,000 1.73 

Forfeitures (318,335 ) 1.73 

Outstanding at December 31, 2023 42,271,315 1.04 $ 7,753 

Grants 1,168,186 1.21 

Forfeitures (4,254,823 ) 1.62 

Outstanding at December 31, 2024 39,184,678 $ 0.97 $ 46,152 

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2024 39,184,678 $ 0.97 $ 46,152 

(1) The distribution threshold amount refers to the value that
would need to be exceeded before the holder would receive any consideration upon a liquidation event. The intrinsic value is calculated
based upon the fair value of the incentive shares/units as of the reported date.

Vesting Period of Incentive Shares/Units

The Company may utilize different vesting periods,
generally ranging from one year to three years, depending on the specifics of the grant. If there is a change in control, unless otherwise
expressly provided in the participants award agreement, the shares/units will become 100% vested and any restrictions and limitations
applicable to the participants incentive shares/units shall lapse and such incentive shares/units shall become fully transferable.

If any of the shares/units are forfeited prior
to vesting, the Company will reverse the associated compensation cost during the period in which the forfeiture occurs. 

Conversion of Incentive Shares/Units

Upon a qualified equity offering or a reorganization,
each incentive share/unit may be converted, effective as of immediately prior to the qualified equity offering or reorganization, as
applicable, into Company Class A Common Shares/Units, determined by reference to the liquidating value of the incentive share/unit relative
to the liquidating value of a Class A Common Share/Unit, as defined in the associated agreements.

F-28

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Incentive Share/Unit and Class A Common
Share/Unit Compensation Expense

The following table summarizes compensation expense
related to the Companys equity-based compensation (in thousands):

For the Years Ended

December 31, 

(In thousands) 2024 2023 

Incentive shares/units $ 1,963 $ 1,167 

Class A common shares/units (225 ) 207 

Total $ 1,738 $ 1,374 

The Class A common shares/units expense relates
to the issuance of Class A common shares/units as part of the Companys former CEOs employment agreement. See Note 13, Mezzanine
and Shareholders/Members Equity for further details. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company reversed $0.2
million of share-based compensation related to the grant of Class A Common Shares/Units issued to the former CEO upon forfeiture of the
unvested Class A Common Shares/Units.

Total unrecognized compensation expense related
to incentive shares/units was $0.24 million and $1.82 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is expected to be recognized
over 0.9 years and 1.3 years, respectively.

NOTE 15. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

The Company has government grants for the purchase
or construction of long-lived assets. The Company presents grants received related to long-lived assets as non-current deferred grants
liability on the consolidated balance sheets and recognizes revenue through profit or loss over the useful life of the underlying assets.

Tax Incremental Financing

On June 6, 2022, the Company executed a Tax Increment
Financing Agreement (the TIF Agreement) with the Stillwater Economic Development Authority (the Authority),
a public trust having as its beneficiary the City of Stillwater, Oklahoma (the City), whereby the Authority will provide
upfront development financing assistance to the Company of up to $7.0 million for the development of the Stillwater Facility (the Upfront
Assistance). Additionally, entry into the TIF Agreement made USARE eligible to receive a manufacturing and research and development
ad valorem tax exemption for a period of five years and thereafter requires the Authority to disburse to the Company 90% of the incremental
ad valorem taxes generated by the ad valorem taxes assessed against the Stillwater Facility and paid by the Company. Under the terms
of the TIF agreement, among other things, the Company is required to complete the Stillwater Facility and in doing so to make an investment
of approximately $140 million and to employ a specified number of employees at specified levels of median compensation at various stages
of the development. Subject to agreed extensions, USARE is also required to commence certain phases of the development of the Stillwater
Facility by no later than March 31, 2026 and complete that advanced development by no later than June 30, 2027. Should the Company default
on its obligations under the Stillwater Redevelopment Agreement, the Authority may terminate the agreement and make demand for immediate
repayment in full of the Upfront Assistance.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company
recorded $7.0 million of deferred grant income related to cash received to date as part of the TIF Agreement, all of which is noncurrent
as a component of Deferred grants. During the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company did not recognize any of the deferred
grant income amounts in profit or loss related to the TIF Agreement as the associated long-lived asset has not yet been placed into service.
The Company filed the Ad Valorem Tax Exemption application for the year ending December 31, 2023, in March of 2023. Approval was received
November 14, 2023 from the Stillwater Economic Development Authority for the Five-Year Ad Valorem Tax Exemption. As such, the Company
did not incur any real and personal ad valorem taxes for years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

F-29

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Governors Fund 

On April 15, 2022, the Company entered into an
agreement with the Oklahoma Department of Commerce to receive a $1.2 million award to be used for the renovation of an existing building
at the Stillwater Facility (the Governors Fund Agreement), to be paid in $0.6 million increments when the Company
had cumulatively spent $1.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively, in qualifying costs related to developing the Stillwater Facility
by March 31, 2023, and May 31, 2023, respectively. Per the terms of the Governors Fund Agreement, the award is subject to repayment
if the Company does not comply with certain investment requirements and employee headcount and compensation standards.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company incurred
qualifying costs that exceeded the cumulative $2.0 million threshold specified in the contract. The total award of $1.2 million was requested
and received by the Company on April 6, 2023 and was recorded as deferred grant income at the time, which will be recognized over the
useful life of the related assets once placed in service.

Jobs Program

In 2022, the Company was accepted for the Oklahoma
Quality Jobs Program (Jobs Program), an incentive that provides qualifying companies quarterly cash rebates of up to 5%
of the wages paid for new direct jobs created by the Company for a period of up to 10 years, with a maximum payout of approximately $2.8
million, subject to the Company fulfilling certain obligations pursuant to an agreement between USA Rare Earth Magnets, LLC and the State
of Oklahoma, dated December 19, 2022 (the Jobs Program Agreement), including that the Company must meet or exceed applicable
payroll and employee headcount requirements and that the Company maintain operations in Oklahoma for a specified period. To date USARE
has not become eligible to make any claims under the Jobs Program; the terms of the Jobs Program Agreement require that the first claim
be made on or prior to January 1, 2026.

As of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company
had not yet recognized any reductions in payroll expense related to the Jobs Program as a claim is not yet eligible to be filed.

NOTE 16. GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE

General and administrative comprised the following
(in thousands):

For the Years Ended

December 31, 

2024 2023 

Professional fees $ 2,938 $ 2,721 

Legal expense 376 1,672 

Technology, software and cybersecurity 208 329 

Facilities 722 1,315 

Insurance 1,043 1,049 

Travel 355 727 

Other general and administration 567 885 

Total General and Administrative $ 6,209 $ 8,698 

F-30

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 17. INCOME TAXES 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company
is treated as a flow-through entity for federal income tax purposes and is not subject to federal income taxes; therefore, no provision
for federal income taxes has been provided in the accompanying financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company
is not subject to state income taxes in most states in which it operates. In those states in which it is subject to income tax, the current
years taxes are not material to the financials. The shareholders/members are responsible for federal and certain state income
taxes on their respective share of the Companys net income or loss.

In February 2024, the Company filed IRS Form
8832 (Entity Classification Election or CTB Election) to be classified as a corporation for federal tax purposes effective
February 12, 2024 (the Conversion).

For financial reporting purposes, the net pre-tax
book loss for the U.S. in the aggregate was:

For the Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

United States $ (12,790 )

Minority share (3,602 )

Total $ (16,392 )

The reconciliation between the Companys
effective tax rate on loss from operations and the statutory tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 is as follows:

For the Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

Current tax at U.S. statutory rate $ (3,394 ) 21.00 %

Nondeductible/nontaxable items 5 -0.04 %

Minority Share/Partnership filing period 333 3.37 %

Stock based compensation 385 -3.06 %

Valuation allowance 2,671 -21.27 %

Income tax expense $ - 0.00 %

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax purposes. Realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which
are uncertain.

F-31

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following items comprise the Companys net deferred tax
assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2024:

As of

December 31, 

2024 

Deferred tax assets 

Accrued expenses $ 385 

Other deferreds 340 

Lease liability 3 

Deferred revenue 1,722 

Intangible assets 139 

Net operating losses 2,828 

Total deferred tax assets $ 5,417 

Valuation allowance (4,480 )

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ 937 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Investment in partnership (703 )

Fixed assets (234 )

Total deferred tax liabilities $ (937 )

Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) $ - 

Change in valuation allowance (4,480 )

The Company continually evaluates the likelihood
of the realization of deferred tax assets and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by the valuation allowance to the
extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is more likely than not. The Company considers many factors when assessing the
likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction,
expectation of future taxable income or loss, the carryforward periods available to the Company for tax reporting purposes, and other
relevant factors.

As of December 31, 2024, based on the Companys
history of earnings and its assessment of future earnings, management believes that it is not more likely than not that future taxable
income will be sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets. Therefore, a full valuation allowance has been applied to deferred tax
assets.

The Company reviews uncertain tax positions taken,
or expected to be taken, in the course of preparing the Companys tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more
likely than not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Management of the Company is required to analyze all open
tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which include federal and certain states. The 2024
tax year is considered open. The Company has no examinations in progress, and none are expected at this time. As of December 31, 2024,
management of the Company has reviewed the open tax years and major jurisdictions and concluded there is no tax liability, interest,
or penalties resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in future
tax returns.

F-32

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 18. NET LOSS PER SHARE/UNIT

The following table sets forth the computation
of the numerator for the loss per share attributable to common share/unit holders for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
(dollars in thousands, except for basic and diluted net loss per share/unit):

For the Years Ended

December 31, 

2024 2023 

Net Loss Attributable to USARE Members $ (15,735 ) $ (7,415 )

Declared dividends (8,170 ) (5,647 )

Net loss allocable to USARE Members $ (23,905 ) $ (13,062 )

The table below presents a reconciliation of
the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share/unit for each class of common stock:

For the Years Ended December
31, 

2024 2023 

Class A Class B Class A Class B 

Basic and diluted loss per share/unit 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net loss allocable to USARE
Shareholders/Members $ (21,719 ) $ (2,185 ) $ (11,818 ) $ (1,244 )

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares/units outstanding 206,520,542 20,778,672 196,264,700 20,778,672 

Basic and diluted net loss per share/unit $ (0.11 ) $ (0.11 ) $ (0.06 ) $ (0.06 )

The potential common shares for outstanding warrants
to acquire Class B common of 8,315,147 at December 31, 2024 and 2023, warrants to acquire Class A common of 3,000,000 and nil at December
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and incentive shares/units of 39,184,678 and 42,047,983 at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
were excluded from diluted earnings per share/unit because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per share/unit
is the same as basic loss per share/unit for the periods.

NOTE 19. SEGMENT REPORTING

The Company operates in a single reportable operating
segment; that segment being the vertically integrated, domestic rare earth element magnet production supply chain. The Companys
chief operating decision makers review financial information on an aggregate basis for evaluating financial performance. Through
December 16, 2024, the Companys Board of Managers were the chief operating decision makers. As of December 17, 2024, the Companys
chief operating decision maker is its newly appointed chief executive officer. All the Companys long-lived assets are located
within the United States.

NOTE 20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Consultant 

USARE engaged Dan Gorski as a consultant to provide
project management services for RTMD through February 2023. Mr. Gorskis compensation for such services was $10 thousand per month.
Mr. Gorski was previously the Chief Executive Officer of TMRC. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid Mr.
Gorski $0 and $20 thousand, respectively.

F-33

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Shareholders/Members

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, directly and
indirectly through controlled entities, Stewart Kleiner owned and controlled 7.5% and 12.4%, respectively, of the total outstanding common
and convertible preferred shares/units, respectively. On May 10, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Kleiner whereby
Mr. Kleiner will provide financing and business advice and will receive a fee of 1,100,000 Class A Common Shares/Units of the Company
upon the earlier of completion of a preliminary feasibility study on the Round Top Mountain Project or upon commencement of a capital
raise in conjunction with an initial public offering. The payment of the shares/units is guaranteed by shares/units from The Critical
Minerals Trust (entity controlled by Mr. Gutnick, a member of the Companys Board) in the event of a dispute between the Company
and Mr. Kleiner. As of December 31, 2024, The Critical Minerals Trust owns 62,415,773 Class A Common Shares/Units and 3,199,585 Class
C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, or 19.9%; and as of December 31, 2023, The Critical Minerals Trust owns 65,265,773 Class A Common
Shares/Units and 2,952,062 Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, or 23.4% of the total outstanding common and convertible preferred
shares/units. The Company considers the completion of the preliminary feasibility study probable and has therefore recognized the costs
of this equity-based award based on its estimated fair value as determined for Class A Common Shares/Units using the Black-Scholes model
and relevant assumptions described in Note 13, Mezzanine and Shareholders/Members Equity for the Companys
incentive shares/units. 

As of December 31, 2024, directly and indirectly
through controlled entities, Tready Smith controlled 46,801,206 Class C Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, 3,199,585 Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Shares/Units, and 2,750,741 Class B Common Shares/Units or 16.0%; and as of December 31, 2023 controlled 43,690,845 Class C
Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, 2,952,062 Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units, and 2,750,741 Class B Common Shares/Units
or 16.3% of the total outstanding shares/units. Mrs. Smith is a member of the Companys Board and the Founder and CEO of Bayshore Capital
Advisors, LLC (Bayshore). Thayer Smith is the Companys former President as well as the current Operating Partner of Bayshore
and spouse of Tready Smith. 

In December 2022, the Company executed an agreement
with the Companys former President, Thayer Smith, for the purpose of providing compensation to Mr. Smith for his services in his
role as President of the Company during 2021 and 2022. The agreement included the following terms: 

Mr.
Smiths last day of engagement with the Company would be December 31, 2022. 

Bayshore
Capital Holdings Group (BCHG) would be paid $0.8 million in January 2023 (which
the Company paid in full in 2023), as well as an additional $0.8 million on the successful
closing of a Series D fundraising round of greater than $50.0 million or, if a Series D fundraising
round occurred of $50.0 million or less, on the next subsequent fundraising round.

Bayshore
Capital would be granted 1,250,000 incentive shares/units with a threshold of $1.7302, granted
on November 18, 2022, and fully vested as of December 14, 2022. 

NOTE 21. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In accordance with ASC 855, - Subsequent
Events, the Company has evaluated events or transactions occurring subsequent to December 31, 2024, the balance sheet date,
through the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued on March 8, 2025, and determined there were no
additional events or transactions which would impact these consolidated financial statements other than those disclosed below.

Lease Renewals in Wheat Ridge, Colorado

On February 11, 2025 the Company executed two
lease extensions in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. Both office spaces are used for the Companys research and development activities and
will expire on March 31, 2028.

Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred
Unit Investment

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement executed on August 21, 2024, the Company and certain accredited investors, including the Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Unit Investors, Mr. Michael Blitzer, Inflection Points Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Collective Capital
Management entered into Securities Purchase Agreements on January 31, 2025 to purchase (i) USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units
and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $15.3 million which closed on February
3, 2025.

F-34

USA Rare Earth, LLC

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Audit Committee Updates

On January 26, 2025, Tready Smith was appointed
Chair of the Audit Committee after Ted Senko, former Chairman of the Audit Committee, resigned from the Board, effective immediately.
The resignation was not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies, or practices.

Hatch Senior Convertible Note Settlement Alternative

On February 26, 2025, the Company and Hatch entered
into a Letter Agreement (Hatch Letter Agreement) to agree to settle the Note for 683,512 Class A Common Shares/Units if,
and only if, the Merger is effected. Through December 31, 2024, the Note was expected to be converted into Class C Convertible Preferred
Shares/Units upon the close of a Merger. The Hatch Letter Agreement materially impacts the terms of the Note and the value assigned to
the derivative liability by more than 10%, resulting in a modification accounted for as an extinguishment and reissuance as of the date
of the Hatch Letter Agreement. The Company expects the Merger, and final settlement of the Note, to be finalized during the first quarter
of 2025.

Termination of Transaction Bonus Agreements

On March 7, 2025, three individuals that previously
had Transaction Bonus Agreements entered into a Termination of Transaction Bonus Agreement. In consideration of the termination of the
Transaction Bonus Agreements, each will receive $350 thousand cash immediately after the closing of the Merger and 127,198 Class A units
immediately prior to closing of the Merger. 

F-35
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex99-4_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF USA RARE EARTH, LLC, AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.4

MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF USARE

Unless the context otherwise requires, all
references in this section to we, us, our, USARE, or the Company
refer to USA Rare Earth, LLC and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and, after the consummation of
the Business Combination, USA Rare Earth, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

The following discussion and analysis of the
financial condition and results of operations of USARE includes information that USAREs management believes is relevant to an assessment
and understanding of USAREs consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements for the
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 together with the respective notes thereto, attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K. This discussion
and analysis should also be read together with the unaudited pro forma financial information as of and for the year ended December 31,
2024 attached as Exhibit 99.5 to this Form 8-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current plans, estimates
and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position, which involve
risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward- looking
statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 8-K.

Overview

USARE is a company with the mission to establish
a vertically integrated, domestic rare earth magnet supply chain that supports the future state of energy, mobility, and national security
in the United States. The Company is developing the Stillwater Facility and, via its Round Top Project, intends to establish domestic
rare earth and critical minerals supply, extraction, and processing capabilities to both supply its magnet manufacturing plant and market
surplus materials to third parties. Rare earth magnets are critical to various business sectors and industries, including the defense,
automotive, aviation, industrial, medical and consumer electronics industries, among others. The Companys vertically integrated
approach from sourcing REEs, in addition to other critical minerals such as gallium, to producing finished NdFeB magnets
assists in strengthening the United States control over critical supply chains such as the supply of rare earth minerals
and magnets and thus reduce domestic reliance on foreign, particularly Chinese, imports. The Company believes its focus on developing
domestic rare earth production aligns with national priorities, offering the future potential of a sustainable and secure domestic supply
of materials critical to key industries. For more information, see the section entitled Information about USARE of
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. The Company has been in the exploration and research stages since its formation and has not yet realized
any revenues from its planned operations.

USARE History

For information regarding the history of the Company,
see the section entitled Information about USARE History of USARE of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Our Business Model

We acquired the land and other assets comprising
the Stillwater Facility to develop it into a magnet production facility and we are in the process of completing our magnet production
capabilities at the Stillwater Facility necessary for the initial production of NdFeB magnets.

We control certain mining rights to Round Top
Mountain, which is an above-ground mineral deposit near Sierra Blanca, Texas that contains the Round Top Deposit, the mining and extraction
of which comprises our Round Top Project. We have not yet begun to extract any minerals from the Round Top Deposit. The development of
the Round Top Project involves a high degree of financial risk and uncertainty.

We have not yet commenced production in connection
with either our Round Top Project or our Stillwater Facility and, consequently, we do not currently have any operating income or cash
flows. Accordingly, we do not currently generate, nor have we realized to date, any revenues.

We expect that our cash and cash equivalents as
of December 31, 2024 of $16.8 million will not be sufficient to implement our strategic business plan. We will need to raise substantial
additional funds in the future to complete our strategic business plan.

Facilities

Our facilities are comprised of the Stillwater
Facilities, the Colorado Facility and the Round Top Project. For more information on the Stillwater Facility, the Colorado Facility and
the Round Top Project see the sections entitled Information about USARE USAREs Facilities Stillwater
Facility, Information about USARE USAREs Facilities Colorado Facility and Information
about USARE Description of the Round Top Project, respectively of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Recent Developments

The Business Combination

On August 21, 2024, we entered into the Business
Combination with Merger Sub and Inflection Point whereby Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company with the Company surviving as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Inflection Point. The proposed Business Combination was completed on March 13, 2025. For more information
see the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K to which this Managements Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations is attached as Exhibit 99.3.

Class A Convertible Preferred Investment

On August 21, 2024, in connection with the signing
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company completed the Pre-Funding Pipe Financing pursuant to which USARE and the Class A Convertible
Preferred Unit Investors entered into the Class A Convertible Preferred SPAs, pursuant to which the Class A Convertible Preferred Unit
Investors purchased an aggregate of (i) 2,500,000 USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 2,968,750 USARE Class A Units, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $25.5 million.
In addition, pursuant to the Blitzer Class A SPA, USARE has issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE Class
A Preferred Investor Warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units in exchange for Mr. Blitzers promise to forgive, at Closing,
50% of the then- outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

The Company and certain accredited investors,
including the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors, Mr. Michael Blitzer, and Collective Capital Management entered into Securities
Purchase Agreements on January 31, 2025 to purchase (i) USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares/Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred
Investor Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $15.3 million which closed on February 3, 2025.

Tax Election

On February 12, 2024, the Company filed IRS Form
8832 (Entity Classification Election or CTB Election) to be classified as a corporation for federal tax purposes
effective February 12, 2024 (the Conversion). The Conversion was intended to simplify the tax organizational structure
of the Company and expand the potential investor base. Company management also believed the elimination of the complexities of Schedule
K-1 reporting would reduce the administrative burden, complexity and cost of the tax reporting and compliance obligations of the Company
and the holders of its units.

2

Public Company Costs

Following the consummation of the Business
Combination, USA Rare Earth, Inc. expects to be an SEC-reporting and NASDAQ-listed company, which will require us to hire additional
staff and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices both before
and after the consummation of the Business Combination. We expect to incur significant additional annual expenses for, among other
things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting,
legal and administrative resources and fees.

Tax Incremental Financing

On June 6, 2022, the Company executed a Tax Increment
Financing Agreement (the TIF Agreement) with the Stillwater Economic Development Authority (the Authority),
a public trust having as its beneficiary the City of Stillwater, Oklahoma, whereby the Authority will provide upfront development financing
assistance to the Company of up to $7.0 million for the development of the Stillwater Facility (the Upfront Assistance).
Additionally, entry into the TIF Agreement made the Company potentially eligible to receive a manufacturing and research and development
ad valorem tax exemption for a period of five years and thereafter requires the Authority to disburse to the Company 90% of the incremental
ad valorem taxes generated by the ad valorem taxes assessed against the Stillwater Facility and paid by the Company. As of December 31,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded $7.0 million of deferred grant income related to Upfront Assistance. For more information
regarding the TIF Agreement, see the section entitled Information about USARE Government Programs and Grants 
Tax Incremental Financing of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Liquidity and Capital Resources; Going Concern

Sources and Uses of Liquidity

Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared contemplating the continuation of the Company as a going concern and the continuity of operations, realization of assets, and
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Management is aware, in making its assessment, of material uncertainties
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Companys ability to continue as a going concern, as described
in the following paragraphs and in the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
Since its inception, the Company has generated negative operating cash flows and we may experience negative cash flow from operations
in the future. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
While the Companys management believes in the viability of its strategy to generate future revenues, control costs and the ability
to raise additional funds, its strategy may not be successful. The Companys consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. If the going concern basis was not appropriate
for the consolidated financial statements, then adjustments would be necessary to the carrying value of assets and liabilities, the reported
revenues and expenses, and the statement of financial position classifications used.

The Company has generated no revenues since inception,
continues to incur losses from operations, and has an accumulated deficit. The Companys ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to raise capital, to implement its business plan, generate sufficient revenues, and to control operating
expenses.

For the years ended December 31, 2024 and
2023, the Company had a net loss of $16.4 million and $8.5 million, respectively, and a net loss attributable to the Companys
members of $15.7 million and $7.4 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had negative
cash flow from operations of $13.0 million and $21.9 million, respectively. The Company had positive working capital of $15.4
million as of December 31, 2024. Management believes it will need to raise additional funds to cover capital and operating
requirements necessary to implement its business strategy and plans. Based on these circumstances, management has determined that
these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern following the issuance of
its financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.

3

In connection with the Class A Convertible
Preferred Investment, persons related to Inflection Point that are Class A Convertible Unit Preferred Investors (including Michael
Blitzer) entered into, and subsequently amended, a letter agreement with the Company (as amended, the Company Letter
Agreement) pursuant to which, in the event that the Business Combination did not close within 12 months of August 21, 2024
and the delay was reasonably deemed to be due to factors within the Companys control, the Company could have been required to
repurchase from those investors those Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units (and related in kind accrued dividends) purchased by
those investors at a price equal to the product of the applicable Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit original issue price
multiplied by the applicable number of Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units to be repurchased. Currently this would represent a
total repurchase amount of approximately $13.5 million, which amount has been increased by additional funds in the amount of $15
million, may be further increased if additional funds are received in the future. Failure to repay the amounts due may result in
interest accruing at a rate of 25% per year and the imposition of a senior secured lien on all of the Companys assets.
Pursuant to the Company Letter Agreement, the Company could not enter into agreements with other investors in connection with such
investors direct or indirect investment in the Company on terms more favorable to any such investor in any material respect
than the terms of the Class A Convertible Preferred SPAs, subject to certain exceptions. Upon the closing of the Business
Combination on March 13, 2025, the Company Letter Agreement terminated.

We consider cash equivalents to be highly liquid
investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had $16.8 million and $13.2
million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents.

For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
we recognized investment income of approximately $0.3 million and $0.4 million, respectively.

Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Financing

During 2023 we issued 7,688,335 Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Units at a price per unit of $1.7302 for net proceeds of $13.1 million, after expenses.

Convertible Promissory Subscription

On June 30, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible
promissory subscription agreement to issue a convertible promissory subscription (the CPSA). The sale of the Subscription
was closed on July 29, 2022 with a principal amount of $20.2 million. The $20.2 million subscription was converted as of October 30, 2023
into 11,698,069 USARE Class A Units at a per unit price of $1.7302.

Cash Flows

For the Years Ended

December 31, 

(in thousands) 2024 2023 

Net cash used in operating activities (12,991 ) (21,928 )

Cash used in investing activities (3,285 ) (5,956 )

Net cash provided by financing activities 19,838 14,112 

Operating
Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2024, our
operating activities used $13.0 million of net cash as compared to $21.9 million during 2023. The $8.9 million decrease in net cash
used in operating activities during 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to our $9.5 million lower net loss adjusted for non-cash
related expenses such as gain on fair market value of convertible debt, impairment for equity investments, depreciation,
amortization and equity-based compensation partially offset by the 2023 cash receipts from the TIF Agreement we entered into in
2022. In 2024, to conserve cash until we received funding from Pre-Funding Pipe Financing with certain investors in the third
quarter of 2024, we curtailed costs primarily in payments for employee and professional services related expenses as well as
research and development. We reduced our headcount from 41 employees at December 31, 2023 to 30 employees at December 31, 2024.

4

Investing Activities

Our Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities
decreased by $2.7 million, to $3.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2024, from $6.0 million during 2023. The decrease was
primarily due to our decision not to make additional investments on capital expenditures associated with our construction in
progress until we raised further capital in the third quarter of 2024.

Financing Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2024, and
2023, our financing activities provided $19.8 million and $14.1 million of net cash, respectively. In 2024, we received gross cash
proceeds of $25.5 million from the issuance of Class A Convertible Preferred Units related to the Pre-Funding Pipe Financing with
certain investors. The cash proceeds were offset by payment of securities issuance costs of approximately $5.1 million. During the
year ended December 31, 2023, we received $13.1 million of cash, net of issuance costs from issuance of USARE Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Units and $1.0 million from debt issuance.

Hatch Senior Convertible Promissory Note

On July 28, 2023, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Hatch
LTD entered into an unsecured $1.0 million Senior Convertible Promissory Note agreement (the Hatch Note) with a 10% interest
rate, which will mature on July 28, 2025. The interest is payable at maturity. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements attached
as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K for additional information related to the Hatch Note. The Hatch Note is expected to be converted at Closing
into New USARE Common Stock.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

Other than as otherwise described in this Form
8-K, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect
on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources.

Results of Operations

We have no operating revenues. We are dependent
on equity or other external financings to fund our pursuit and development of our consolidated business plans (including magnet production
at our Stillwater Facility), to fund our mineral exploration and evaluation operations, to fund our evaluation and intended development
of the Round Top Project, and also to fund all of our general, administrative, interest and other costs. As a result, we expect to incur
operating losses until such time as either: (i) the Stillwater Facility is fully completed and operational to the extent that it generates
net profits, or (ii) an economic mineral resource is identified, developed and put into profitable commercial production at the Round
Top Project.

5

The following tables set forth components of our
results of operations for the periods presented. The period-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future
results.

Comparison of years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023

The following tables set forth our historical
results for the periods indicated, and the changes between periods:

For the Years Ended

December 31, Change 

2024 2023 $ % 

Operating Costs and Expenses 

General and administrative $ 6,209 $ 8,698 $ (2,489 ) -29 %

Other employee compensation 6,022 11,013 (4,991 ) -45 %

Mining exploration, development and other 1,078 1,762 (684 ) -39 %

Equity-based compensation 1,738 1,374 364 26 %

Research and development 303 1,638 (1,335 ) -82 %

Depreciation 235 308 (73 ) -24 %

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 15,585 24,793 (9,208 ) -37 %

Operating Loss (15,585 ) (24,793 ) 9,208 -37 %

Other Income (Expense) 

Investment income 285 363 (78 ) -21 %

Other income, net 11 - 11 

Impairment of equity investments (405 ) - (405 ) 

Loss on fair market value of financial instruments (379 ) (879 ) 500 -57 %

Interest expense, net (319 ) (77 ) (242 ) 314 %

Gain on fair market value of convertible debt - 16,848 (16,848 ) -100 %

Total Other Income (Expense) (807 ) 16,255 (17,062 ) -105 %

Net Loss (16,392 ) (8,538 ) (7,854 ) 92 %

Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interest (657 ) (1,123 ) 466 -41 %

Net Loss Attributable to USARE Shareholders/Members $ (15,735 ) $ (7,415 ) $ (8,320 ) 112 %

Operating Costs and Expenses

General and administrative. General and
administrative decreased by $2.5 million, or 29%, to $6.2 million in 2024 compared to $8.7 million in 2023. The decrease was primarily
due to across-the-board cost reductions initiated in the second quarter of 2024 to conserve cash, including reductions in consulting related
expenses, legal and professional fees, facilities costs, travel and entertainment and technology related expenses.

Other employee compensation. Other employee
compensation decreased by $5.0 million, or 45%, to $6.0 million in 2024 compared to $11.0 million in 2023. The decrease was primarily
due to lower salary and bonus related expenses to curtail expenditures due to our cash flow constraints. We reduced our headcount from
41 employees at December 31, 2023 to 30 at December 31, 2024.

Mining exploration, development and other.
Mining exploration, development and other decreased by $0.7 million, or 39%, to $1.1 million in 2024 compared to $1.8 million in 2023.
The decrease was primarily due to decreased spending on equipment rental and operational consulting, partially offset by increased spending
on consulting for the development of the process flowsheet.

Equity-based Compensation. Equity-based
compensation increased by $0.4 million, or 26%, to $1.7 million in 2024 compared to $1.4 million in 2023. The increase was primarily due
to vesting upon satisfaction of certain conditions of a performance-based equity award partially offset by reversal of previously expensed
equity-based compensation due to forfeitures and fewer other equity-based awards in 2024 compared to 2023.

Research and development. Research and
development decreased by $1.3 million, or 82%, to $0.3 million in 2024 compared to $1.6 million in 2023. The decrease was primarily due
to an across-the-board expense reduction, including lab supplies due to our cash flow constraints prior to the funding received in the
third quarter of 2024.

Depreciation. Depreciation decreased by
$0.1 million, or 24%, to $0.2 million in 2024 compared to $0.3 million in 2023. The decrease was primarily due to certain property, plant
and equipment becoming fully depreciated during 2024.

6

Other Income and Expense

Investment income. Investment
income decreased by $78 thousand, or 21%, to $0.3 million in 2024 compared to $0.4 million in 2023. The decrease was primarily due
to lower balances in our money market funds.

Impairment of equity investments. We recorded
an impairment in our equity investment in a minerals company in the fourth quarter of 2024. No impairments were recorded in 2023.

Loss on fair market value of financial
instruments. Loss on fair market value of financial instruments decreased by $0.5 million, or 57%, to $0.4 million in 2024
compared to $0.9 million in 2023. In 2024 we recorded a loss of $0.7 million on the fair value of our derivative liability. This
fair market value loss was partially offset by equity investment gains during the first three quarters of 2024 compared to losses of
$0.9 million in 2023 due to share price fluctuations of our investment in a publicly traded minerals company.

Interest expense, net. Our interest expense, net
increased $242 thousand to $319 thousand in 2024 compared to $77 thousand in 2023. The increase in interest expense, net in 2024 is
related to a $55 thousand decrease in interest income and $191 thousand increase in the interest expense and amortization of the
bond discount related to the Hatch Note.

Gain on fair market value of convertible debt. We recorded
a gain on the fair market value of convertible debt of $16.8 million in 2023 related to recognition of a gain on the conversion of
our convertible subscription debt to USARE Class A Units.

Risks and Uncertainties Associated with Future
Results of Operations

The Company operates in two industries that are
both subject to intense competition, development risk, and changes in U.S. governmental policies related to green energy, defense spending
and dependence on foreign suppliers. The Companys operations are subject to significant risks and uncertainties including financial
and operational risks, as well as the potential risk of business failure.

The magnet technology industry is still in its
infancy in the United States, and thus the technology, processes, and capabilities are still being developed. The magnet facility requires
substantial capital commitment to complete and there may be unanticipated costs or delays associated with the construction. The Companys
plans for producing magnets are based on certain estimates and assumptions we have made about our business over the next few years, including
the ability to obtain the equipment and materials needed to produce magnets on a timely basis from third party vendors. Due to rapidly
rising demand, there is also a risk that substitute products will become available and reduce the need for our type of high-performance
magnet.

We have not yet established that the Round Top
Deposit contains any commercially exploitable quantities of proven and probable mineral reserves, and we may not be able to do so. Even
if the Company does eventually establish commercially exploitable quantities of mineral reserves, the Round Top Deposit may not be developed
into a producing mine and the Company may not be able to extract those minerals economically. Both mineral exploration and development
involve a high degree of risk, and few properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. The commercial viability
of an established mineral deposit will depend on several factors including the size, grade, and other attributes of the mineral deposit,
as well as proximity of the deposit to infrastructure, government regulation, and market prices, among other things. Most of these factors
will be beyond the Companys control, and any of them could increase costs and make extraction of any identified mineral deposit
unprofitable.

For additional information see the section entitled
Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes thereto attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and
expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and
actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected.

7

We believe that the following accounting policies
involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully
understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of our operations. See Note 2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies of Notes to our consolidated financial statements attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K for a description
of our other significant accounting policies. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we
believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported
in future periods could differ from those estimates. The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have
the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below.

Going Concern

Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to evaluate our
Companys ability to continue as a going concern as of each annual and interim reporting date. Once liquidation is deemed imminent,
we must apply the liquidation basis of accounting under ASC 205-30. Before liquidation is deemed imminent, an entity may have uncertainties
about its ability to continue as a going concern. In such situations, the entity should continue to prepare its financial statements by
using the going-concern basis of accounting; however, the entity may be required to disclose information about its ability to continue
as a going concern, depending on the level of uncertainty and managements plans to mitigate the uncertainty. See Note 1. Organization
of Notes to our consolidated financial statements attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K for further discussion on our going concern
assessment.

Derivatives

We analyzed the conversion feature of the Hatch
Note for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging. ASC 815-15 requires that the conversion
features are bifurcated and separately accounted for as an embedded derivative contained in our convertible note. The embedded derivative
is carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Any unrealized change in fair value, as determined at each measurement period, is recorded
as a component of the income statement and the associated carrying amount on the balance sheet is adjusted by the change. See Note
11. Note Payable of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K for further discussion on
the embedded derivatives of the Note.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

U.S. GAAP defines fair value as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date (exit price), and establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value using the following definitions
(from highest to lowest priority):

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that
are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.

Level 2 Observable inputs other than
quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets
that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.

Level 3 Prices or valuation techniques requiring inputs
that are both significant to the fair-value measurement and unobservable.

8

To the extent that valuation is based on models
or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly,
the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. A financial
instruments level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value
measurement.

Long-Lived Assets

In accordance with ASC 360-10 Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, the Company periodically reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, such as property, plant
and equipment and mineral interests, to test whether current events or circumstances indicate that such carrying value may not be recoverable.
When evaluating assets for potential impairment, we compare the carrying value of the asset to its estimated undiscounted future cash
flows.

If an assets carrying value exceeds such estimated
cash flows, we would record an impairment loss if the carrying amount exceeds the assets fair value. We did not record impairment
related to long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Equity-based Compensation

We expense equity-based compensation to employees
and non-employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards
is measured at the date of grant and amortized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, with a corresponding
increase in additional paid-in capital. We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the fair value of awards granted.
In the case of a share-based compensation award that is either cancelled or forfeited prior to vesting, the amortized expense associated
with the unvested awards is reversed. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. See Note 14. Equity-Based Compensation
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K regarding stock-based compensation expense and
the assumptions used in estimating the expense.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K.

Emerging Growth Company Status

In April 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section
107(b) of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those
standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the extended transition period to comply with
new or revised accounting standards and to adopt certain of the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies.
As a result of the accounting standards election, we will not be subject to the same implementation timing for new or revised accounting
standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies which may make comparison of our financials to those of other
public companies more difficult.

We expect to retain our emerging growth company status
until the earliest of:

The end of the fiscal year in which our annual revenues exceed
$1.2 billion;

The end of the fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary
of our public company registration has occurred;

The date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt during the previous three- year period; and

The date on which we qualify as a large accelerated filer.

9

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We have operations only within the United States
and as such are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk that market prices,
such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and other market changes that affect market risk-sensitive instruments, will fluctuate.
Information related to quantitative and qualitative disclosure about this market risk is set forth below.

Interest Rate Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. We had cash and cash equivalents totaling
$16.8 million at December 31, 2024. These amounts were invested primarily in money market funds. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents
do not have a material exposure to changes in the fair value as a result of changes in interest rates due to the short-term nature of
our cash and cash equivalents. At December 31, 2024, we had no outstanding debt obligations subject to interest rate fluctuations.

Inflation Risk

We do not believe that inflation has a material
effect on our current business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company is not yet producing products for sale at the
Stillwater Facility or the Round Top Project and is not presently acquiring any associated feedstock. However, as we refurbish the Stillwater
Facility, our ability to procure supplies and equipment may be impacted by rising prices and we cannot guarantee we will be able to secure
these materials at favorable prices, if at all.

Cybersecurity Risk

We rely heavily on accounting, information and other
data processing systems and cloud computing services, as well as those of our current and future collaborators, contractors or consultants.
Such systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, data corruption, cyber-related attacks, unauthorized access,
natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If any of these events occur and such systems
do not operate properly or are disabled or if there is any unauthorized disclosure of data, whether as a result of tampering, a breach
of network security systems, a cybersecurity vulnerability or attack or otherwise, we could suffer substantial financial loss, increased
costs, a disruption of our business, loss of trade secrets or other proprietary information, liability to us, regulatory intervention
or reputational damage. We attempt to develop and maintain information security programs to identify and mitigate cyber risks, but the
development and maintenance of these programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technology changes and efforts
to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. For additional information see the section entitled Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Technology of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex99-5_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II AND USA RARE EARTH, LLC, AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.5

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

USA Rare Earth, Inc. (New USARE
f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Inflection Point) is providing the following unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information to aid you in your analysis of the financial aspects of the Business Combination and related transactions.
The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the combination of the financial information of Inflection
Point and USA Rare Earth, LLC (USARE OpCo) adjusted to give effect to the Business Combination and related transactions.
The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation
S-X. Defined terms included below have the same meaning as terms defined and included elsewhere in this Current Report and, if not defined
in this Current Report, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance
sheet as of December 31, 2024 combines the historical audited balance sheet of Inflection Point as of December 31, 2024 with the historical
audited consolidated balance sheet of USARE OpCo as of December 31, 2024, giving effect to the Business Combination and related transactions
as if they had been consummated on December 31, 2024. Inflection Point and USARE OpCo have not had any historical relationship prior to
the Business Combination. Accordingly, no pro forma adjustments were required to eliminate activities between the companies.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 combines the historical audited statement of operations of Inflection Point for the
year ended December 31, 2024 with the historical audited consolidated statement of operations of USARE OpCo for the year ended December
31, 2024, giving effect to the Business Combination as if it had been consummated on January 1, 2024, the beginning of the period presented.

The Business Combination will be accounted for
as a reverse recapitalization, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (GAAP). Under this method of accounting, Inflection Point is treated as the acquired
company for financial reporting purposes. USARE OpCo has been determined to be the accounting acquirer because existing USARE OpCo shareholders/members,
as a group, will retain the largest portion of the voting rights in the combined entity, the executive officers of the combined company
will be appointed by USARE OpCo, the majority of the board of directors of the combined company will be appointed by USARE OpCo, USARE
OpCo represents a significant majority of the operations of the combined company, and the operations of USARE OpCo will be the continued
operations of the combined company.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information was derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the following historical financial statements and the accompanying
notes:

The historical audited financial statements of Inflection
Point as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024; and

The historical audited consolidated financial statements
of USARE OpCo as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024.

The foregoing historical financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared based on
the aforementioned historical financial statements and the assumptions and adjustments as described in the notes to the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information. The pro forma adjustments reflect transaction accounting adjustments related to the Business
Combination and related transactions which are discussed in further detail below. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent Inflection Points consolidated results
of operations or the consolidated financial position that would actually have occurred had the Business Combination and related transactions
been consummated on the dates assumed or to project Inflection Points consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial
position for any future date or period. Actual results may differ materially from the assumptions within the accompanying unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information should also be read together with Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations of USARE, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of IPXX,
and other financial information as filed in this Current Report.

Description of the Transactions

On August 21, 2024, Inflection Point entered into
a Business Combination Agreement (as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025) by and among Inflection Point, USARE OpCo, and
Merger Sub, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Inflection Point, pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions
contained therein, Merger Sub merged with and into USARE OpCo, with USARE OpCo continuing as the surviving company. The combined companys
business will continue to operate through USARE OpCo and its subsidiaries. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination,
Inflection Point changed its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc.

The Domestication

Inflection Point, after obtaining the required
shareholder approvals, changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing
and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication). Inflection
Point provided its public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their shares on the terms and conditions set forth in the Business Combination
Agreement and Inflection Points governing documents.

By virtue of the Domestication and subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, including approval of Inflection Points shareholders:

(i) immediately prior to the Domestication,
pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, each of the then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of Inflection Point (Class
B Ordinary Shares) converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share, par value of $0.0001
per share, of Inflection Point (each an Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Share) (the Sponsor Share Conversion)
and

(ii) in connection with the Domestication,
(x) each then issued and outstanding Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Share (that was not redeemed pursuant to the Redemption) converted
automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Inflection Point (after the Domestication)
(the New USARE Common Stock) (y) each of the then issued and outstanding warrants representing the right to
purchase one Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Share converted automatically into a warrant to acquire one share of New USARE Common Stock
(each a New USARE Warrant) and (z) each of the then issued and outstanding units of Inflection Point were cancelled
and each holder thereof was entitled to one share of New USARE Common Stock and one-half (1/2) of one New USARE Warrant.

2

The Business Combination

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
(i) each warrant that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time to purchase Class C convertible preferred
units of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units) or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE
OpCo (the USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units) was automatically exercised on a cashless basis in full in
accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and
each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit (including each USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and
USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise described in the preceding clause (i)) automatically converted
into such number of Class B units of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class B Units) into which such USARE Class C Convertible
Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable, was convertible in connection with the Merger pursuant to
USARE OpCos Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the USARE OA).

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time:

(i) each unit of USARE OpCo that was
owned by Inflection Point, Merger Sub or USARE OpCo (in treasury or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an Excluded
Unit) was cancelled and ceased to exist and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefore

(ii) each incentive unit (the USARE
Incentive Units) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) was, by
virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit was continuously employed by or providing
services to USARE OpCo from the Signing Date through the Effective Time, automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such
employment or service status, automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one Class A unit of
USARE OpCo (the USARE Class A Units) in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and
the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange
or conversion was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time

(iii) each warrant to purchase units
of USARE OpCo (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor) (the USARE Warrants) that was outstanding and unexercised
immediately prior to the Effective Time was, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically exercised or deemed exercised on
a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class
B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time

(iv) each USARE Class A Unit that was
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a)
upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding
the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange
Ratio (the Per Unit Base Consideration) and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below,
a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration)

(v) each USARE Class B Unit that was
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon
the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the
Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration;

3

(vi) each Class A-1 convertible preferred
unit of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units) and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit
of USARE OpCo (the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible
Preferred Units, the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) and each USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Unit that was outstanding upon payment-in-kind
of all accrued and unpaid dividends on the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units was cancelled and converted into the right to receive
one share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) and

(vii) each USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrant was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for
a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would be issued upon full exercise
of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant.

Series A Preferred Stock Investment

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, Inflection Point, USARE OpCo and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, an accredited
investor that is an affiliate of Inflection Point and the Sponsor (the Inflection Point Fund) entered into the Series
A SPA. Pursuant to the Series A SPA, Inflection Point Fund had agreed, among other things, to purchase, at Closing, 759,804 shares of
New USARE 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, having the rights, preferences and privileges
set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (such stock the Series A Preferred Stock) and
a warrant to purchase 759,804 shares of New USARE Common Stock (the Series A Preferred Investor Warrant), for an
aggregate purchase price of $9.1 million (the Series A Preferred Stock Investment). Each share of Series A Preferred
Stock has a stated value of $12.00 (the Stated Value). Subsequently, on February 3, 2025, Inflection Point Fund pre-funded
the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing an aggregate of 833,333 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE
Class A Preferred Investor Warrant exercisable for an aggregate of 833,333 USARE Class A Units for an aggregate purchase price of $8.5
million as part of the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investment, as defined below. Pursuant to the Series A SPA Termination
Agreement, in connection with the pre-funding of the Series A Preferred Stock Investment, the Series A SPA was terminated. Refer to adjustment
A below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, as this investment is included in the
total proceeds raised in the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investment.

On March 11, 2025, Inflection Point and USARE
OpCo entered into additional Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred SPAs with Inflection Point Fund and another accredited investor,
Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC Segregated Master Portfolio B (together with Inflection Point Fund, the Additional
Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Investors), pursuant to which the Additional Series A Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of (i) 784,314 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) Series A Preferred
Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 784,314 shares of New USARE Common Stock, subject to adjustment, for an aggregate purchase
price of $8.0 million. The proceeds of $7.6 million, net of $0.4 million in equity issuance costs, have been allocated between the Series
A Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Investor Warrants on a relative fair value basis, with $7.4 million allocated to the Series
A Preferred Stock and $0.2 million allocated to the Series A Preferred Investor Warrants. Refer to adjustment A below for the impact
on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The Series A Preferred Stock is not classified
as a liability pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC
480), due to the fact that it is not a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument, it represents an outstanding share, and does
not embody an unconditional obligation. The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the holder. Therefore, the Series
A Preferred Stock is required to be classified outside of permanent equity pursuant to ASC 480-10-S99 and will be classified within mezzanine
equity. The redemption features within the Series A Preferred Stock do not require bifurcation because they do not meet all criteria of
a derivative.

4

Class A Convertible Preferred Investment and Additional Class A-2
Convertible Preferred Unit Investment

On August 21, 2024, USARE OpCo and the Class A
Convertible Preferred Unit Investors entered into the Class A Convertible Preferred SPAs. Pursuant to the Class A Convertible Preferred
SPAs, the Class A Convertible Preferred Unit Investors purchased an aggregate of (i) 2,500,000 USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units
(USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units) and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrants exercisable into 2,968,750 USARE Class A Units, for an aggregate purchase price of $25.5 million. These amounts are reflected
within USARE OpCos December 31, 2024 audited consolidated financial statements.

On January 31, 2025, USARE OpCo and the Additional
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors entered into Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred SPAs, pursuant to which the Additional
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of (i) 1,495,098 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred
Units and (ii) USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 1,495,098 USARE Class A Units for an aggregate
purchase price of $15.3 million (the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Investment). The Additional Class A-2
Convertible Preferred Unit Investment closed on February 3, 2025. The proceeds of $14.5 million, net of $0.8 million in equity issuance
costs, have been allocated between the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants on
a relative fair value basis, with $14.1 million allocated to the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and $0.4 million allocated
to the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants. Refer to adjustment A below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information.

The USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units
and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants are both classified within permanent equity in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
balance sheet. The USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units are classified within mezzanine equity in the historical portion of the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet due to a redemption feature which is triggered upon a contingent event that is not
solely within USARE OpCos control. Specifically, due to the holder's ability to exercise the option to require USARE OpCo to redeem
for cash all or any portion of such holder's shares in the event the Business Combination did not close within 12 months of the Business
Combination Agreement date and the delay was reasonably deemed to be due to factors within USARE OpCos control, there was the potential
for a scenario where the holder was able to redeem for cash all or any portion of such holder's shares, resulting in the financial instrument
not meeting the criteria for classification within permanent equity. The August 21, 2024 transaction does not result in an adjustment
in the December 31, 2024 unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information as it is reflected in the USARE OpCo historical
audited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.

Michael Blitzer Promissory Note

Since Inflection Points IPO, its only material
financing consists of a convertible promissory note issued to Michael Blitzer, Inflection Points Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
on August 13, 2024, pursuant to which Inflection Point could borrow up to $2.5 million from Mr. Blitzer, for ongoing expenses reasonably
related to the business of Inflection Point and the consummation of the Business Combination or any other initial business combination
(the Convertible Promissory Note). All unpaid principal under the Convertible Promissory Note shall be due and payable
in full on the earlier of (i) November 30, 2024, or such later date by which Inflection Point must consummate a Business Combination pursuant
to its governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination (such earlier
date, the Maturity Date), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Convertible
Promissory Note. Mr. Blitzer had the option, at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Convertible Promissory
Note, to convert up to $1.5 million outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Note into warrants to purchase Inflection Point Class
A Ordinary Shares at a conversion price of $1.00 per warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Inflection Point
Class A Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the Private Placement Warrants. At
Closing, Inflection Point had borrowed a total of $1.5 million of the $2.5 million maximum amount noted above. As of December 31, 2024,
Inflection Point has borrowed $1.2 million under the Convertible Promissory Note. The remaining balance of $0.3 million is reflected in
adjustment A below and shows the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

5

Pursuant to the Blitzer Series A SPA, Inflection
Point agreed to issue at Closing, $1.25 million in Stated Value (104,167 shares) of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer in exchange
for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note. The Blitzer Series A SPA is in substantially
the same form as the Series A SPA, subject to appropriate changes to reflect that (i) the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer is his
forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note issued to him by Inflection Point on August 13,
2024 and (ii) Mr. Blitzer will not receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant. In accordance with ASC 470, Debt (ASC
470), this exchange (along with the exchange described in the paragraph below) has been determined to be an extinguishment
of the Convertible Promissory Note which resulted in an extinguishment loss of $0.9 million. On January 22, 2025, Inflection Point, Mr.
Blitzer, and USARE OpCo amended the Blitzer Series A SPA to provide that Inflection Point will issue to Mr. Blitzer, at Closing, a number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares (amended from 104,167 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock) in exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note. Refer to
adjustments K1 and FF below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Pursuant to the Blitzer Class A SPA, USARE OpCo
has issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant to purchase up to 31,250
USARE Class A Units in exchange for Mr. Blitzers promise to forgive, at Closing, the remaining 50% of the then-outstanding balance
of the Convertible Promissory Note. The Blitzer Class A SPA is in substantially the same form as the Class A Convertible Preferred SPAs,
subject to appropriate changes to reflect that the consideration paid by Mr. Blitzer is his promise to forgive 50% of the then-outstanding
balance of the Convertible Promissory Note at Closing. In accordance with ASC 470, this exchange (along with the exchange described in
the paragraph above) has been determined to be an extinguishment of the Convertible Promissory Note through the settlement of the subscription
receivable and recognition of an extinguishment loss of $0.5 million. Refer to adjustment K2 below for the impact on the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Hatch Convertible Promissory Note

On July 28, 2023, USARE OpCo and Hatch LTD (Hatch)
entered into an unsecured $1.0 million Senior Convertible Promissory Note agreement (the Hatch Note) with a 10% interest
rate, which would have matured on July 28, 2025. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Hatch Note, in the event of a fundamental
transaction (such as the Business Combination), Hatch may elect, at least five days prior to the closing of such fundamental transaction,
that either (a) USARE OpCo will pay Hatch an amount equal to the sum of the outstanding principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest
due on the Hatch Note or (b) the Hatch Note may convert into equity with a value equal to the sum of the outstanding principal balance
and accrued and unpaid interest due on the Hatch Note divided by the Conversion Price (as defined in the Hatch Note). Total accrued and
unpaid interest as of December 31, 2024 was $0.1 million.

On February 26, 2025, USARE OpCo and Hatch entered
into a Letter Agreement for the purpose of settling and satisfying the Hatch Note in full and terminating the Hatch Note by USARE OpCo
issuing 683,512 USARE Class A Units to Hatch. This transaction to settle the Hatch Note occurred and was effective as of immediately prior
to, and in all cases only contingent upon, the Effective Time of the Merger. Refer to adjustments B and GG below for the
impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

6

USARE Incentive Unit Acceleration

Each USARE Incentive Unit that was issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) was, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to
the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit was continuously employed by or providing services to USARE OpCo from the Signing Date
through the Effective Time, automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, automatically
deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one USARE Class A Unit in accordance with the terms of such USARE
Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued
or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
In accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, the accelerated vesting terms result in an additional compensation
charge equal to the unrecognized compensation expense of the USARE Incentive Units immediately before the acceleration triggered by the
Merger of $0.2 million. Refer to adjustments H and DD below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information.

Sponsor Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of
the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Inflection Point and USARE OpCo entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to
which the Sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote to adopt and approve the Business Combination Agreement and the other documents
contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit New USARE Warrants for 60,000 shares of New USARE Common
Stock for every $1.0 million by which (x) the gross proceeds at Closing from the Trust Account established by Inflection Point in connection
with its IPO (after giving effect to the Redemption) plus (y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Convertible Preferred Investment, the
Series A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment are below $50.0 million, up to a maximum of New USARE Warrants being forfeited
for 1,500,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock. These New USARE Warrants are recorded entirely within permanent equity. On January 31,
2025, the Sponsor, Inflection Point, and USARE OpCo amended the Sponsor Support Agreement to remove the potential forfeiture related to
such New USARE Warrants. The potential forfeiture and subsequent amendment to remove the potential forfeiture of such New USARE Warrants
will not result in an impact to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet and therefore no pro forma adjustment is required.

Cantor Fee Reduction Agreement

Pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement
between Inflection Point and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters (Cantor),
dated May 24, 2023 (as it may be amended from time to time), Inflection Point previously agreed to pay to Cantor an aggregate cash amount
of $13.1 million as deferred underwriting commissions (the Original Deferred Fee) upon the consummation
of an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of Inflection Point, filed with the SEC (File No. 333-271128),
and dated May 24, 2023. Solely in connection with the Business Combination, Inflection Point, Cantor and USARE OpCo have entered into
that certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the Fee Reduction Agreement), pursuant to which,
upon consummation of the Business Combination, Cantor will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at Inflection Points
option) (A) a cash fee of $4.0 million or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2.0 million plus (2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii)
2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement) exceeds $50.0 million. Additionally,
solely if Inflection Point elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, Cantor will forfeit Private Placement Warrants for 1,650,000
Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares. The Company paid the reduced deferred fee using option (A), paying the cash fee of $4.0 million.
As such, as a pro forma adjustment, the Company relieved the total deferred underwriting fee payable to Cantor, recorded the cash fee
payment of $4.0 million, and recognized the difference within additional paid-in capital. Refer to adjustment J below for the impact
on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

7

Aggregate Earn-out Consideration 

Following the Closing, within five business days
after the occurrence of a Triggering Event (means either Triggering Event I or Triggering Event II, as defined below), Inflection Point
shall issue or cause to be issued to the current USARE OpCo shareholders up to 10,000,000 additional shares of New USARE Common Stock
(which shall be equitably adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
combination, exchange of shares or other like change or transaction with respect to shares of New USARE Common Stock occurring after the
Closing) in two tranches (the Earnout).

The first tranche of the Earnout would include
5,000,000 shares (Earnout Shares) and would be distributed if, during the time period beginning on the date that
is first anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the date that is the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout
Period), the market price of the New USARE Common Stock is greater than or equal to $15 per share and less than $20 per share
(Triggering Event I). The second tranche of 5,000,000 shares of the Earnout would be distributed if, during the Earnout
Period, the market price of the New USARE Common Stock is greater than or equal to $20 per share (Triggering Event II).
Lastly, in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) during the Earnout Period, the Earnout
issuance would be accelerated, and the current shareholders of USARE OpCo would receive Earnout Shares based on the implied value of the
New USARE Common Stock that the holders would receive as consideration in the Change of Control event. If the implied value of the New
USARE Common Stock is greater than or equal to $15 per share and less than $20 per share, the holders would receive 5,000,000 Earnout
Shares. If the implied value of the New USARE Common Stock is greater than or equal to $20 per share, the holders would receive 10,000,000
Earnout Shares. The Company has concluded that the Change of Control provision results in the Earnout Shares being considered not to be
indexed to the Companys own shares pursuant to the guidance within ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and therefore the Earnout
Shares are being recorded as a liability. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the Earnout Shares liability would then be recognized
in earnings each reporting period. Refer to adjustment I below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information.

Compensation of the Sponsor and its Affiliates
in Connection with the Business Combination

The Sponsor received at the Closing (i) 6,250,000
shares of New USARE Common Stock pursuant to the Sponsor Share Conversion and the Domestication, which it acquired for an aggregate purchase
price of $25 thousand and (ii) New USARE Warrants for 6,000,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock upon the conversion of Inflection Point
Warrants for 6,000,000 shares of Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares in the Domestication, which it acquired in a private placement
consummated simultaneously with the IPO at a price of $1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $6.0 million (each a Private
Placement Warrant). Refer to adjustment M below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information as these amounts are included in the recapitalization into New USARE Common Stock.

Compensation of Cohen & Company Capital
Markets

Under USARE OpCos agreement with J.V.B.
Financial Group, LLC, acting through its Cohen & Company Capital Markets division (CCM), CCM received 877,500
shares of New USARE Common Stock at the Closing. Refer to adjustment E2 below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information.

CCM will also receive up to 100,000 additional
shares of New USARE Common Stock upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event. Upon the occurrence of Triggering Event I, CCM will receive
50,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock. Upon the occurrence of Triggering Event II, CCM will receive 50,000 shares of New USARE Common
Stock. Refer to adjustment I below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

8

Non-Redemption and Forward Purchase Agreements

In connection with the Extension Meeting (as defined
below), on November 13, 2024, Inflection Point and Newtyn (as defined below) entered into the Newtyn Non-Redemption Agreement, pursuant
to which Newtyn agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests with respect to) an aggregate of 700,000 Public Shares
in connection with the Extension Meeting in exchange for a forward purchase option with respect to up to 700,000 Public Shares . Pursuant
to the forward purchase option, Newtyn had the right, but not the obligation, to enter into a forward purchase transaction with respect
to up to 700,000 Public Shares in connection with the Closing.

On November 14, 2024, Inflection Point and Harraden
(as defined below) entered into a non-redemption agreement pursuant to which Harraden agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any
redemption requests with respect to) an aggregate of 700,000 Public Shares in connection with the Extension Meeting in exchange for a
forward purchase option with respect to up to 700,000 Public Shares. Pursuant to the forward purchase option, Harraden had the right,
but not the obligation, to enter into a forward purchase transaction with respect to up to 700,000 Public Shares in connection with the
Closing.

Also on November 14, 2024, Inflection Point and
L1 (as defined below) entered into a non-redemption agreement pursuant to which L1 agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption
requests with respect to) an aggregate of 300,000 Public Shares in connection with the Extension Meeting in exchange for a forward purchase
option with respect to up to 300,000 Public Shares. Pursuant to the forward purchase option, L1 had the right, but not the obligation,
to enter into a forward purchase transaction with respect to up to 300,000 Public Shares in connection with the Closing.

On March 11, 2025, pursuant to the options described
above, Inflection Point and USARE OpCo entered into (i) a forward purchase agreement with Harraden Circle Investors LP, Harraden Circle
Special Opportunities LP and Harraden Circle Strategic Investments LP (collectively, Harraden, and such agreement,
the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement), (ii) a forward purchase agreement with Newtyn TE Partners, LP and Newtyn
Partners, LP (collectively, Newtyn, and such agreement, the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement),
and (iii) a forward purchase agreement with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund (L1, and such agreement,
the L1 Forward Purchase Agreement, and together with the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement and the Newtyn Forward
Purchase Agreement, the Forward Purchase Agreements), each for over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transactions
(each, a Forward Purchase Transaction and, together, the Forward Purchase Transactions). Each
Forward Purchase Agreement amended, restated and superseded in its entirety separate forward purchase agreements with each of the Sellers
(as defined below), dated March 10, 2025, which had identical terms to those described herein, except that the Reset Price (as defined
in the Forward Purchase Agreements) was not subject to the floor price described below. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements,
each of Harraden, Newtyn and L1 are referred to, individually, as a Seller and, collectively, as the Sellers).
For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, Inflection Point and New USARE are referred to as the Counterparty
prior to and after the Business Combination, respectively.

Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase
Agreements, (i) Harraden agreed to hold up to 892,825 Public Shares, (ii) Newtyn agreed to hold up to 700,000 Public Shares, and (iii)
L1 agreed to hold up to 297,669 Public Shares in connection with the Closing. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Public
Shares held by each Seller are referred to as such Sellers FPA Shares. Each Seller, acting separately
and solely for its own account, was permitted, if necessary, to (i) reverse its previous election to redeem its Public Shares in connection
with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection Points amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or (ii) purchase Public Shares through a broker in the open market from holders of Public Shares (other than
Inflection Point), including from holders who have previously elected to redeem their Public Shares in connection with the Business Combination
pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection Points amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The
aggregate number of shares subject to each Forward Purchase Agreement (the Number of Shares) was the aggregate number
of FPA Shares as notified to Counterparty by the applicable Seller, but in no event more than such Sellers number of FPA Shares
set forth above. Each Seller notified the Counterparty that it would subject the maximum Number of Shares to their respective Forward
Purchase Agreements. The Number of Shares is subject to reduction following the full or partial optional early termination of the Forward
Purchase Agreements as described below.

9

Each Forward Purchase Agreement provides that
no later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the Closing and (b) the date any assets from Inflection Points
trust account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Seller under such Forward Purchase Agreement was paid directly,
out of the funds held in Inflection Points trust account, an amount (the Prepayment Amount) equal to the product
of (i) the Number of Shares and (ii) an amount (the Initial Price) equal to the redemption price per share payable
to investors who elected to redeem in connection with the Business Combination.

From time to time on any day the Nasdaq is open
for trading following the date of the Closing (any such date, an OET Date), each Seller may, in its absolute discretion,
elect to sell any and all FPA Shares it owns. Any such sale shall automatically terminate such Sellers Forward Purchaser Transaction
in whole or in part with respect to any such number of sold shares. Seller shall, on any day of such OET Date, give written notice to
the Counterparty of such termination and specify the number of sold FPA Shares (such quantity, the Terminated Shares).
As of each OET Date, the Counterparty shall be entitled from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to the Counterparty, an amount equal to
the product of (a) the then in effect Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement and subject to a floor of $4.00) and (b)
the number of Terminated Shares. 

Each Forward Purchase Agreements maturity
date will be the date 90 days after the Closing (the Maturity Date). Upon the occurrence of the Maturity Date, in
exchange for delivery of the then Number of Shares under each Forward Purchase Transaction, the Counterparty shall pay each Seller an
amount (the Maturity Consideration) equal to (i) the number of FPA Shares less the number of Terminated Shares multiplied
by (ii) the Initial Price. The Seller will retain the Maturity Consideration from the Prepayment Amount paid by the Counterparty to the
Seller.

Each Forward Purchase Agreement may be terminated
by any of the parties thereto if any of the following events occur: (a) failure to consummate the Business Combination on or before
the Outside Date (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), as such Outside Date may be amended or extended from time to time,
(b) termination of the Business Combination Agreement prior to the Closing, (c) it being, or, as a consequence of a change in law,
regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller to perform any of its obligations contemplated by a Forward
Purchase Agreement, or (d) upon the occurrence of any Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreements) of
the Counterparty. Upon any termination that occurs following the closing of the Business Combination due to clauses (c) or (d) above,
Counterparty shall be obligated to promptly accept for redemption all of Sellers FPA Shares less the number of Terminated Shares
in exchange for the Initial Price.

With respect to the Forward Purchase Agreements,
as net proceeds for the shares issued to the Sellers are $0, New USARE has preliminarily determined that the shares are reflected as having
been issued in exchange for a subscription receivable. Refer to adjustment C below for the impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information related to the forward purchase agreements. Refer to adjustments L and EE below for the impact on the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information related to the forward purchase options.

10

Conversion of Sponsor Shares

On November 18, 2024, pursuant to the terms of
the Cayman Constitutional Documents, the Sponsor elected to convert 6,200,000 outstanding Inflection Point Class B Ordinary Shares held
by it on a one-for-one basis into Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares, with immediate effect. Following such conversion and giving
effect to the redemption of some of the Public Shares in connection with the Extension Amendment, as of November 18, 2024, Inflection
Point had an aggregate of 8,405,349 Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding and 50,000 Inflection Point Class
B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024. This transaction does not result in an adjustment in the December 31,
2024 unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information as it is reflected in the Inflection Point historical audited consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.

Extension Proposal

On November 18, 2024, Inflection Point held an
extraordinary general meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting). At the Extension
Meeting, Inflection Points Public Shareholders approved a proposal to amend the Cayman Constitutional Documents to extend the date
by which the Company must complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar
business combination involving Inflection Point and one or more businesses from November 30, 2024 to August 21, 2025.

The submission of the Extension Proposal to amend
the Cayman Constitutional Documents entitled Public Shareholders to redeem their Public Shares for their pro rata portion of the funds
held in the Trust Account. In connection with the Extension Meeting, shareholders holding an aggregate of 22,794,651 Public Shares of
the Company exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately $10.83 per share of the funds held in Inflection Points
Trust Account for a total amount of $246.9 million paid from the Trust Account.

Business Combination Approval

On March 10, 2025, Inflection Point held an extraordinary
general meeting (the Extraordinary General Meeting) to confirm final approval of the Business Combination Agreement.
In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, 128,140 Public Shares of the Company were redeemed.

11

The following summarizes the pro forma outstanding
shares:

Total Capitalization Actual 

Redemptions 

(Shares) % 

Inflection Point Public Shareholders (1) 2,077,209 2.4 %

USARE OpCo shareholders 72,747,711 83.4 %

Sponsor (2) 6,250,000 7.2 %

Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred shareholders (3) 5,233,835 6.0 %

Shares issued to CCM 877,500 1.0 %

Pro forma outstanding shares at December 31, 2024 87,186,255 100.0 %

(1) Reflects the redemption of
128,140 Public Shares in conjunction with the Extraordinary General Meeting held on March 10, 2025.

(2) Includes 6,200,000 Inflection
Point Class A Ordinary Shares resulting from the Sponsor converting 6,200,000 of its Inflection Point Class B Ordinary Shares on a one-to-one
basis to Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares on November 18, 2024 and 50,000 Inflection Point Class B Ordinary Shares that were
held by the Sponsor.

(3) Includes 4,971,739 shares of
New USARE Common Stock underlying 4,971,739 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to the Class A Convertible Preferred Unit Investors
upon conversion of 3,995,098 USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units (taking into account accrued payment-in-kind interest through
March 12, 2025) and 784,314 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to the Additional Series A Cumulative Preferred Stock Investors;
131,048 shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying 131,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to Mr. Blitzer upon conversion
of 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units (taking into account accrued payment-in-kind interest through March 12, 2025)
issued to him pursuant to the Blitzer Class A SPA; and 131,048 shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying 131,048 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock (taking into account accrued payment-in-kind interest through March 12, 2025) issued to Mr. Blitzer at the close of the
Business Combination pursuant to the Blitzer Series A SPA. In each case, no adjustment to the $12.00 initial conversion price of the
Series A Preferred Stock is assumed.

12

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024

(in thousands, except share
and per share amounts)

Inflection

Point 

(Historical) USA
Rare 

Earth

(Historical) Additional

Financings Transaction

Accounting 

Adjustments Pro
Forma 

Combined 

ASSETS 

Current
assets 

Cash
and cash equivalents $ 2 $ 16,761 $ 22,338 A $ 2,042 C $ 26,218 

(4,869 ) E1 

(6,056 ) E2 

(4,000 ) J 

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets 58 378 436 

Deferred
offering costs 5,134 (5,134 ) E2 

Lease
right-of-use assets 30 30 

Total
Current Assets 60 22,303 22,338 (18,017 ) 26,684 

Marketable
securities held in Trust Account 24,075 (24,075 ) C 

Property,
plant and equipment, net 26,529 26,529 

Mineral
interests, at cost 17,125 17,125 

Equipment
deposits 3,060 3,060 

Other
non-current assets 52 52 

Total
Assets $ 24,135 $ 69,069 $ 22,338 $ (42,092 ) $ 73,450 

LIABILITIES
AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
Liabilities: 

Accounts
payable $ 2,742 $ 1,823 $ $ (2,533 ) E1 $ 2,032 

Accrued
liabilities 3,071 (143 ) B 1,247 

(1,681 ) E2 

Derivative
liability 1,164 (1,164 ) B 

Notes
payable 831 (831 ) B 

Convertible
promissory note - related party 1,200 250 A (725 ) K1 

(725 ) K2 

Lease
liability, current 23 23 

Other
current liabilities 13 13 

Total
Current Liabilities 3,942 6,925 250 (7,802 ) 3,315 

Earnout
liability 102,536 I 102,536 

Deferred
grants 8,200 8,200 

Forward
purchase agreements 49 (49 ) L 

Deferred
underwriting fee payable 13,100 (13,100 ) J 

Total
Liabilities 17,091 15,125 250 81,585 114,051 

Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 2,205,349 issued and outstanding shares at redemption value of $10.92 per share
as of December 31, 2024 24,075 (1,243 ) C 

(22,832 ) F 

New
USARE 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 7,393 A 1,578 K1 44,241 

35,270 M 

Class
A-2 Convertible preferred shares subject to possible redemption of $15,405 at December 31, 2024, no par value, 25,000,000 authorized
and 1,510,297 outstanding as of December 31, 2024 11,804 14,097 A (25,901 ) M 

Subscription
receivable (967 ) 967 K2 

SHAREHOLDERS
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

New
USARE Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 1 F 9 

8 M 

Class A
ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 6,200,000 issued and outstanding (excluding 2,205,349 shares subject
to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2024 1 (1 ) M 

Class B
ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 50,000 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 

Class
A Common, no par value, 500,000,000 units authorized; 206,520,542 units outstanding as of December 31, 2024 3,704 (3,704 ) M 

Class
B Common, no par value, 500,000,000 units authorized; 20,778,672 units outstanding as of December 31, 2024 3,189 (3,189 ) M 

Class
A-1 Convertible preferred shares/units, no par value, 25,000,000 units authorized; 1,228,716 units outstanding as of December 31,
2024 9,369 (9,369 ) M 

Class
C Convertible preferred shares/units, no par value, 58,228,499 units authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 79,314 (79,314 ) M 

Class
C-1 Convertible preferred shares/units, no par value, 30,000,000 units authorized; 8,520,221 units outstanding as of December 31,
2024 14,534 (14,534 ) M 

Additional
paid-in capital 3,509 598 A 2,138 B 12,636 

(6,946 ) E2 

22,831 F 

(17,032 ) G 

240 H 

(102,536 ) I 

9,100 J 

100,734 M 

Subscription
receivable (283 ) (20,790 ) C (20,790 )

283 K2 

Accumulated
deficit (17,032 ) (72,872 ) (2,336 ) E1 (79,340 )

(2,563 ) E2 

17,032 G 

(240 ) H 

(853 ) K1 

(525 ) K2 

49 L 

Non-controlling
interests 2,643 2,643 

Total
Shareholders Equity (Deficit) (17,031 ) 43,107 22,088 (111,516 ) (84,842 )

Total
Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) $ 24,135 $ 69,069 $ 22,338 $ (42,092 ) $ 73,450 

13

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

Inflection 

Point 

Historical USA Rare 

Earth 

Historical Transaction 

Accounting 

Adjustments Pro Forma 

Combined 

Operating Costs and Expenses: 

Formation and operating costs $ 4,077 $ $ $ 4,077 

General and administrative 6,209 2,336 BB 11,348 

2,563 CC 

240 DD 

Other employee compensation 6,022 6,022 

Mining exploration, development and other 1,078 1,078 

Equity-based compensation 1,738 1,738 

Research and development 303 303 

Depreciation and amortization 235 235 

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 4,077 15,585 5,139 24,801 

Loss from operations (4,077 ) (15,585 ) (5,139 ) (24,801 )

Other Income and Expense 

Investment income 285 285 

Other income, net 11 11 

Impairment of equity investments (405 ) (405 )

Change in fair value of financial instruments (379 ) 744 GG 365 

Interest income / (expense), net 6 (319 ) 311 GG (2 )

Loss on issuance of forward purchase agreements (485 ) 485 EE 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreements 436 (436 ) EE 

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 12,020 (12,020 ) AA 

Loss on extinguishment of promissory note (1,378 ) FF (1,378 )

Total Other Income and Expense 11,977 (807 ) (12,294 ) (1,124 )

Net Income (Loss) $ 7,900 (16,392 ) $ (17,434 ) (25,926 )

Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interest (657 ) (657 )

Net Loss
Attributable to USARE OpCo Members/ New USARE Shareholders $ (15,735 ) $ (25,269 )

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable shares 22,321,940 

Basic and diluted net income per share $ 0.39 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable shares 6,250,000 

Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.14 ) 

Basic and diluted weighted average units outstanding, Class A Common 206,520,542 

Basic and diluted net loss per common unit, Class A Common $ (0.11 ) 

Basic and diluted weighted average units outstanding, Class B Common 20,778,672 

Basic and diluted net loss per common unit, Class B Common $ (0.11 ) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 81,952,420 

Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.40 )

14

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO
FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Note 1. Basis of Presentation

The Business Combination will be accounted for
as a reverse recapitalization, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting,
Inflection Point will be treated as the accounting acquiree and USARE OpCo as the accounting acquirer for
financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination will be treated as the equivalent of USARE
OpCo issuing shares for the net assets of Inflection Point, followed by a recapitalization. The net assets of Inflection Point will be
stated at historical cost. Operations prior to the Business Combination will be those of USARE OpCo.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance
sheet as of December 31, 2024 assumes that the Business Combination and related transactions occurred on December 31, 2024. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 gives pro forma effect to the Business Combination
and related transactions as if they had occurred on January 1, 2024. These periods are presented on the basis that USARE OpCo is the acquirer
for accounting purposes.

The pro forma adjustments reflecting the consummation
of the Business Combination and related transactions are based on certain currently available information and certain assumptions and
methodologies that Inflection Point believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The unaudited condensed combined pro forma adjustments,
which are described in the accompanying notes, may be revised as additional information becomes available and is evaluated. Therefore,
it is likely that the actual adjustments will differ from the pro forma adjustments and it is possible the difference may be material.
Inflection Point believes that its assumptions and methodologies provide a reasonable basis for presenting all of the significant effects
of the Business Combination and related transactions based on information available to management at the time and that the pro forma adjustments
give appropriate effect to those assumptions and are properly applied in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information does not give effect to any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, tax savings, or cost savings that may be associated
with the Business Combination. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is not necessarily indicative of what
the actual results of operations and financial position would have been had the Business Combination and related transactions taken place
on the dates indicated, nor are they indicative of the future consolidated results of operations or financial position of the post-combination
company. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information should be read in conjunction with the historical financial
statements and notes thereto of Inflection Point and USARE OpCo.

Note 2. Accounting Policies and Reclassifications

Management performed a comprehensive review of
the two entities accounting policies. As a result of the review, management did not identify any material differences related to
the application of the accounting policies applied by Inflection Point and USARE OpCo that would require adjustments in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information. As a result, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does
not assume any differences in accounting policies.

As part of the preparation of the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information, certain reclassifications were made to align Inflection Points financial statement
presentation with that of USARE OpCo.

15

Note 3. Adjustments to the Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information has been prepared to illustrate the effect of the Business Combination and related transactions and has been prepared for
informational purposes only.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X. Inflection Point has elected not to present Managements
Adjustments and will only be presenting Transaction Accounting Adjustments in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
Inflection Point and USARE OpCo have not had any historical relationship prior to the Business Combination. Accordingly, no pro forma
adjustments were required to eliminate activities between the companies.

The pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share
amount presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations is based upon the number of shares of New USARE
Common Stock outstanding, assuming the Business Combination and related transactions occurred on January 1, 2024.

Adjustments to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Balance Sheet Resulting from Additional Financing Transactions

The pro forma adjustments for additional
financing transactions represent significant transactions completed by USARE OpCo and Inflection Point subsequent to December 31, 2024
as follows:

A. Represents (1) Inflection Points issuance of the Convertible Promissory Note to Michael Blitzer,
its Chief Executive Officer, on August 13, 2024, pursuant to which Inflection Point could borrow up to $2.5 million from Mr. Blitzer,
for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of Inflection Point and the consummation of the Business Combination; (2) the
issuance of USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants pursuant to the Additional Class
A-2 Convertible Preferred SPAs executed on January 31, 2025 which generated proceeds of $14.5 million, net of equity issuance costs of
$0.8 million; and (3) the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Investor Warrants pursuant to the Additional Series
A Convertible Preferred SPAs executed on March 11, 2025 which generated proceeds of $7.6 million, net of equity issuance costs of $0.4
million.

For the USARE Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Unit investment, the net proceeds are allocated on a relative fair value basis, resulting in $14.1 million being allocated to
the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and $0.4 million being allocated to the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants.

For the Series A Preferred Stock investment,
the net proceeds are allocated on a relative fair value basis, resulting in $7.4 million being allocated to the Series A Preferred Stock
and $0.2 million being allocated to the Series A Preferred Investor Warrants.

As of December 31, 2024, Inflection
Point has borrowed $1.2 million from Mr. Blitzer under the Convertible Promissory Note and an additional $0.3 million was borrowed subsequent
to year end, which has been reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments to the
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet

The adjustments included in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 are as follows:

B. Represents the elimination of accrued interest of $0.1 million, notes payable balance of $0.8 million,
and related derivative liability of $1.2 million related to the Hatch Note as a result of the settlement of the Hatch Note in full by
issuing 683,512 USARE Class A Common Units to Hatch with a total equity value of $2.1 million.

16

C. Reflects (1) the additional redemption of 128,140 Public Shares subsequent to December 31, 2024 for aggregate
redemption payments of $1.4 million using a redemption price of $11.00 per share in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting
which occurred on March 10, 2025, (2) the Prepayment Amount of $20.8 million paid directly to the Sellers pursuant to the Forward Purchase
Agreements (and recorded as a subscription receivable), and (3) the reclassification of the remaining marketable securities of $2.0 million
held in the Trust Account, after the impact of the redemptions and the Prepayment Amount noted above and dividend income of $0.2 million
earned subsequent to December 31, 2024 through February 28, 2025, to Cash and cash equivalents.

D. Not used.

E. Represents transaction costs of USARE OpCo and of Inflection Point in connection with the Business Combination.

1. Inflection Points total transaction costs of $5.4 million include legal, advisory, printing, and
accounting fees. Of this amount, $3.0 million has already been incurred as of December 31, 2024, of which $2.5 million has been included
within Inflection Points accounts payable, and $0.5 million has been paid and is reflected in the December 31, 2024 historical
financial statements of Inflection Point. Therefore $4.9 million remains to be paid at Closing ($5.4 million less $0.5 million). These
transaction costs are directly attributable to the Business Combination and are recorded to general and administrative expenses (refer
to adjustment BB).

2. USARE OpCos total estimated transaction costs of $21.9 million include legal, advisory, and accounting
fees ($18.6 million) and bonuses ($3.3 million).

Of the $18.6 million legal, advisory,
and accounting fees, $5.1 million has been incurred as of December 31, 2024 and is recorded in Deferred offering costs $4.2 million
has been paid in cash and the remaining $0.9 million is included in USARE OpCos accrued liabilities. USARE OpCo expects to incur
an additional $13.5 million of offering costs $4.1 million will be paid in cash at or prior to the Closing (which includes $1.0
million to be paid to CCM as an advisory fee), which includes the $0.9 million recorded in Accrued liabilities, and the remaining $10.3
million will be paid in New USARE Common Stock as a result of USARE OpCos arrangement with CCM whereby USARE OpCo agreed to pay
a fee for certain advisory services relating to the Business Combination and has been recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital.
The fee equates to a total of 877,500 shares of New USARE Common Stock, which were valued at $11.67 per share, resulting in a total value
of $10.3 million. These offering costs are recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital given the Business Combination is being
accounted for as a reverse recapitalization.

Of the $3.3 million related to bonuses,
$1.9 million was paid in cash and represents a one-time compensation expense to certain employees and consultants pursuant to existing
transaction bonus agreements which provided for a bonus payment that was triggered by the close of the Business Combination, of which
$0.8 million has already been incurred as of December 31, 2024 and is included in USARE OpCos accrued liabilities. An additional
$0.6 million of this bonus amount was paid in USARE Class A Units, and represents a one-time compensation expense to certain consultants,
pursuant to existing transaction bonus agreements which provided for the units to be paid as a bonus by the close of the Business Combination.
The remaining $0.8 million was paid in restricted stock units, and represents a one-time compensation expense to certain employees, including
USARE OpCos Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to existing employment agreements which provided for the payment of these restricted
stock units upon the completion of the Business Combination. These bonuses are recorded within general and administrative expenses due
to the nature of these expenses being compensatory in nature (refer to adjustment CC).

17

F. Reflects the reclassification of 2,077,209 Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible
redemption valued at $22.8 million into permanent equity.

G. Reflects the reclassification of Inflection Points historical accumulated deficit of $17.0 million
to additional paid-in capital as part of the reverse recapitalization.

H. Reflects the one-time equity compensation expense of $0.2 million related to the accelerated vesting of
legacy USARE Incentive Units pursuant to pre-existing grant agreements, which provided for such acceleration upon a change in control,
which was triggered by the Business Combination.

I. Represents the estimated fair value of the earnout liability upon consummation of the Business Combination.
The earnout shares are issuable starting on the first anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the sixth anniversary of the Closing
Date, however they are contingent upon various triggering events being met. The triggering events include Triggering Event I and Triggering
Event II:

Triggering Event I = the stock price of the New USARE Common Stock is greater than or equal to $15 per
share.

Triggering Event II = the stock price of the New USARE Common Stock is greater than or equal to $20 per
share.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, in the event of a change of control of New USARE during the Earnout Period, earnout shares will be issued if the eligible current
USARE OpCo holders have the right to receive consideration implying a value per share of the New USARE Common Stock greater than or equal
to $15 per share. As the shares are cancellable, they will not be considered outstanding at Closing.

The valuation of the earnout liability
was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The stock price on the valuation date was $10.92, with an earnout period beginning on the
date that is the first anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the date that is the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date. The risk-free
rate of the remaining term is 4.33%, and the rounded equity volatility is 66.0%. These inputs resulted in simulations determining estimated
fair value outcomes between $102.3 million and $102.8 million. Therefore, the average estimated fair value of these outcomes of $102.5
million, or $10.15 on a per share basis, was used for the estimated fair value of the earnout liability.

As the shares are only issuable upon
the various triggering events, the potential outcomes include a range from no liability (if no triggering event occurs) to the value of
the full 10,100,000 shares to be issued if both triggering events are achieved. Taking into account the potential upside due to share
appreciation, the simulation provides a maximum aggregate liability of $205.7 million, or $17.41 on a per share basis for Triggering Event
I and $23.32 on a per share basis for Triggering Event II, for an average per share value of $20.37.

J. Reflects the settlement of the Inflection Point $13.1 million deferred underwriting fee payable to Cantor
as part of the Fee Reduction Agreement that was accrued on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 and due upon Closing. New USARE settled
the deferred underwriting fee payable by paying $4.0 million in cash. The difference of $9.1 million between the payment to settle the
deferred underwriting fee payable and the balance of the deferred underwriting fee payable as of December 31, 2024 is reflected within
additional paid-in capital.

K. Represents the exchange/settlement of Michael Blitzers convertible promissory note as follows:

1. Inflection Point issued at Closing 122,549 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer in exchange
for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note. The fair value of the Series A Preferred
Stock being issued to Mr. Blitzer for this forgiveness is $1.6 million. As a result, an extinguishment loss of $0.9 million was recognized
in connection with the forgiveness of $0.7 million in Convertible Promissory Notes.

18

2. USARE OpCo issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor
Warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units in exchange for Mr. Blitzers promise to forgive, at Closing, the remaining
50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note, totaling $0.7 million. As of December 31, 2024, this was accounted
for as a subscription receivable, with $0.3 million of the receivable recorded within permanent equity and $1.0 million within mezzanine
equity. The subscription receivable is settled in the December 31, 2024 unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet given it
was exchanged for 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note upon the Closing. The remaining balance of $0.5
million was recognized as an extinguishment loss.

L. Reflects the elimination of the forward purchase agreement options as these options were exercised at
Closing.

M. Represents the recapitalization of 1) historical USARE Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class C-1 shares/units
and the remaining Inflection Point Class A Ordinary Shares into New USARE Common Stock after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio at the
close of the Business Combination and 2) historical USARE Class A-1 and Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units into Series A Preferred
Stock.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments to the
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

AA. Reflects elimination of investment income on the Trust Account of $12.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2024.

BB. Reflects estimated non-recurring transaction costs not reflected
in the December 31, 2024 historical audited financial statements to be incurred by Inflection Point of $2.3 million as if they were incurred
on January 1, 2024, the date the Business Combination occurred for purposes of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
operations.

CC. Reflects the one-time compensation expense of $2.6 million
related to bonuses of $1.9 million paid in cash to certain USARE OpCo employees and consultants pursuant to existing transaction bonus
agreements which provided for a bonus payment that was triggered by the close of the Business Combination, of which $0.8 million has
already been incurred as of December 31, 2024; $0.6 million issued in USARE Class A Units to certain USARE OpCo consultants pursuant
to existing bonus agreements which provided for the payment of these USARE Class A Units immediately prior to the completion of the Business
Combination; and $0.8 million issued in restricted stock units to certain USARE OpCo employees, including USARE OpCos Chief Executive
Officer, pursuant to existing employment agreements which provided for the payment of these restricted stock units upon the completion
of the Business Combination.

DD. Reflects the one-time compensation expense of $0.2 million
related to the accelerated vesting of legacy USARE Incentive Units pursuant to pre-existing grant agreements which provided for such
acceleration upon a change in control, which was triggered by the close of the Business Combination.

EE. Reflects the elimination of the loss on issuance of the forward
purchase agreement options and the elimination of the change in fair value of the forward purchase agreement options as these options
were exercised at Closing.

FF. Reflects extinguishment loss of $1.4 million related to the
exchange of the Convertible Promissory Note held by Mr. Blitzer for Series A Preferred Stock, USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units,
and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant issued to Mr. Blitzer.

GG. Reflects elimination of interest expense of $0.3 million
and change in fair value of the derivative liability of $0.7 million related to the settlement of the Hatch Note for the year ended December
31, 2024.

19

Note 4. Net Loss per Share

Net loss per share was calculated using the historical
weighted average shares outstanding, and the issuance of additional shares in connection with the Business Combination. As the Business
Combination is being reflected as if it had occurred at the beginning of the year, the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding
for basic and diluted net loss per share assumes that the shares issuable relating to the Business Combination have been outstanding for
the entirety of the year.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information has been prepared to present the net loss per share with respect to redemption of Public Shares of common stock by Public
Shareholders at the time of the Business Combination for the year ended December 31, 2024:

For the Year 

Ended

December 31, 

2024(1) 

Numerator: 

Pro forma net loss $ (25,926 )

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (657 )

Plus: Annual 12% cumulative dividend for Series A Preferred Stock (7,763 )

Pro forma net loss attributable to
New USARE shareholders $ (33,032 )

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 81,952,420 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted $ (0.40 )

Potentially dilutive securities(2): 

Series A Preferred Stock 5,233,835 

Earnout Shares 10,100,000 

Public Warrants 12,500,000 

Private Placement Warrants(3) 6,000,000 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 784,314 

(1) Pro forma net loss per share
includes the related pro forma adjustments as referred to within the section Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Information.

(2) The potentially dilutive outstanding
securities were excluded from the computation of pro forma net loss per share, basic and diluted, because their effect would have been
anti-dilutive and/or issuance or vesting of such shares is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions which were not satisfied
by the end of the period presented.

(3) Excludes 1,650,000 Private
Placement Warrants held by Cantor, which were forfeited under the Cantor Fee Reduction Agreement.

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.6
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ea023473701ex99-6_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ANNOUNCING THE CLOSING OF THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AND UPSIZED PIPE FUNDING
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.6

USA Rare Earth and Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II Announce Closing of Business Combination and Upsized PIPE Funding

USA Rare Earth to Begin Trading on March 14th
on the Nasdaq Under New Ticker Symbol USAR

STILLWATER, OK March 13, 2025 
USA Rare Earth, Inc. (USARE or the Company), a company building out a domestic rare earth magnet supply chain
that includes the mining and processing of heavy rare earths and other critical minerals, today announced that it has completed its business
combination with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: IPXX) (IPXX), a special purpose acquisition company (the
Business Combination). The Business Combination was approved by IPXX stockholders in a special meeting held on March 10,
2025 and formally closed on March 13, 2025. USARE and IPXX also announced an additional $8 million upsize to the PIPE today contributed
by affiliates of IPXX and other investors in connection with this business combination. This brings the total investment of IPXXs
affiliates and other pre-funded PIPE investors to nearly $50 million.

On March 14, 2025, USAREs common stock
and public warrants will begin trading on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol USAR and USARW respectively.

USA Rare Earth has a unique opportunity to become
the leading domestic supplier of rare earth neo magnets and heavy rare earths required for technologies across a wide range of industries,
including semiconductors, defense, robotics, electric vehicles and energy transition among others.

The recent news on tariffs and rising global
geopolitical tensions are a wake-up call for America we must build a domestic rare earth mineral and magnet supply chain here
at home to support a wide range of critical technologies, including our national defense, commented Joshua Ballard, USA Rare
Earths CEO. Im incredibly proud of this team as the closing of this transaction and our listing on Nasdaq is
another key milestone in our evolution in building this supply chain. The additional capital raised will help propel us forward as we
build one of the largest magnet facilities in North America to serve the wider neo magnet market, as well as develop our incredibly unique
deposit at Round Top that, in my opinion, is a strategic national asset.

Michael Blitzer, CEO of IPXX, added: The
public listing of USA Rare Earth marks a significant milestone for our company, our customers, and U.S. national security. The Companys
strategic vision to return the USA to domestic rare earth magnetic production is now one step closer. We look forward to working closely
with our experienced management team and shareholder and government constituents to build a strategic national asset.

USA Rare Earth is currently building the first
phase of its neo magnet facility in Stillwater, Oklahoma which is expected to be operational in early 2026. This first phase is targeting
a production capacity of 1,200 metric tons per annum tpa and will serve a diverse set of customers and industries. The Company
plans to expand capacity to nearly 5,000 tpa in future phases, to become one of the largest manufacturers in North America. USARE intends
to ultimately supply its magnet production from its control of the mining rights to the Round Top Mountain deposit in West Texas (Round
Top).

Round Top is an above-ground mineral deposit containing
at least 15 of the 17 rare earth elements, plus gallium, beryllium and other critical tech minerals. The Company has successfully piloted
proprietary rare earth separation technology, which it plans to deploy once mining at Round Top begins.

Advisors

Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division
of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, is the exclusive financial advisor, lead capital markets advisor, and private placement agent to USARE.
White & Case LLP is serving as legal counsel to IPXX, and King & Spalding LLP is serving as legal counsel to USARE. Gateway Group
is serving as investor relations and public relations advisor for the transaction.

About USA Rare Earth 

USA Rare Earth, Inc. is building a domestic rare
earth magnet supply chain. USARE is constructing a rare earth neo magnet manufacturing facility in Stillwater, Oklahoma. USARE also controls
mining rights to the Round Top-heavy rare earth and critical minerals deposit in West Texas, which holds significant deposits of heavy
rare earth minerals, such as dysprosium and terbium, as well as other critical tech metals such as gallium, beryllium, lithium, and other
critical minerals. USAREs magnets and rare earth minerals are required for a wide variety of products used in the defense, automotive,
aviation, industrial, medical, and consumer electronics industries.

For more information about USA Rare Earth, visit www.usare.com.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding or similar to: estimates and forecasts
of financial and operational metrics; plans, goals, ambitions, targets, projections, future business and operations regarding future mining
capabilities, operations, manufacturing capacity and plant performance; projections of market opportunity and market share; the Companys
commercialization costs and timeline; the Companys ability to timely and effectively meet construction and mining timelines and
scale its production and manufacturing processes; the Companys ability to maintain, protect, and enhance its intellectual property;
development of favorable regulations and government demand, contracts, and incentives affecting the markets in which the Company operates;
the Companys ability to receive and/or maintain the necessary permits and other government approvals necessary to operate its business;
any estimates with respect to the rare earth and critical element and mineral deposits in the Texas Round Top deposit; the Companys
expectations with respect to future performance of the Companys business; the expected funding of any future equity investment;
and the financial impacts of the Business Combination. For example, any projections of future enterprise value, revenue, market share,
and other metrics are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate,
believe, continue, estimate, expect, intend, may,
potential, predict, should, or will, or, or the negatives of these terms or variations
of them or similar terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words.

2

These forward-looking statements are based upon
estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by the Company and its management, are inherently uncertain. These forward-looking
statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as,
a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction, or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult
or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Company.
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current
expectations include, but are not limited to: changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political conditions, and in
applicable laws and regulations; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that have or may be instituted against the Company ; the ability
to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Business Combination; the risk that the Business Combination
disrupts current plans and operations of the Company following consummation of the Business Combination; the ability to recognize the
anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things: competition, the ability of the combined
company to grow and manage growth profitably, the ability of the combined company to build or maintain relationships with customers and
suppliers and retain its management and key employees, the supply and demand for rare earth minerals, the timing and amount of future
production, costs of production, capital expenditures and requirements for additional capital, timing of future cash flow provided by
operating activities, if any, uncertainty in any mineral estimates, uncertainty in any geological, metallurgical, and geotechnical studies
and opinions, and transportation risks; ability to absorb the costs related to the Business Combination; the possibility that the Company
may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; risks related to the development of the Companys
magnet production facility and the timing of expected production milestones; and other risks and uncertainties set forth documents filed
by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the sections entitled Risk Factors
and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and similar sections in its filings with the SEC, including the
Registration Statement relating to the Business Combination filed by the Company, and any periodic Exchange Act reports filed with the
SEC such as its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K. The recipient of this press
release should carefully consider the foregoing risk factors and the other risks and uncertainties which will be more fully described
in the documents filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or the underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional
risks that the Company does not presently know or that it currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ
from contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect the Companys expectations, plans,
or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this press release. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation
by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking
statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company and its representatives
and affiliates specifically disclaim any obligation to, and do not intend to, update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Accordingly, these forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as
representing the Companys or any of its respective representatives or affiliates assessments as of any date subsequent to
the date of this press release, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Information contained
on our website is not a part of or incorporated into this press release.

Investor Relations Contact:

Lionel McBee

VP, Investor Relations

832-334-3685

lionel.mcbee@usare.com

Media Relations Contact:

Gateway Group

Zach Kadletz

949-574-3860

USARE@Gateway-grp.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>usar-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>usar-20250313_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>usar-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>usar-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex99-6_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex99-6_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41711

Entity Registrant Name USA
RARE EARTH, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001970622

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1720278

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 100
W Airport Road

Entity Address, City or Town Stillwater

Entity Address, State or Province OK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 74075

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 867-6155

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol USAR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants
to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol USARW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=USAR_CommonStockSharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=USAR_WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inflectionpointacquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0234737-8k_usarare.htm 
usar-20250313.xsd 
usar-20250313_def.xml 
usar-20250313_lab.xml 
usar-20250313_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-025163-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ea0234737-8k_usarare_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001970622 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001970622 

USAR:CommonStockSharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001970622 

USAR:WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001970622 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
USA RARE EARTH, INC. 
DE 
001-41711 
98-1720278 
100 W Airport Road 
Stillwater 
OK 
74075 
813 
867-6155 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
USAR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
USARW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>