<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-038647.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-038647.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424161429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-038647
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250422
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FS Specialty Lending Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001501729
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00841
		FILM NUMBER:		25867490

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ROUSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-495-1150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ROUSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FS Energy & Power Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100920
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000150172900015017292025-04-222025-04-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported) April 22, 2025

FS Specialty Lending Fund

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

814-00841

(Commission

File
Number) 

27-6822130

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

201
Rouse Boulevard

Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

19112

(Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code (215)
495-1150

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

x Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 22, 2025, the Board of Trustees (the
Board) of FS Specialty Lending Fund (the Fund) approved a plan to list the common shares of beneficial interest,
par value $0.001 per share (common shares), on a national securities exchange prior to the end of 2025, subject to shareholder
approval, market conditions and final board approval. In connection with the listing, the Board determined to convert the Fund from a
business development company to a closed-end fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act).
To effectuate the conversion to a closed-end fund, the Board approved the merger of the Fund (the Reorganization) with and
into New FS Specialty Lending Fund (the Successor Fund), a newly organized Delaware statutory trust registered under the
1940 Act as a closed-end fund, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Reorganization Agreement), dated
as of April 22, 2025, among the Fund, the Successor Fund, and, for the limited purposes set forth therein, FS/EIG Advisor, LLC, the
investment adviser to the Fund (the Adviser). The Reorganization Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Reorganization, have been approved by the Board of the Fund and the board of trustees of the Successor Fund. The
description of the Reorganization Agreement set forth in this Item 1.01 is qualified in its entirety by reference to the content
of the Reorganization Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Following the Reorganization, the Successor Fund
intends to change its name to FS Specialty Lending Fund and to seek to list its common shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol FSSL. Management of the Fund and the Board of the Fund believe that listing the shares of the Fund as a registered
closed-end fund will be in the best interest of Fund shareholders.

As a result of the Reorganization, Fund shareholders
will hold an investment in a registered closed-end investment company that has not elected to be treated as a business development company
under the 1940 Act. The Successor Fund will have the same investment objectives and investment policies as the Fund and will operate pursuant
to investment restrictions substantially identical to those of the Fund, except for certain requirements applicable to the Fund as a result
of its election to be regulated as a business development company which will not apply to the Successor Fund. The Successor Fund will
be overseen by a board of trustees comprised of the same members as the Board of the Fund. The Successor Fund will continue to be managed
by the Adviser, subject to the transaction involving the Adviser described under Item 8.01.

In the Reorganization, Shareholders of the Fund
will receive Successor Fund shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shares such shareholder
held in the Fund immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reorganization as determined pursuant to the Reorganization. Because the
Successor Fund will have no assets or operations prior to the Closing Date, it is expected that shareholders of the Fund will receive
one share of the Successor Fund for each share of the Fund held as of the Closing Date (and a fractional share of the Successor Fund for
each fractional share of the Fund held).

Completion of the Reorganization is subject to
various customary conditions, including approval of the Reorganization Agreement by Fund shareholders. Shareholders of the Fund will be
asked to vote on the Reorganization at a special meeting of shareholders expected to take place later this year, at a time and location
to be determined by the Board. A proxy statement/prospectus containing information about the special meeting of shareholders and the Reorganization
is expected to be provided to each Fund shareholder of record as of the record date for the special meeting of shareholders, which date
will be determined by the Board.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

Frequently-asked-questions regarding the matters
described herein made available by the Fund is furnished as Exhibit 99.1.

A presentation deck of the overview of the matters
described herein made available by the Fund is furnished as Exhibit 99.2.

A transcript of a recording of the overview of
the matters described herein in connection with the presentation deck made available by the Fund is furnished as Exhibit 99.3

Item 8.01 Other Items.

Reverse Share Split

In advance of the anticipated listing, the Board
has approved a reverse share split, to be effective on or around May 15, 2025. As of the effective time of the reverse share split,
every six common shares of the Fund will be combined into one share, and each shareholders common shares will automatically be
converted into a number of common shares (and/or fractional common shares, as applicable) equal to the number of common shares of the
Fund held immediately prior to the reverse share split divided by six. In effect, the reverse share split will reduce the number of common
shares of the Fund outstanding while maintaining the Funds and each shareholders aggregate net asset value. Immediately
following the reverse share split, each shareholder of record will hold the same percentage of the Funds outstanding common shares
as held immediately prior to the reverse share split. There will be no change in the par value of $0.001 per share as a result of the
reverse share split. In addition, the reverse share split will not modify the rights or preferences of the Funds common shares.

The reverse share split generally is not expected
to result in a taxable transaction for holders of Fund shares.

The reverse share split will have the effect of
increasing the net asset value per share of the Fund. The reverse share split will facilitate compliance with NYSE listing requirements,
which mandate a minimum listing share price of $4.00 per share; meet minimum share price requirements for certain intermediaries, broker
dealers and custodians, and align the share price with public closed-end fund peers, which generally range from $10 to $20 per share.

Amendments to Declaration of Trust

On April 22, 2025, the Board approved certain
amendments to the Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the Declaration of Trust) of the Fund. Such amendments are intended
to align the Declaration of Trust with the anticipated operation of the Fund as a registered closed-end fund. Such amendments are subject
to approval by shareholders of the Fund. The approval of such amendments is a condition to shareholders consideration of the Reorganization.

Adviser Transaction

The Adviser is jointly operated by an affiliate
of Franklin Square Holdings, L.P. (which does business as FS Investments) (FS), and EIG Asset Management, LLC (EIG).
Concurrently with the closing of the Reorganization, FS will acquire EIGs interest in the Adviser (the Adviser Transaction),
the Adviser will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Franklin Square Holdings, L.P. and the Adviser will be renamed FS Specialty
Lending Advisor, LLC . The Adviser personnel from FS that provide services to the Fund will continue to provide services to the Successor
Fund following the completion of the Reorganization and the Adviser Transaction.

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

Statements included herein may constitute forward-looking
statements as that term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements with regard to future events or the future performance
or operations of the Fund, including but not limited to, anticipated distribution rates and liquidity events. Words such as intends,
will, believes, expects, projects, future and may
or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent
uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include changes in the economy
due to geo-political risks, risks associated with possible disruption to the Funds operations or the economy generally due to hostilities,
terrorism, natural disasters or pandemics, future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in the Funds operating area, unexpected
costs, the ability of the Fund to complete the reorganization, complete the listing of the common shares on a national securities exchange,
the price at which the common shares may trade on a national securities exchange, and failure to list the common shares on a national
securities exchange, and such other factors that are disclosed in the Funds filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC). The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that any plans, estimates
or expectations will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. Except as required by
federal securities laws, the Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

In
connection with the Reorganization and Declaration of Trust amendments discussed herein, the Fund and the Successor Fund expect to file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) solicitation materials in the form of a joint proxy statement/prospectus
that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be
amended or withdrawn and the proxy statement and/or joint proxy statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and
until the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC. Investors are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and any
other relevant documents filed or to be filed with the SEC carefully when they become available because they will contain important information
about the Reorganization, the Declaration of Trust amendment proposals, the Fund and the Successor Fund. After they are filed, free copies
of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents will be available on the SECs web site at www.sec.gov
or at the Funds website at www.fsproxy.com.

Important Information

The Fund, its trustees and certain of its officers
may be considered to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders in connection with the matters described herein.
Information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests in the Fund, by security holdings
or otherwise, are set forth in the proxy statement and any other materials filed with the SEC in connection with the Funds 2024
annual meeting of shareholders. Additional information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect
interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the matters described herein
when it is available. Shareholders are able to obtain any proxy statement, any amendments or supplements to the proxy statement and other
documents filed by the Fund with the SEC for no charge at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Copies are available at no charge at
the Funds website at www.fsproxy.com.

Investors should consider a funds investment
objective, risks, and charges and expenses before investing. The proxy statement/prospectus, when available, will contain this and other
information about the fund, including risk factors that should be carefully considered.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Reorganization Agreement) dated as of April 22, 2025, among the Fund, the Successor Fund, and, for the limited purposes set forth therein, FS/EIG Advisor, LLC

99.1 Frequently Asked Questions

99.2 Presentation Deck

99.3 Transcript of Recording included with Presentation Deck

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FS SPECIALTY LENDING FUND

Date: April 24, 2025 By: 

/s/ Stephen Sypherd

Name: Stephen Sypherd

Title: General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

THIS
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (the Agreement) is made as of this 22nd day of April, 2025 by and
among New FS Specialty Lending Fund (the Successor Fund), a newly created statutory business trust formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware, FS Specialty Lending Fund (the Predecessor Fund) and, for purposes of Section 1.3
of this Agreement only, FS/EIG Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and investment adviser to the Fund (the Adviser).
The Successor Fund and the Predecessor Fund may be referred to herein individually as a Fund and, collectively, as
the Funds.

This
Agreement is intended to be, and is adopted as, a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

The
reorganization of the Predecessor Fund will consist of the merger of the Predecessor Fund with and into the Successor Fund pursuant
to which holders (collectively, Predecessor Fund Shareholders) of common shares of beneficial interest, par
value $0.001 per share, of the Predecessor Fund (the Predecessor Fund Shares) will receive newly issued common shares
of beneficial interest, par value $0.001 per share, of the Successor Fund (Successor Fund Shares) as provided herein,
all upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (the Merger).

WHEREAS, the Successor Fund currently has no assets
and has carried on no business activities prior to the date first shown above and will have had no or de minimis assets and will have
carried on no business activities prior to the consummation of the transactions described herein, other than as necessary to complete
the transactions contemplated hereby; and

WHEREAS, the Successor Fund is authorized to issue
the Successor Fund Shares.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and of the covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

Article I

MERGER

Section 1.1 Merger.
Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein and on the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, and in accordance
with the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (the DSTA), at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.1(e)),
the Predecessor Fund shall be merged with and into the Successor Fund, the separate corporate existence of the Predecessor Fund shall
cease and the Successor Fund shall be the surviving company in the Merger (sometimes referred to herein as the Surviving
Company) in accordance with applicable law. The separate limited liability company existence of Successor Fund shall continue
unaffected and unimpaired by the Merger and, as the Surviving Company, it shall be governed by the DSTA.

(a) At
the Effective Time, as a result of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of the Predecessor Fund:

(i) Each
Predecessor Fund Share shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into
the number of Successor Fund Shares provided for in Section 2.3; and

(ii) The
Successor Fund Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain unchanged as a result of the Merger
and shall remain outstanding as common shares of beneficial interests of the Surviving Company.

(b) The
certificate of trust of the Successor Fund as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the certificate of trust of the
Surviving Company, unless and until amended in accordance with its terms and applicable law. The declaration of trust of the Successor
Fund in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the declaration of trust of the Surviving Company (the Declaration
of Trust), unless and until amended in accordance with its terms and applicable law.

(c) At
the Effective Time, the Successor Fund shall continue in existence as the Surviving Company, and without further transfer, succeed to
and possess all of the rights, privileges and powers of the Predecessor Fund, and all of the assets and property of whatever kind and
character of the Predecessor Fund shall vest in the Successor Fund without further act or deed. Thereafter, the Successor Fund, as the
Surviving Company, shall be liable for all of the liabilities and obligations of the Predecessor Fund, and any claim or judgment against
the Predecessor Fund may be enforced against the Successor Fund, as the Surviving Company, in accordance with applicable law.

(d) The
Successor Fund will issue Successor Fund Shares to Predecessor Fund Shareholders in exchange for their Predecessor Fund Shares by opening
shareholder accounts on the share ledger records of the Successor Fund in the names of and in the amounts due to the shareholders of the
Predecessor Fund based on their respective holdings of Predecessor Fund Shares as of the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.1).
Ownership of Successor Fund Shares will be shown on the books of the Successor Funds transfer agent, and the Successor Fund will
not issue certificates representing Successor Fund Shares in connection with the Merger, except for any global certificate or certificates
required by a securities depository in connection with the establishment of book-entry ownership of the Successor Fund Shares. All Successor
Fund Shares to be issued pursuant to the Merger shall be deemed issued and outstanding as of the Effective Time.

(e) Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the parties shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate
of merger (the Certificate of Merger) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with
the DSTA. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed, or at such subsequent date or time
as the Successor Fund and the Predecessor Fund shall agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger (the Effective Time).

(f) The
Predecessor Fund agrees to dispose of certain assets prior to the Closing Date, but only if and to the extent necessary, so that at Closing
(as defined in Section 3.1), when the Predecessor Funds assets are aggregated, the resulting portfolio will meet the
Successor Funds investment objective, policies and restrictions, as set forth in the Successor Funds Registration Statement
(as defined in Section 5.5). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will require the Predecessor Fund to dispose of
any investments or securities prior to the Effective Time if, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of Trustees of the Predecessor Fund
(the Predecessor Fund Board) or the investment adviser to the Predecessor Fund, such disposition would adversely
affect the status of its Merger as a reorganization as such term is used in Section 368(a) of the Code or would
otherwise not be in the best interests of the Predecessor Fund.

2

Section 1.2 Accounting
and Performance Survivor. In connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Predecessor Fund shall be
deemed the survivor solely for accounting and performance purposes.

Section 1.3 Initial
Shareholder Approvals. Prior to the Effective Time, the Adviser will acquire one or more Successor Fund Shares at the net
asset value set forth in Section 2.2 and, as the sole shareholder of the Successor Fund, shall (a) approve the advisory
agreement with the Adviser, in the form approved by the Board of Trustees of the Successor Fund, (b) elect the Trustees of the Successor
Fund and (c) approve any other matter for which shareholder approval is required.

Section 1.4 Transfer
Taxes. Any transfer taxes payable upon the issuance of Successor Fund Shares in a name other than the registered holder of
the Predecessor Funds shares on the books of the Predecessor Fund as of that time shall, as a condition of such issuance and transfer,
be paid by the person to whom such Successor Fund Shares are to be issued and transferred.

Section 1.5 Reporting.
Any reporting responsibility of the Predecessor Fund, including, without limitation, the responsibility for filing of regulatory reports,
tax returns or other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) or other regulatory
authority, the exchange on which the Predecessor Funds shares are listed or any state securities commission and any federal, state
or local tax authorities or any other relevant regulatory authority, is and shall remain the responsibility of the Predecessor Fund or
its duly appointed agent.

Section 1.6 Books
and Records. The Predecessor Fund shall have arranged for the availability prior to, and the transfer as soon as practicable
following, the Closing Date to the Successor Fund, or its designated agent, of the Predecessor Funds books and records required
to be maintained under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Article II

VALUATION

Section 2.1 Valuation
of Assets. The value of the net assets of the Predecessor Fund shall be the value of its assets, less its liabilities, computed
as of the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange on the business day immediately prior to the Closing Date (such time
and date being hereinafter called the Valuation Time), using the valuation procedures of the Predecessor Fund adopted
by the Predecessor Fund Board or such other valuation procedures as shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties (and approved by the
Predecessor Fund Board and the Successor Fund Board).

3

Section 2.2 Valuation
of Shares. The net asset value per Successor Fund Share shall be the net asset value per common share of the Predecessor Fund
computed as of the Valuation Time, using the valuation procedures of the Predecessor Fund or such other valuation procedures as shall
be mutually agreed upon by the parties (and approved by the Predecessor Fund Board and the Successor Fund Board).

Section 2.3 Common
Shares to be Issued. As of the Effective Time, each Predecessor Fund Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be converted into one Successor Fund Share (and a fractional Predecessor Fund Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be converted into a corresponding fractional Successor Fund Share).

Article III

CLOSINGS
AND CLOSING DATE

Section 3.1 Closing
Date. The conditions precedent set forth in Articles VI-VIII herein must be satisfied or waived with respect to
each Fund in order for the closing of the Merger to take place. The closing of the Merger (the Closing) shall occur
on [August 29], 2025 or such later date not to exceed sixty (60) days following the satisfaction or waiver of all Closing conditions,
or such other date as the parties may agree (the Closing Date). Unless otherwise provided, all acts taking place
at a Closing shall be deemed to take place as of 4:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Closing Date. The Closing shall be held at the
offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP in New York, New York, or at such other time and/or place as the parties
may agree.

Section 3.2 Custodians
Certificate. The Predecessor Fund shall cause its custodian to deliver to the Successor Fund at the Closing a certificate
of an authorized officer identifying all of the Predecessor Funds portfolio securities, investments, cash, and any other assets
as of the Valuation Time and stating that the Predecessor Funds portfolio securities, investments, cash, and any other assets
shall have been delivered in proper form to constitute good delivery thereof to the Successor Funds custodian on behalf of the
Successor Fund on the Closing Date.

Section 3.3 Certificates
of Transfer Agent.

(a) The
Predecessor Fund shall issue and deliver or cause its transfer agent to issue and to deliver to the Successor Fund at the Closing a certificate
of an authorized officer setting forth the number of Predecessor Fund Shares outstanding as of the Valuation Time and stating that its
records contain the names and addresses of all record holders of Predecessor Fund Shares and the number and percentage ownership of outstanding
Predecessor Fund Shares owned by each the Predecessor Fund Shareholder immediately prior to the Closing.

(b) The
Successor Fund shall issue and deliver or cause its transfer agent to issue and to deliver to the Predecessor Fund a confirmation evidencing
the Successor Fund Shares to be credited on the Closing Date to the Predecessor Fund Shareholders or provide evidence satisfactory to
the Predecessor Fund that such Successor Fund Shares have been credited to the account of the Predecessor Fund Shareholders on the books
of the Successor Fund.

4

Section 3.4 Delivery
of Additional Items. At the Closing, each party shall deliver to the other parties such bills of sale, checks, assignments,
assumptions of liability, share certificates, opinions, receipts and other documents or instruments, if any, as such other parties or
their counsel may reasonably request to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Predecessor Fund shall, from time
to time, as and when reasonably requested by the Successor Fund, execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered all such assignments
and other instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further action as the Successor Fund or the Successor Fund may reasonably
deem necessary or desirable in order to ultimately vest and confirm the Successor Funds title to and possession of all of the
assets of the Predecessor Fund and to otherwise carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement.

Article IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Section 4.1 Representations
of the Predecessor Fund. The Predecessor Fund represents and warrants with respect to the Merger as follows:

(a) The
Predecessor Fund is a statutory trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(b) The
Predecessor Fund is a closed-end management investment company that is regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act.

(c) The
Predecessor Fund is not, and the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement (subject to shareholder approval) will not
result, in violation of the Predecessor Funds Declaration of Trust, By-Laws, or of any material agreement, indenture, instrument,
contract, lease, or other undertaking to which the Predecessor Fund is a party or by which it is bound.

(d) There
are no contracts outstanding to which the Predecessor Fund is a party that have not been disclosed to the Successor Fund. Except as otherwise
disclosed to and accepted by the Successor Fund, the Predecessor Fund has no material contracts or other commitments that will be terminated
with liability to it on or before the Closing Date.

(e) No
litigation, administrative proceeding, or investigation of or before any court or governmental body presently is pending or, to its knowledge,
threatened against the Predecessor Fund or any of its properties or assets, which, if adversely determined, would result in liability
on the part of the Predecessor Fund other than as have been disclosed to the Successor Fund. The Predecessor Fund knows of no facts that
might form the basis for the institution of such proceedings and is not a party to or subject to the provisions of any order, decree,
or judgment of any court or governmental body that materially and adversely affects its business or its ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein.

5

(f) The
financial statements of the Predecessor Fund as of December 31, 2025, and for the fiscal year then ended have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and have been audited by independent auditors, and such statements (copies of which have
been furnished to the Successor Fund) fairly reflect the financial condition of the Predecessor Fund as of December 31, 2025,
and there are no known liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of the Predecessor Fund as of such date that are not disclosed in such statements.

(g) Since
the date of the financial statements referred to in above, there have been no material adverse changes in the Predecessor Funds
financial condition, assets, liabilities or business (other than changes occurring in the ordinary course of business) and there
are no liabilities of a material nature, contingent or otherwise, of the Predecessor Fund arising after such date. Before the Closing
Date, the Predecessor Fund will advise the Successor Fund of all material liabilities, contingent or otherwise, incurred by it subsequent
to December 31, 2025, whether or not incurred in the ordinary course of business.

(h) As
of the date hereof, except as previously disclosed to the Successor Fund, and except as have been corrected as required by applicable
law, there have been no material miscalculations of the net asset value of the Predecessor Fund during the twelve-month period preceding
the date hereof and preceding the Closing Date, and all such calculations have been or will be made in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the 1940 Act.

(i) All
federal, state, local and other tax returns and reports of the Predecessor Fund required by law to be filed by it (taking into account
permitted extensions for filing) have been timely filed and are complete and correct in all material respects. All federal, state,
local and other taxes of the Predecessor Fund required to be paid (whether or not shown on any such return or report) have been paid,
or provision shall have been made for the payment thereof and any such unpaid taxes as of the date of the financial statements referred
to above, are properly reflected thereon. To the best of the Predecessor Funds knowledge, no tax authority is currently auditing
or preparing to audit the Predecessor Fund, and no assessment for taxes, interest, additions to tax or penalties has been asserted against
the Predecessor Fund.

(j) The
authorized capital of the Predecessor Fund consists of 700,000,000 common shares and 50,000,000 preferred shares, par value $0.001 per
share. All issued and outstanding shares of the Predecessor Fund are duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable by the Predecessor
Fund. All of the issued and outstanding shares of the Predecessor Fund will, at the time of the Closing, be held by the persons and in
the amounts set forth in the records of the Predecessor Funds transfer agent as provided in Section 3.3. The Predecessor
Fund has no outstanding options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Predecessor Fund, and has no
outstanding securities convertible into shares of the Predecessor Fund.

6

(k) At
the Closing, the Predecessor Fund will have good and marketable title to the Predecessor Funds assets held immediately prior to
the Effective Time, and full right, power, and authority to sell, assign, transfer, and deliver such assets hereunder free and clear of
any liens or encumbrances, except those liens and encumbrances to which the Successor Fund has received written notice and have not objected,
and the Successor Fund will acquire good and marketable title thereto, subject to no restrictions on the full transfer thereof, including
such restrictions as might arise under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act).

(l) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Predecessor
Fund. Subject to approval by its shareholders, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Predecessor Fund, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, subject as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws relating
to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles.

(m) The
information to be furnished by the Predecessor Fund for use in no-action letters, applications for orders, registration statements, proxy
materials and other documents that may be necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated herein shall be accurate and complete
in all material respects and shall comply in all material respects with federal securities laws and other laws and regulations.

(n) Except
as previously disclosed to the Successor Fund, the minute books and other similar records of the Predecessor Fund as made available to
the Successor Fund prior to the execution of this Agreement contain a true and complete record of all action taken at all meetings and
by all written consents in lieu of meetings of the shareholders of the Predecessor Fund, the Predecessor Fund Board and committees of
the Predecessor Fund Board. The records of the Predecessor Fund contain the names and addresses of all holders of common shares of the
Predecessor Fund and the number and percentage ownership of outstanding common shares owned by the Predecessor Fund Shareholders immediately
prior to the Closing and such records are accurate as of the Closing.

(o) The
Predecessor Fund has maintained, or caused to be maintained on its behalf, all books and records required of a registered investment company
in compliance with the requirements of Section 31 of the 1940 Act and rules thereunder.

(p) From
the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 5.5) through the time of the meeting of shareholders
and on the Closing Date, any written information furnished by the Predecessor Fund with respect to the Predecessor Fund for use in the
Registration Statement, and any supplement or amendment thereto or to the documents included or incorporated by reference therein, any
Proxy Materials (as defined in Section 5.5) or any other materials provided in connection with the Merger, does not and will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make the statements,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading.

7

(q) The
Predecessor Fund has complied, and is in compliance, in all material respects, with its investment policies and restrictions currently
in effect.

(r) No
consent, approval, authorization, or order of any court or, governmental authority is required for the consummation by the Predecessor
Fund of the transactions contemplated herein, except such as have been or will be obtained.

(s) For
each taxable year of its operations, the Predecessor Fund (i) has had in effect an election to qualify, and has qualified as a regulated
investment company under the Code (a RIC)

Section 4.2 Representations
of the Successor Fund. The Successor Fund represents and warrants as follows:

(a) The
Successor Fund is a statutory trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(b) The
Successor Fund is registered as a closed-end management investment company under the 1940 Act.

(c) The
Successor Fund is not, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result, in violation of the Successor Funds
Declaration of Trust or By-Laws, or of any material agreement, indenture, instrument, contract, lease, or other undertaking to which the
Successor Fund is a party or by which it is bound.

(d) There
are no contracts outstanding to which the Successor Fund is a party that have not been disclosed to the Predecessor Fund. Except as otherwise
disclosed to and accepted by the Predecessor Fund, the Successor Fund has no material contracts or other commitments that will be terminated
with liability to it on or before the Closing Date.

(e) No
litigation, administrative proceeding or investigation of or before any court or governmental body presently is pending or, to its knowledge,
threatened against the Successor Fund or any of its properties or assets, which, if adversely determined, would result in liability on
the part of the Successor Fund, other than as have been disclosed to the Predecessor Fund. The Successor Fund knows of no facts that might
form the basis for the institution of such proceedings and it is not a party to or subject to the provisions of any order, decree, or
judgment of any court or governmental body that materially and adversely affects its business or its ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein.

(f) The
authorized capital of the Successor Fund consists of an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.001 per share.
The Successor Fund has no outstanding shares as of the date hereof and will have one outstanding share as of the Closing and has no outstanding,
options, warrants, or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Successor Fund or securities convertible into shares
of the Successor Fund.

(g) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Successor Fund.
This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Successor Fund, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject as
to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws relating to or affecting creditors rights
and to general equity principles.

8

(h) The
Successor Fund Shares to be issued and delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will, at the Closing, have been duly authorized.
When so issued and delivered, such Successor Fund Shares will be duly and validly issued shares of the Successor Fund, and will be fully
paid and non-assessable by the Successor Fund.

(i) The
information to be furnished by the Successor Fund for use in no-action letters, applications for orders, registration statements, proxy
materials, and other documents that may be necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated herein shall be accurate and complete
in all material respects and shall comply in all material respects with federal securities laws and other laws and regulations.

(j) From
the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 5.5) through the time of the meeting of shareholders
and on the Closing Date, any written information furnished by the Successor Fund with respect to the Successor Fund for use in the Registration
Statement, and any supplement or amendment thereto or to the documents included or incorporated by reference therein, any Proxy Materials
(as defined in Section 5.5) or any other materials provided in connection with the Merger, does not and will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make the statements, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading.

(k) No
consent, approval, authorization, or order of any court or governmental authority is required for the consummation by the Successor Fund
or the Successor Fund of the transactions contemplated herein, except such as have been or will be obtained.

(l) The
Successor Fund agrees to use all reasonable efforts to obtain the approvals and authorizations required by the 1933 Act, the 1940 Act,
and any state securities laws as it may deem appropriate in order to consummate the transactions hereunder.

(m) The
Successor Fund has no assets, and will have no assets as of the Closing Date other than as necessary to issue one share to the initial
shareholder, and has engaged in no activities other than as necessary to consummate the transactions hereunder.

Article V

COVENANTS
OF THE FUNDS

Section 5.1 Operation
in Ordinary Course. Subject to Sections 1.1(f) and 8.5, the Predecessor Fund will operate its business
in the ordinary course from the date of this Agreement through the Closing, it being understood that such ordinary course of business
will include customary dividends and distributions, and any other distribution necessary or desirable to avoid federal income or excise
taxes.

Section 5.2 Approval
of Shareholders. The Predecessor Fund will call a meeting of its shareholders to consider and act upon this Agreement and
to take all other appropriate action necessary to obtain approval of the transactions contemplated herein.

9

Section 5.3 Additional
Information. The Predecessor Fund will assist the Successor Fund in obtaining such information as the Successor Fund reasonably
requests concerning the beneficial ownership of the Predecessor Funds shares.

Section 5.4 Further
Action. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, each Fund will take or cause to be taken all action and do or cause to
be done all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including any actions required to be taken after the Closing Date.

Section 5.5 Preparation
of Registration Statement and Proxy Materials. The Funds will prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement
on Form N-14 relating to the Successor Fund Shares to be issued to holders of Predecessor Fund Shares (the Registration
Statement). The Registration Statement shall include a proxy statement of the Predecessor Fund and a prospectus of the Successor
Fund relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Registration Statement shall be in compliance with the 1933 Act,
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the 1940 Act, as applicable. Each party will provide the other party with the materials and information
necessary to prepare the Registration Statement, including the proxy statement and related materials (the Proxy Materials)
for inclusion therein, in connection with the meetings of the Predecessor Fund shareholders to consider the approval of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated herein.

Section 5.6 Tax
Status of Reorganizations. The intention of the parties is that the Merger will qualify as a reorganization
described in Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code. Neither the Predecessor Fund nor the Successor Fund shall take any action, or
cause any action to be taken (including, without limitation, the filing of any tax return), that is inconsistent with such treatment
or that results in the failure of the transactions to qualify as a reorganizations described in Section 368(a)(1)(F) of
the Code. At or prior to the Closing, the parties to this Agreement will take such action, or cause such action to be taken, as is reasonably
necessary to enable counsel to render the tax opinion contemplated in Section 8.8.

Article VI

CONDITION
PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE PREDECESSOR FUND

The obligation of the Predecessor Fund to consummate
the transactions provided for herein shall be subject to the fulfillment or waiver of the following condition:

Section 6.1 Representations
and Warranties. All representations and warranties of the Successor Fund contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing.
The Successor Fund shall have delivered to the Predecessor Fund a certificate executed in the Successor Funds name by the Successor
Funds (i) President or Vice President and (ii) Treasurer, in form and substance satisfactory to the Predecessor Fund
and dated as of the Closing Date, to such effect and as to such other matters as the Predecessor Fund shall reasonably request.

10

Section 6.2 Performance
with Terms. The Successor Fund shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all terms, conditions, covenants,
obligations, agreements and restrictions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing
Date.

Article VII

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF

THE SUCCESSOR FUND

The obligations of the Successor Fund to consummate
the transactions provided for herein shall be subject to the fulfillment or waiver of the following conditions:

Section 7.1 Representations
and Warranties. All representations and warranties of the Predecessor Fund contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing.
The Predecessor Fund shall have delivered to the Successor Fund on the Closing Date a certificate executed in the Predecessor Funds
name by the Predecessor Funds (i) President or Vice President and (ii) Treasurer, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Successor Fund and dated as of the Closing Date, to such effect and as to such other matters as the Successor Fund shall reasonably
request.

Section 7.2 Terms
and Conditions. The Predecessor Fund shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all terms, conditions, covenants,
obligations, agreements and restrictions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing
Date.

Section 7.3 Statement
of Assets and Liabilities. The Predecessor Fund shall have delivered to the Successor Fund a statement of the Predecessor Funds
assets and liabilities, together with a list of the Predecessor Funds portfolio securities showing the tax basis of such securities
by lot and the holding periods of such securities, as of the Closing, certified by the Treasurer of the Predecessor Fund.

Section 7.4 Records.
The Predecessor Fund shall have delivered such records, agreements, certificates, instruments and such other documents as the Successor
Fund shall reasonably request.

Section 7.5 Contracts.
All contracts of the Predecessor Fund set forth on Schedule 7.5 will be terminated with respect to the Predecessor Fund as
of the Closing.

11

Article VIII

FURTHER
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The obligations of the Funds to consummate the
transactions under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment (or waiver by the affected parties) of the following conditions precedent:

Section 8.1 Shareholder
Approval. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall have been approved by the requisite vote of the holders of
the outstanding Predecessor Fund Shares in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of the Predecessor Funds Declaration
of Trust and By-Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, none of the parties may waive the condition set forth in this
Section 8.1.

Section 8.2 No
Commission Report. The Commission shall not have issued an unfavorable report under Section 25(b) of the 1940 Act, or instituted
any proceeding seeking to enjoin the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under Section 25(c) of
the 1940 Act. Furthermore, no action, suit or other proceeding shall be threatened or pending before any court or governmental agency
in which it is sought to restrain or prohibit, or obtain damages or other relief in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated herein.

Section 8.3 Consents.
All required consents of other parties and all other consents, orders, and permits of federal, state and local regulatory authorities
(including those of the Commission and of state securities authorities, including any necessary no-action positions and
exemptive orders from such federal and state authorities) to permit consummation of the transactions contemplated herein shall have
been obtained.

Section 8.4 Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective under the 1933 Act, and no stop orders suspending the effectiveness
thereof shall have been issued. To the best knowledge of the parties to this Agreement, no investigation or proceeding for that purpose
shall have been instituted or be pending, threatened or contemplated under the 1933 Act.

Section 8.5 Opinion
to Predecessor Fund. The Predecessor Fund shall have received on the Closing Date an opinion from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP dated as of the Closing Date, substantially to the effect that:

(a) The
Successor Fund is duly formed and is validly existing and in good standing under the DSTA.

(b) Assuming
that the Successor Fund Shares will be issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Successor Fund Shares to be issued
and delivered to the Predecessor Fund Shareholders as provided by this Agreement are duly authorized by all requisite statutory trust
action on the part of the Successor Fund under the DSTA and validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable.

(c) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Successor Fund did not, and the consummation by the Successor Fund of the transactions
contemplated herein will not, violate the Successor Funds Declaration of Trust or By-Laws.

12

Section 8.6 Opinion
to Successor Fund. The Successor Fund shall have received on the Closing Date an opinion from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP dated as of the Closing Date, substantially to the effect that:

(a) The
Predecessor Fund is duly formed and is validly existing and in good standing under the DSTA.

(b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Predecessor Fund, did not, and the consummation by the Predecessor Fund of the transactions
contemplated herein will not, violate the Predecessor Funds Declaration of Trust or By-Laws (assuming the requisite approval of
the Predecessor Funds shareholders has been obtained in accordance with its Declaration of Trust and By-Laws).

Section 8.7 Tax
Opinion. With respect to the Merger, the Funds shall have received on the Closing Date an opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP addressed to the Successor Fund and the Predecessor Fund substantially to the effect that for federal income tax purposes the
merger of the Predecessor Fund with and into the Successor Fund pursuant to the DSTA will constitute a reorganization described
in Section 368(a) of the Code.

Article IX

EXPENSES

Section 9.1 General.
All expenses incurred in connection with the Merger (whether or not the Merger is consummated) will be borne by the Funds.

Section 9.2 No
Fees. Each party represents and warrants to the other parties that there is no person or entity entitled to receive any brokers
fees or similar fees or commission payments in connection with structuring the transactions provided for herein.

Section 9.3 Taxes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, expenses will in any event be paid by the party directly incurring such expenses if and to the extent
that the payment by another party of such expenses would result in the disqualification of the Predecessor Fund or the Successor Fund,
as the case may be, as a RIC under the Code.

Article X

ENTIRE
AGREEMENT

Section 10.1 The
parties agree that no party has made to any other party any representation, warranty and/or covenant not set forth herein, and that this
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between and among the parties.

13

Article XI

TERMINATION

Section 11.1 Process.
This Agreement may be terminated by the mutual agreement of the parties and such termination may be effected by each Funds Chief
Executive Officer, President or any Vice President without further action by the Successor Fund Board or the Predecessor Fund Board.
In addition, this Agreement may be terminated at or before the Closing Date due to:

(a) a
breach by the non-terminating party of any representation, or warranty, or agreement to be performed at or before the Closing, if not
cured within 30 days of the breach and prior to the Closing;

(b) a
condition precedent to the obligations of the terminating party that has not been met or waived and it reasonably appears that it will
not or cannot be met; or

(c) a
determination by the Successor Fund Board or the Predecessor Fund Board that the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein
is not in the best interests of its respective Fund involved in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 11.2 Liability.
In the event of any such termination, in the absence of willful default, there shall be no liability for damages on the part of the Successor
Fund Board, the Predecessor Fund Board, the Predecessor Fund, the Successor Fund, the adviser to the Successor Fund or the Predecessor
Fund, or any officers of such Funds or the Successor Fund or such advisers.

Article XII

AMENDMENTS

Section 12.1 This
Agreement may be amended, modified, or supplemented in such manner as may be mutually agreed upon in writing by the officers of each
Fund subject to the prior review of each Funds counsel and the authorization of each Funds Board of Trustees; provided,
however, that following the meeting of the shareholders of the Predecessor Fund called by the Predecessor Fund pursuant to Section 5.2
of this Agreement, no such amendment, modification or supplement may have the effect of changing the provisions for determining the number
of Successor Fund Shares to be issued to the Predecessor Fund Shareholders under this Agreement to the detriment of such shareholders
without their further approval.

Article XIII

HEADINGS;
COUNTERPARTS; GOVERNING LAW; ASSIGNMENT;

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Section 13.1 Headings.
The article and section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 13.2 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.

Section 13.3 Delaware
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

14

Section 13.4 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns,
and no assignment or transfer hereof or of any rights or obligations hereunder shall be made by any party without the written consent
of the other parties. Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give any person, firm, or
corporation, other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement.

Section 13.5 Liabilities.
Neither Fund shall have any liability for the obligations of the other Fund, and the liabilities of each Fund shall be several and not
joint.

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed
this Agreement, all as of the date first written above.

FS SPECIALTY LENDING FUND

By: /s/ Stephen S. Sypherd

Name: Stephen S. Sypherd

Title: General Counsel

NEW FS SPECIALTY LENDING FUND

By: /s/ Stephen S. Sypherd

Name: Stephen S. Sypherd

Title: General Counsel

FS/EIG ADVISOR, LLC

By: /s/ Stephen S. Sypherd

Name: Stephen S. Sypherd

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

As of April 24, 2025

FS Specialty Lending Fund listing preparation

Summary

On April 24, 2025, FS Specialty Lending Fund (the Fund) announced
that its board of trustees (the Board) approved a plan to prepare for the listing of its common shares on the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE).

In advance of the listing, the Fund will be converted from a business
development company (BDC) to a closed-end fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (1940 Act), through a reorganization
into a newly formed closed-end fund. The reorganization is subject to shareholder approval.

The closed-end fund (FSSL) will be named FS Specialty Lending
Fund and we currently expect its common shares to begin trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FSSL before the
end of the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to market conditions, shareholder approval, and final Board approval. Although we are
working toward a listing within the targeted time frame, the timing may be subject to change based on a variety of factors.

Please
note that this FAQ, along with other materials related to the listing preparation, will be updated in the coming months based on the timeline
below. For the latest information, please visit www.FSproxy.com.

Liquidity plan phase

(expected timing) Noteworthy event Shareholder action required?

Phase I April 24, 2025 Announcement of intended listing No

Phase II Mid-May Execution of reverse share split and account consolidation No 

Phase III Late June Commencement of shareholder proxy solicitation Yes your vote is needed! 

Phase IV Late Q3/Early Q4 Listing preparation operational considerations Maybe, it depends on your custodian. 

Table of Contents

FS Specialty Lending Fund listing preparation 1

Summary 1

Liquidity plan overview 2

Listing and operational considerations 7

Distributions 11

Shareholder proxy 12

Shareholder resources 13

Contacts 13

1 

As of April 24, 2025

Liquidity plan overview

Timeline and shareholder considerations

Ticker symbol Ticker symbol: FSSL

Expected timeline 

April:
Registration statement containing proxy statement/prospectus to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This
filing will include three shareholder proposals related to the Funds proposed conversion to a registered closed-end fund. Shareholder
approval of these proposals is a prerequisite for a listing.

Mid-May:
The Fund intends to conduct a 6-for-1 reverse share split of its common shares and consolidate account types under a new CUSIP.

Late
June: Shareholder proxy solicitation expected to commence.

Late
Q3 / early Q4 2025: Target listing on the NYSE, subject to market conditions, approval of the NYSE, satisfaction of the NYSEs
listing standards, shareholder approval of the proposals related to the Funds reorganization to a registered closed-end fund, and
final Board approval.

Conversion to a registered closed-end fund 

The
Fund will be converted from a business development company into a closed-end fund registered under the 1940 Act through a reorganization
into a newly formed closed-end fund. The reorganization is subject to shareholder approval.

FSSL,
the closed-end fund, will maintain the same board, investment objectives and strategy as the Fund*

The
closed-end fund will be named FS Specialty Lending Fund and intends to pursue a listing of its shares on the NYSE.

Reverse share split 

Prior
to the conversion, the Fund intends to conduct a 6-for-1 reverse split of its common shares. Following the split, shareholders will own
one share for every six shares held before the split.

The
reverse share split is designed to achieve the following objectives:

Comply
with NYSE listing requirements which mandate a minimum stock price of $4.00 per share at the time of listing. As of December 31,
2024, the Funds net asset value (NAV) was $3.30 per share.

Align
the share price with the typical trading range of comparable closed-end funds, which have historically traded in the range of approximately
$10 to $20 per share.

Meet
the minimum share price requirements for certain intermediaries, broker dealers and custodians.

The
effective date of the share split is expected to be on or about May 15, 2025.

Quarterly repurchase offer 

We
expect the quarterly tender offers to remain suspended until the listing, at which point all shares will become freely tradable on the
NYSE.

*The investment strategy will remain the same except for certain
requirements specific to BDCs under the 1940 Act, which wont apply once the Fund is converted to a closed-end fund.

2 

As of April 24, 2025

Investment and fund management

Management team 

The
Funds Adviser is currently jointly operated by an affiliate of FS Investments and EIG Asset Management, LLC. As part of the conversion
to a closed-end fund, FS Investments will acquire EIGs interest in the Adviser, making the Adviser an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary
of FS Investments.

The
Adviser will continue managing the Fund, with FS Investments Global Credit Team assuming full investment management responsibilities.
This team has played a central role in the Funds transition to a diversified credit strategy since May 2023.

Fee changes 

Upon
a listing, the base management fee will be reduced from 1.75% to 1.50% of gross assets. The Adviser has agreed to waive 0.15% of the fee,
resulting in an effective base management fee of 1.35% on gross assets, effective upon the listing and continuing for as long as
the FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund.1

The
Adviser currently may earn incentive fees consisting of two components: (i) a capital gains incentive fee and (ii) a subordinated
income incentive fee.

Following
the conversion and reorganization into a closed-end fund, the Adviser will no longer be entitled to a capital gains incentive fee.

Upon
listing and continuing for as long as FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund, the Adviser has agreed to waive a portion of the income
incentive fee, reducing it from 20% to 10% subject to an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0%.2

Distributions 

We
expect the Fund to pay enhanced quarterly distributions for Q1 and Q2 2025, paid in April and July, respectively, based on an annualized
distribution rate of 12.5% based on FSSLs then-current NAV.

The
Funds quarterly enhanced distributions were designed to offer attractive returns to shareholders during the transition period to
a diversified credit strategy, with the understanding that they were intended to conclude once the Fund achieves a long-term liquidity
event, and a portion of the distributions may represent a return of capital.

If
a listing occurs prior to the end of the third quarter of 2025, we expect FSSL to pay a full quarterly enhanced distribution for the
third quarter, payable in October. In the fourth quarter, we expect FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly distribution, representing an
annualized distribution rate of 9.0% to 9.5% of FSSLs NAV.3

If
a listing occurs in the fourth quarter of 2025, FSSL will pay a full quarterly enhanced distribution for the third quarter of 2025.
In the fourth quarter, we expect FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly distribution, representing an annualized distribution rate of 9.0-9.5%
of the Funds NAV.3 We believe this rate is competitive with those of closed-end fund peers and offers a meaningful income
premium over risk-free rates.

Beginning
in January 2026, we expect FSSL to declare and pay distributions on a monthly basis, subject to a listing occurring in 2025 and
board approval.

Following
the listing, all cash dividends or distributions declared by the Board will be reinvested on behalf of shareholders who do not elect to
receive their distributions in cash. Shareholders who do not elect to opt out of FSSLs distribution reinvestment
plan (DRP) will have their shares automatically reinvested in additional shares.

Secondary market support 

FS
Investments and/or its affiliates are evaluating potential options for strengthening demand for FSSLs shares in the secondary
market. 

3 

As of April 24, 2025

1. Why list FSSLs shares on the NYSE now?

Background

In May 2023, the Fund announced Board-approved changes to the Funds name, investment objectives and investment strategy
as part of a plan to transition from investing primarily in private U.S. energy and power companies to a diversified credit strategy spanning
private and public credit across a broader range of industries, sectors and subsectors.

The transition to a diversified credit strategy was designed to enhance shareholder returns, maximize the Funds long-term liquidity
options, accelerate the timeline for a liquidity event and reduce the volatility associated with a single sector-focused strategy.

We also communicated that the Fund would target a liquidity event by the end of Q3 2026 within three years of the effective
date of the changes to the Funds name, strategy and investment objectives. Potential liquidity options could include a public listing,
merger, sale or another alternative as approved by the Board.

To maximize the liquidity options, we believed the Funds strategy, asset mix, distribution, credit quality, and capital structure
needed to be positioned to appeal to the broadest possible investor base whether through the public markets (via a direct listing),
a merger with an affiliate or competitor fund, or a sale to institutional asset managers.

Key metrics required to maximize long-term liquidity options

Together with the Funds Board, we concluded that regardless of the ultimate liquidity path for shareholders 
the Fund must achieve a set of highly interdependent goals to maximize its commercial appeal to the broadest possible audience, including:

Reduce energy holdings to approximately 20% or less of the portfolios fair value to create a more broadly diversified
portfolio across industries, sectors and subsectors.

Grow the Funds net investment income to support an annualized distribution rate that is competitive in the market, based
on the Funds net asset value at the time of a liquidity event.

Increase income-accruing investments to approximately 90% of the portfolios fair value by reducing the Funds
allocation to common equity and underperforming debt investments.

Progress in reaching the key metrics required to maximize long-term
liquidity options

As of December 31, 2024, these key portfolio metrics were at or near our target range, and we believe the Fund is well-positioned
for a liquidity event through a public listing.

Energy investments represented 14.5% of the portfolios fair value as of December 31, 2024, well within our target
threshold. The portfolio is broadly diversified across sectors and industries. Senior secured debt comprised 87% of the portfolios
fair value as of December 31, 2024, reflecting our focus on high-quality, income-generating assets.

Upon listing, we expect FSSLs annualized distribution rate to be approximately 9.0-9.5% based on NAV, which is competitive
with peers in the closed-end fund market.3 Subject to market conditions, fund performance and prevailing yields, we believe
this level can be sustained over time by increasing FSSLs allocation to higher-yielding private credit investments, optimizing
borrowings, and further reducing exposure to non-income-producing assets.

In November 2024, the Fund received exemptive relief
from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) allowing it to co-invest in privately originated investments alongside certain
other FS Investments-managed funds. We believe this added flexibility will help enhance the Funds ability to grow net investment
income over time.

Income-accruing investments represented 92% of the portfolios fair value as of December 31, 2024, compared to approximately
60% as of March 31, 2023.4 The increase was driven by our focus on exiting non-income producing equity investments and
reducing assets on non-accrual.

We believe a public listing offers a well-balanced liquidity solutionproviding current shareholders with near-term access to
liquidity, while preserving the opportunity for long-term value appreciation for those who choose to remain invested.

4 

2. How will FSSL be differentiated in the public markets?

Fully scaled credit platform with a significant market presence: As of December 31, 2024, the Fund managed approximately
$2.1 billion in assets, which would rank as one of the largest public credit-focused registered closed-end funds. A relatively higher
market capitalization and float (i.e., the number of shares available for public trading) compared to peers may enhance secondary market
liquidity and attract a broader investor base upon listing.

Proven management team: The Adviser will continue to manage FSSL with FS Investments Global Credit Team assuming full
investment management responsibilities. The team has played a central role in the Funds transition to a diversified credit strategy
since May 2023.

Formed in 2017, FS Investments Global Credit Team
is led by Andrew Beckman and Nick Heilbut, seasoned credit investors with prior experience at DW Partners, Magnetar and Goldman Sachs
Special Situations Multi-Strategy Group. Their vision was to bring the investment style they developed at Goldman to a broader investor
base and build a global credit platform with diverse market exposure.

Team highlights:

Manage $7.6 billion in assets for institutional and individual investors across registered closed end funds, private drawdown
funds, collateralized loan obligations (CLO) and FSSL.

Long-tenured leadership: Andrew Beckman and several senior team members have worked together for nearly 20 years, beginning
in the early 2000s as part of Goldman Sachs Special Situations Multi-Strategy Group.

Access to FS Investments $83 billion asset management platform: The team benefits from the resources, personnel, and
infrastructure of FS Investments asset management platform, which provides a continuous flow of market insights to enhance the
teams underwriting, while seeking to generate strong shareholder returns.

Deep middle market expertise: The team has significant experience sourcing, underwriting and managing investments in middle
market companies with a specialized focus on lower and core middle market companies.

Robust, multi-channel deal sourcing: The Fund leverages an extensive deal sourcing network spanning the investment management
team and the broader firm, including a private sourcing partnership with J.P. Morgan, to originate differentiated investment opportunities.

Dynamic strategy investing across private and public credit: The investment team aims to dynamically allocate capital to the
most attractive opportunities across private and public credit in pursuit of return premiums. Unlike banks, insurance companies, or many
private traditional credit strategies, the team is not constrained by a specific asset class mandate, allowing for greater adaptability
in shifting market environments.

Attractive distribution: We expect FSSLs annualized distribution rate to be approximately 9.0-9.5%, based on its NAV
at the time of listing. This rate is competitive with closed-end fund peers and offers a meaningful income premium over risk-free rates.3

3. Why didnt the Fund liquidate its assets or wind down the portfolio upon transitioning to a diversified credit strategy?

We did not believe that liquidating the portfolio or allowing it to simply run off would maximize shareholder value. In fact, pursuing
that path could have prolonged the timeline before shareholders had the option for full liquidity of their investment compared to the
current plan.

At the start of 2023, the Funds portfolio was nearly entirely allocated to debt and equity investments in private U.S. energy
companies. Due to the private nature of these investments and the absence of an active secondary market, an immediate or near-term sale
could have forced the Fund to liquidate assets at 'fire sale' prices, which would ultimately harm long-term shareholder outcomes.

For context, as of March 31, 2023 just shy of the commencement of the transition plan to a diversified credit strategy
approximately 45% of the portfolios fair value was comprised of debt investments with maturities ranging from 1 to 9 years.
The vast majority of the debt holdings were in illiquid, private debt investments. Additionally, approximately 23% of the portfolio was
allocated to preferred equity investments with a weighted average maturity of 4 years, while 26% consisted of common and preferred equity
investments with no stated maturity date.

5 

Equity investments do not have a stated maturity date, which makes the timing of a sale or exit inherently uncertain and subject to
market conditions, portfolio company performance, and investor demand for energy assets, among other factors.

The table below shows the maturity schedule for the portfolio as of March 31, 2023.

Additionally, many of the Funds equity holdings were acquired through corporate restructurings. The COVID-driven collapse in
energy demand and commodity prices severely impacted several of the Funds largest holdings, where we initially held the companys
debt. To reduce these companies debt burdens and support operational improvements, the Fund converted its debt holdings to equity
to seek to maximize the recovery on its investment.

Finally, non-accrual assets investments that are not current on their contractual interest and principal payments comprised
approximately 13% of the portfolios fair value as of March 31, 2023. We believed the best way to maximize our recovery on
these positions was to allow time for the companies to improve their operations and to exit when market conditions and the company fundamentals
better aligned.

Given the illiquid nature of the portfolio, the elevated level of non-accrual assets, and the Funds high concentration in restructured
common equity investments and preferred equity investments, we determined that a liquidation or portfolio runoff would not have maximized
shareholder value for several key reasons, including, but not limited to:

It could have forced the Fund to accept prices below their intrinsic value.

It would have increased the concentration risk in illiquid, non-income producing equity positions and non-performing debt investments
as performing assets mature or were exited/sold.

It would have limited the Funds ability to continue paying quarterly enhanced distributions.

Finally, it would have reduced the Funds ability to achieve each key portfolio metric discussed above that we believe are essential
for maximizing long-term liquidity options.

The transition to a diversified credit strategy was designed to expand and maximize liquidity options for the Fund and our shareholders,
offering a potentially faster, more efficient, and value-enhancing path to full liquidity compared to a liquidation or gradual runoff.

4. Why didnt the Fund return capital to shareholders as the energy investments were exited or sold?

Distributing proceeds from asset sales, exits, or repayments would have conflicted with the Funds ability to achieve the key
portfolio metrics outlined above, which we believe are essential prerequisites for accelerating the timing of a long-term liquidity event
that maximizes shareholder value.

For example, distributing proceeds throughout the transition period would have:

Limited the Funds ability to reinvest capital into income-producing assets, which is critical to growing net investment income
and supporting an annualized distribution rate that is competitive in the market.

Hindered progress toward reducing energy holdings to 20% or less of the portfolios fair value.

Increased the concentration risk in illiquid, non-income producing equity positions and non-performing debt investments as performing
assets matured or were exited/sold.

6 

As of April 24, 2025

Listing and operational considerations

5. Why convert to a registered closed-end fund?

The Fund will be converted from a business development company into a closed-end fund registered under the 1940 Act through
a reorganization into a newly formed closed-end fund. The reorganization is subject to shareholder approval.

The closed-end fund will maintain the same board, investment objectives and strategy as the Fund except for certain requirements specific
to BDCs under the 1940 Act, which wont apply once the Fund is converted to a closed-end fund.

The closed-end fund will be named FS Specialty Lending Fund and intends to pursue a listing of its shares on the NYSE.

The decision to convert the Fund to a registered closed-end fund was guided by several key factors that we believe are in the best
interests of shareholders, including:

Experienced management team: The Adviser will continue to manage FSSL, with FS Investments Global Credit Team assuming
full investment management responsibilities. This team has played a central role in the Funds transition to a diversified credit
strategy since May 2023.

The FS Global Credit team also manages FS Credit Opportunities
Corp. (NYSE: FSCO), a publicly traded closed-end fund with a strategy similar to the Fund. FSCO was listed on the NYSE in November 2022
and has delivered strong returns since that time. We believe the Fund is well positioned to benefit from the teams expertise, differentiated
sourcing network, and deep investment experience across the combined platform.

Distribution aligned with peers: At the time of listing, we expect FSSLs annualized distribution rate to be approximately
9.0-9.5%, based on its NAV, making it competitive with closed-end fund peers and offering a significant income premium over risk-free
rates.3

Borrowings aligned with peers: As part of the transition to the diversified credit strategy, the Fund has used a modest level
of borrowings relative to regulatory limits. While BDCs are permitted to borrow up to 2:1 debt-to-equity (i.e., borrow $2 dollars for
every $1 of equity), as of December 31, 2024, the Funds debt-to-equity ratio was 0.33x. This level is consistent with closed-end
fund peers, within our targeted ratio as a listed closed-end fund (0.25x-0.4x) and below the regulatory leverage limit applicable to closed-end
funds (0.5x).

Strong market visibility: As of December 31, 2024, the Fund managed approximately $2.1 billion in assets, which would
rank as one of the largest public credit-focused registered closed-end funds. A relatively higher market capitalization and float (i.e.,
the number of shares available for public trading) compared to peers may enhance secondary market liquidity and attract a broader investor
base upon listing.

6. What is the difference between a direct listing and an initial public offering (IPO)?

We intend for FSSLs common shares to begin trading through a direct listing on the NYSE not an initial public offering
subject to various factors.

This is an important distinction because, in an IPO, a company issues new shares and raises new capital in the public markets
at an offering price and shares typically begin trading in the public markets based on the offering price.

In contrast, FSSLs direct listing does not involve the issuance of new shares, and the stock price will not
be set prior to the listing.

Instead, the public share price will be determined by market dynamics specifically, the supply from existing shareholders
looking to sell and demand from both existing and new investors seeking to purchase shares.

If supply significantly exceeds demand at listing (i.e., more sellers than buyers) FSSLs share price may decline and trade
at a meaningful discount to its net asset value. Conversely, if supply and demand are more balanced, the share price may trade closer
to NAV.5

7 

As of April 24, 2025

We believe a public listing offers a balanced liquidity solution by providing existing shareholders with near-term access to liquidity
while preserving the opportunity for long-term value appreciation for those who choose to remain invested.

FSSLs direct listing Initial public offering (IPO)

Initial trading price Market-driven (supply & demand) Based on offering price 

New shares issued No Yes

New capital raised by company No Yes 

Road shows with new potential investors Yes Yes

7. Have any previous direct listings been comparable to FSSL?

While there is no exact market comparison to FSSLs proposed listing, several direct listings of closed-end funds and BDCs offer
relevant insights that may help inform expectations for the Funds listing.

As illustrated in the chart below, heavy selling immediately following a listing is common, as shown by the gray bars. This
pattern often reflects shareholders desire for near-term liquidity frequently driven by factors beyond securing the best
possible execution price.

Over time, trading volumes typically decline, selling pressure eases, and share prices tend to trend higher as the market stabilizes
and the investor base broadens.

We believe a listing offers a balanced liquidity solution by providing existing shareholders with near-term access to liquidity while
preserving the opportunity for long-term value appreciation for those who choose to remain invested.

As we approach the listing date, we plan to conduct roadshows with institutional investors and financial advisory platforms to help
build awareness for the funds common shares in the secondary market. Additionally, FS Investments and/or its affiliates are evaluating
options for strengthening demand for the shares in the secondary market.

Source: Factset, Bloomberg, company filings.

Analysis represents average performance of RiverNorth Specialty Finance
Corporation (RSF), Vertical Capital Income Fund (VCIF), Corporate Capital Trust (CCT), FS KKR Capital Corp. II (FSKR) and FS KKR Capital
Corp. (FSK). The foregoing information is for illustrative purposes only. The trading performance of FSSL may differ materially from the
information set for above.

8 

As of April 24, 2025

8. Will the listing change the management team or investment strategy?

There will be no change to the Funds investment objectives or investment strategy except for certain requirements specific
to BDCs under the 1940 Act, which wont apply once the Fund is converted to a closed-end fund.

Following the reorganization, the Fund will continue to be overseen by the same Board of Trustees who currently provide governance
and oversight.

The Funds Adviser is currently jointly operated by an affiliate of FS Investments and EIG Asset Management, LLC. As part of
the conversion, FS Investments will acquire EIGs interest in the Adviser, making the Adviser an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of FS Investments.

The Adviser will continue to manage the Fund, with FS Investments Global Credit Team assuming all investment management responsibilities.
The team has played a central role in the transition to a diversified credit strategy since May 2023.

9. What is the purpose of the reverse share split?

The Fund intends to conduct a 6-for-1 reverse share split in May 2025. Following the reverse split, shareholders will receive
one share of the Funds common share for every six shares held before the reverse split.

The reverse share split is designed to help achieve the following objectives:

Comply with NYSE listing requirements which mandate a minimum stock price of $4.00 per share at the time of listing. As of
December 31, 2024, the Funds net asset value was $3.30 per share.

Align FSSLs share price with the typical trading range of comparable closed-end funds, which have historically traded
in the range of approximately $10 to $20 per share.

Meet the minimum share price requirements for certain intermediaries, broker dealers and custodians.

The reverse share split will not affect the rights or preferences of the Funds common shares.

The Fund expects that the par value will remain unchanged at $0.001 per share following the reverse share split.

10. Will any changes occur to my account prior to the reverse share split?

During the Funds offering period, shares were purchased through four different account types, based on the financial intermediary
through which the shares were purchased. Each account type has a distinct CUSIP (an alphanumeric code used to identify financial securities)
and fund number.

Shortly prior to the reverse share split, the Fund will consolidate the existing account types into a main fund account with a new
CUSIP as described below. This change will not affect shareholders account value, distributions or overall investment and
shareholders do not need to take any action for this operational transaction.

This consolidation is purely operational and designed to simplify and streamline the reverse share split process.

Current account detail Post-CUSIP consolidation

Fund Name CUSIP Fund # CUSIP Fund # 

FS Specialty Lending Fund 30264D109 3804 New CUSIP to be issued No change 

FS Specialty Lending Fund Adv Plus 30299B300 5824 Accounts merge into Main Fund (3804)

FS Specialty Lending Fund Advisory 302999248 5834

FS Specialty Lending Fund Inst 30299G606 5814

9 

As of April 24, 2025

11. Will the value of my investment change as a result of the reverse share split?

No, a shareholders investment value will not change as a result of the reverse share split.

In the example below, we assume a shareholder owns $10,000 worth of shares based on the Funds NAV as of December 31, 2024.

Illustrative example: 6-for-1 reverse stock split

Before reverse stock split 6:1 reverse stock split After reverse stock split

Net asset value per share* $3.30 x 6 = $19.80

Number of shares held 3,030 6 = 505

Shareholder value $10,000 -- $10,000

*As of December 31, 2024

Based on a 6-for-1 reverse share split ratio, shareholders will receive one share for every six shares held prior to the reverse split.
To calculate the number of shares owned after the stock split, shareholders should divide the number of shares owned prior to the stock
split by six.

The shareholder owns 3,030 shares prior to the reverse split ($10,000 current value $3.30 NAV per share).

Following the reverse stock split, the shareholder would own 505 shares (3,030 6). The NAV per share increases in equal proportion
from $3.30 to $19.80 ($3.30 x 6).

As a result, the total value of the shareholders investment remains unchanged, while the number of shares held is reduced
and the per-share value increases.

12. Is there any action a shareholder needs to take in advance of the reverse share split?

Shareholders do not need to take any action for the reverse share split to take place.

An account maintenance freeze will be implemented approximately two weeks prior to the effective date of the split. During this time,
certain account maintenance activities, such as share transfers or updates to account information, will not be possible during the freeze.
The freeze will be lifted once the reverse split is complete.

We will continue to provide updates and communicate with shareholders as the effective date approaches.

13. Will the Funds management and incentive fees change?

Upon a listing, the base management fee will be reduced from 1.75% to 1.50% of gross assets. In addition, the Adviser has agreed to
waive 0.15% of the fee, resulting in an effective management fee of 1.35% on gross assets for as long as FSSL remains a registered
closed-end fund.1

The Adviser currently may earn incentive fees consisting of two parts: (i) a capital gains incentive fee and (ii) a subordinated
income incentive fee. Following the conversion to a closed-end fund, the Adviser will no longer earn a capital gains incentive fee.

Upon a listing and continuing for so long as FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund, the Adviser has agreed to waive a portion
of the income incentive fee, reducing it from 20% to 10%, subject to an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0%.2

14. Will the listing create a taxable event?

The listing itself will not create a taxable event. However, if shareholders decide to sell their shares, they could be subject to
taxes.

Shareholders should consult with their financial and tax advisors before selling their shares in order to best understand their individual
tax considerations.

15. Will the Fund or its affiliates provide support for the Funds stock in the secondary market?

FS Investments and/or its affiliates are evaluating potential options for strengthening demand for FSSLs shares in the secondary
market.

10 

16. What are the noteworthy next steps?

There is no action required by shareholders until the commencement of the shareholder proxy solicitation, which we expect to begin
in late June.

See proxy statement/prospectus for further details.

Distributions

17. Will the Fund continue to pay quarterly enhanced distributions?

We expect the Fund to pay enhanced quarterly distributions for Q1 and Q2 2025, paid in April and July, respectively, based on
an annualized distribution rate of 12.5% based on the Funds then-current NAV.

The Funds quarterly enhanced distributions were designed to offer attractive returns to shareholders during the transition
period to a diversified credit strategy, with the understanding that they were intended to conclude once the Fund achieves a long-term
liquidity event, and a portion of the distributions may represent a return of capital.

Given our expectation for a listing in late Q3 or early Q4, we expect the quarterly enhanced distribution for Q3 will be the final
quarterly enhanced distribution.

If a listing occurs prior to the end of the third quarter of 2025, we expect FSSL to pay a full quarterly enhanced distribution
for the third quarter, payable in October. In the fourth quarter we expect the closed-end fund to target a monthly or quarterly distribution
representing an annualized distribution rate of 9.0% to 9.5% of FSSLs NAV.3 We believe this rate is competitive with
those of closed-end fund peers and offers a meaningful income premium over risk-free rates.

If a listing occurs in the fourth quarter of 2025, FSSL will pay a full quarterly enhanced distribution for the third quarter
of 2025. In the fourth quarter, we expect FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly distribution representing an annualized distribution rate
of 9.0-9.5% of the Funds NAV.3

Beginning in January 2026, we expect FSSL to declare and pay distributions on a monthly basis, subject to a listing occurring
in 2025 and board approval.

As previously communicated, we believe a portion of the enhanced quarterly distributions may represent a return of capital to investors
on a tax basis. Tax characteristics for the Funds distributions are reported annually on shareholders Form 1099-DIV.
In 2023 and 2024, 100% of the Funds distributions were funded through ordinary income on a tax basis. This was supported by the
Funds undistributed taxable income from prior periods as well as one-time distributions from certain holdings, all which contributed
to covering distributions through the Funds net investment income.

18. Will the Fund have a distribution reinvestment plan upon a listing?

Yes. Following the listing, FSSL will reinvest all cash dividends or distributions declared by the board on behalf of shareholders
who do not elect to receive their distributions in cash. As a result, shareholders who have not elected to opt out of the
Funds distribution reinvestment plan (DRP) will have their shares automatically reinvested in additional shares.

If the per share market price is equal to or greater than the estimated NAV per share on the payment date for a distribution, then
FSSL will issue shares at the greater of (i) NAV per share or (ii) 95% of the market price. If the per share market price is
less than NAV per share, then FSSL, at its discretion, will (i) purchase shares in the open market for accounts of participants where
practicable, or (ii) issue shares at NAV per share.

11 

As of April 24, 2025

Shareholder proxy

19. What proposals will shareholders be asked to approve?

Shareholders will be asked to vote on three proposals at the Funds special shareholder meeting, which we expect to take place
in the third quarter of 2025. Shareholder approval of all three proposals is required for the listing to proceed in late Q3 or early Q4
2025.

The first two proposals relate to amending the Funds Agreement and Declaration of Trust (DOT), the legal document that governs
key aspects of its operations. Certain provisions in the current DOT would no longer be applicable to the Fund as a listed closed-end
fund or could restrict its ability to reorganize as a closed-end fund and potentially hinder the execution of the Board-approved liquidity
plan.

Investors are strongly encouraged to review documents that the Fund will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including
the proxy statement/prospectus when available. Subject to SEC review, we expect to seek shareholder approval beginning in late June 2025.

The Board believes each of the proposals is in the best interests of the Fund and its shareholders and unanimously recommends a vote
FOR each proposal.

Proposal Description Why this matters for shareholders

#1. To approve the amendment to the DOT to eliminate Article XII of the Declaration of Trust. 

Certain provisions in the DOT currently prohibit the Fund from engaging
in a Roll-Up Transaction, which includes acquisitions, mergers, conversions and other transactions.

These provisions were originally adopted to comply with certain blue
sky regulations applicable during the Funds public offering but will no longer apply once the fund is listed as a closed-end
fund.

This proposal seeks to remove those provisions from the DOT to facilitate
the Funds conversion to a closed-end fund through the reorganization. Converting the Fund to a closed-end fund through a reorganization is a prerequisite for a listing.

#2. To approve the amendment of the Declaration of Trust to clarify the shareholder voting standard in connection with a merger or reorganization of the Fund that has been approved by the Board of Trustees. 

This proposal seeks to amend the DOT to clarify the board and shareholder
approval requirements for converting the Fund to a closed end fund through the reorganization.

The current language may create ambiguity in interpreting the shareholder
vote requirement. The proposed changes are intended to clarify this language and ensure alignment with the Funds planned conversion
through the reorganization. Converting the Fund to a closed-end fund through a reorganization is a prerequisite for a listing.

#3 To approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization 

The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization outlines the proposed reorganization
of the Fund through the merger of the Fund with and into a newly formed closed end fund. As part of the reorganization, all outstanding
common shares of the Fund will be exchanged for newly issued shares of the closed-end fund.

There will be no change to the Funds investment objectives or
strategy and a portion of the management and incentive fees will be waived for as long as FSSL is a registered closed-end fund. Approving the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization is a prerequisite for a listing.

12 

20. What vote is required for each proposal to pass?

Proposals 1 and 2 require approval by a majority of votes cast.

Proposal 3 requires the affirmative vote of the lesser of (i) a majority of the Funds outstanding shares, or (ii) 67%
or more of the shares present at the shareholder meeting, provided that a majority of the Funds outstanding shares are present
at the meeting.

21. Will the Fund incur expenses in soliciting proxies?

The expenses of the solicitation of proxies for the shareholder meetings, including the cost of preparing, printing and mailing the
proxy statement, the applicable accompanying notice of the special shareholder meeting of shareholders and the proxy card, will be borne
by the Fund.

Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions, Inc. has been retained by the Fund to assist in the solicitation of proxies.

Shareholder resources

22. Where can I find additional resources?

Please note that this FAQ, along with other materials related to the listing preparation, will be updated in the coming months based
on the timeline below. For the latest information, please visit www.FSproxy.com.

Contacts

Advisors and SHAREHOLDERs

877-628-8575

Media (FS Investments)

Melanie Hemmert, media@fsinvestments.com,
215-309-6843

FOOTNOTES

1. For each quarter after the listing date, the base management fee will be reduced from 1.75% to 1.50% of gross assets. In addition,
the Adviser has agreed to waive 0.15% of the fee, resulting in an effective base management fee of 1.35% on gross assets commencing upon
the listing and continuing for as long as FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund. Amounts waived by the Adviser will not be subject
to recoupment from FSSL.

2. Pursuant to the terms of FSSLs Investment Advisory Agreement, for any quarter ending after the listing, the incentive fee on
income is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 20.0% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income
for the immediately preceding quarter subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on net assets, equal to 1.5% per quarter,
or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0% compared to the current hurdle rate of 6.5%. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive
fee for any quarter until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.5%. Once
FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a catch-up
fee equal to the amount of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until FSSLs pre-incentive
fee net investment income for such quarter equals 1.875%, or 7.5% annually, of net assets. This catch-up feature will allow
the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to receive
20.0% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income.

While the incentive fee on income of the Fund and FSSL prior to the
listing will be subject to a hurdle rate equal to a percentage of adjusted capital (as defined the Funds and FSSLs
Investment Advisory Agreement), the incentive fee on income of FSSL after the listing will be subject to a hurdle rate expressed as a
rate of return on net assets, which will have the effect of making it more likely that the funds pre-incentive fee net investment
income will exceed the hurdle rate and therefore more likely that FSSL will pay an incentive fee on income.

Effective on the listing and for so long as FSSL is a registered closed-end
fund, the Adviser has contractually agreed to waive a portion of FSSLs incentive fee. After giving effect to such fee waiver, the
incentive fee on income will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 10.00% of the closed-end funds pre-incentive
fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on net
assets, equal to 1.5% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0%. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for
any quarter until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.5%. Once FSSLs
pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a catch-up
fee equal to the amount of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until the closed-end funds
pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 1.667%, or 6.667% annually, of net assets. This catch-up
feature will allow the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will
be entitled to receive 10.00% of the closed-end funds pre-incentive fee net investment income. Amounts waived by the Adviser will
not be subject to recoupment from the closed-end fund.

3. The actual annualized distribution rate at listing may be higher or lower based on the then current NAV. The payment of future distributions
on the funds common shares is subject to the discretion of the funds board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions
and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions

4. Income-producing investments represented 96.0% of the portfolio as of December 31, 2024, inclusive of certain common equity investments
which paid special distributions to the Fund over the last twelve months. Absent these payments, however, income-accruing assets represented
92.0% off the portfolios fair value as of December 31, 2024.

13 

5. There can be no assurance the Fund will successfully complete the proposed listing. If the Fund completes a listing of its common
shares, shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a price lower than their net asset value. This is commonly referred to as trading
at a discount. This characteristic of shares of closed-end funds is a risk separate and distinct from the risk that a funds
net asset value may decrease. Because the shares of the Fund have been illiquid, this risk may be more pronounced during the period shortly
after the listing, during which the shares may experience greater volatility and may trade at significant discounts to net asset value.
The fund is designed primarily for long-term investors and should not be considered a vehicle for trading purposes. Whether investors
will realize a gain or loss upon the sale of the Funds common shares will depend upon whether the market value of the shares at
the time of sale is above or below the price the investor paid, taking into account transaction costs, for the common shares and is not
directly dependent upon the Funds net asset value. Because the market value of the Funds common shares will be determined
by factors such as the relative demand for and supply of the common shares in the market, general market conditions and other factors
beyond the control of the Fund, the Fund cannot predict whether its common stock will trade at, below or above NAV, or below or above
the initial listing price for the common shares. As a result, even if the Fund does complete a listing, shareholders may not receive a
return of all of their invested capital upon a sale of their shares on the exchange.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Statements included herein may constitute forward-looking
statements as that term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements with regard to future events or the future performance
or operations of the Fund, including but not limited to, anticipated distribution rates and liquidity events. Words such as intends,
will, believes, expects, projects, future and may
or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent
uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include changes in the economy
due to geo-political risks, risks associated with possible disruption to the Funds operations or the economy generally due to hostilities,
terrorism, natural disasters or pandemics, future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in the Funds operating area, unexpected
costs, the ability of the Fund to complete the reorganization, complete the listing of the common shares on a national securities exchange,
the price at which the common shares may trade on a national securities exchange, and failure to list the common shares on a national
securities exchange, and such other factors that are disclosed in the Funds filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC). The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that any plans, estimates
or expectations will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. Except as required by
federal securities laws, the Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND WHERE TO FIND IT

In
connection with the Reorganization and Declaration of Trust amendments discussed herein, the Fund and the Successor Fund expect to file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) solicitation materials in the form of a joint proxy statement/prospectus
that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be
amended or withdrawn and the proxy statement and/or joint proxy statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and
until the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC. Investors are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and any
other relevant documents filed or to be filed with the SEC carefully when they become available because they will contain important information
about the Reorganization, the Declaration of Trust amendment proposals, the Fund and the Successor Fund. After they are filed, free copies
of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents will be available on the SECs web site at www.sec.gov or at www.fsproxy.com.

14 

As of April 24, 2025

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

The
Fund, its trustees and certain of its officers may be considered to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders
in connection with the matters described herein. Information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect
interests in the Fund, by security holdings or otherwise, are set forth in the proxy statement and any other materials filed with the
SEC in connection with the Funds 2024 annual meeting of shareholders. Additional information regarding the identity of potential
participants, and their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus
relating to the matters described herein when it is available. Shareholders are able to obtain any proxy statement, any amendments or
supplements to the proxy statement and other documents filed by the Fund with the SEC for no charge at the SECs website at www.sec.gov.
Copies are available at no charge at the Funds website at www.fsproxy.com.

Investors should consider a funds investment objective, risks,
and charges and expenses before investing. The proxy statement/prospectus, when available, will contain this and other information about
the fund, including risk factors that should be carefully considered.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

FS Specialty LendingPreparing for a shareholder liquidity event April 2025
1

2
Table of contents
Start time Topics
xx:xx Executive summary
xx:xx Why convert to a closed-end fund?
xx:xx Listing overview
xx:xx Why list now?
xx:xx What is a direct listing?
xx:xx What is the purpose of the reverse share split?
xx:xx What will shareholders vote on?
xx:xx When will distributions be paid?
xx:xx Shareholder resources 

3
On April 24, 2025, FS Specialty Lending Fund (the Fund) announced that its board of
trustees approved a plan to prepare for the listing of its common shares on the New York
Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Prior to listing and subject to shareholder approval, the Fund will be converted from a business
development company to a closed-end fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940
through a reorganization into a newly formed closed-end fund.
The closed-end fund (FSSL) will be named FS Specialty Lending Fund and will maintain the same
board, investment objectives and investment strategy.1
We currently expect FSSLs common shares to begin trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol
FSSL before the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to market conditions, shareholder
approval, and final Board approval.2
1. The closed-end fund will maintain the same strategy other than with respect to the portfolio criteria imposed on business development companies (BDC) by the 1940 Act.
2. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to complete the listing within the expected time frame or at all. The timing of a listing is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, Board approval, SEC review, shareholder approval, market conditions and fund
performance.
FS Specialty Lending Fund announces liquidity plan
Visit www.fsproxy.com for a complete list of resources and fund updates

4
Why convert to a registered closed-end fund?
All data as of December 31, 2024.
1. The actual dividend yield at listing may be higher or lower based on the then current NAV. The payment of future distributions on the close-end funds common shares is subject to the discretion of the closed-end funds board of trustees and applicable legal
restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions.

Experienced
management team
The FS Global Credit team manages FS Credit Opportunities Corp. (NYSE: FSCO),
a listed registered closed-end fund that follows a similar strategy as the Fund. FSCO
has delivered strong returns since its listing on the NYSE in November 2022.

Dividend aligned with
closed-end fund peers
9.09.5% targeted annualized distribution rate is competitive with large, credit-focused closed-end fund peers and offers an attractive premium above risk-free
rates.
1

Borrowings aligned
with closed-end fund peers
FSSLs expected level of borrowings (debt-to-equity of 0.25x-0.4x) is consistent with
closed-end fund peers and below the regulatory limit applicable to closed-end
funds (0.5x debt-to-equity).
Strong market visibility Would rank as one of the largest listed registered credit-focused closed-end funds
with $2.1 billion in assets. 

5
Listing overview

Preparing for a public listing on the NYSE
6
Liquidity plan phase
(expected timing)
Noteworthy event Shareholder action required?
Phase I April 24, 2025 Announcement of intended listing No
Phase II Mid-May Execution of reverse share split and
account consolidation No
Phase III Late June Commencement of shareholder proxy solicitation Yes your vote is needed!
Phase IV Late Q3 / Early Q4 Listing preparation operational considerations Maybe, depending on your custodian.
Liquidity plan overview and shareholder considerations

Late June
Commence shareholder
proxy solicitation when
registration statement
becomes effective
(subject to SEC review
period)
Seek shareholder approval of proxy proposals
Targeted timeline of key events
7
April May June July Q4
Late April
File Registration
Statement containing
proxy statement and
prospectus with the
SEC
April 22
Board approved a plan
to prepare for a listing
Early May
Temporary shareholder
account maintenance
freeze
Listing
There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to complete the listing within the expected time frame or at all. The timing of each of the key events listed above is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, Board approval, SEC review, shareholder approval, market
conditions and fund performance.
2-3 weeks
prior to listing
Conversion of the Fund
to a registered closed-end fund through a
reorganization
Aug
Mid-May
Account / CUSIP
Consolidation
Conduct 6-for-1 reverse
share split
August
Shareholder
meeting

The management team, board, investment objectives and strategy will remain the same1
1. The investment strategy will remain the same except for certain requirements specific to BDCs under the 1940 Act, which wont apply once the Fund is converted to a closed-end fund.
2. For each quarter after the listing date, the base management fee will be reduced from 1.75% to 1.50% of gross assets. In addition, the Adviser has agreed to waive 0.15% of the fee, resulting in an effective base management fee of 1.35% on gross assets for as long as the
fund remains a registered closed-end fund. Amounts waived by the Adviser will not be subject to recoupment from the fund.
3. See Endnote on slide 29 for further details regarding the changes to the incentive fees.
Investment management highlights
Investment
management
The Funds Adviser is currently jointly operated by an affiliate of FS Investments and EIG Asset Management, LLC.
Concurrent with the conversion to a registered closed-end fund, FS Investments will acquire EIGs interest in the
Adviser, making the Adviser an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of FS Investments.
The Adviser will continue managing FSSL, with FS Investments Global Credit Team assuming full investment
management responsibilities. This team has played a central role in the Funds transition to a diversified credit
strategy since May 2023.
Fee
changes3
Upon a listing, the base management fee will be reduced from 1.75% to 1.50% of gross assets. Upon a listing, the
Adviser has agreed to waive 0.15% of the fee, resulting in an effective base management fee of 1.35% on gross
assets for as long as FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund.2
The Adviser currently may earn incentive fees consisting of two components: (i) a capital gains incentive fee and (ii)
a subordinated income incentive fee.
Following the Funds conversion to a closed-end fund, the Adviser will no longer be entitled to a capital
gains incentive fee.
Upon a listing, the Adviser has agreed to waive a portion of the income incentive fee, reducing it from 20%
to 10% for as long as FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund subject to an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0%.
8

9
Why list now?

Key metrics that we believe are necessary to maximize the Funds commercial appeal
10
1. Energy holding represented 14.5% of the portfolios fair value as of December 31, 2024.
2. The targeted annualized distribution rate is based on current market conditions, expressed as a percent of the Funds NAV and assumes the Funds distributions are fully funded through net investment income. The actual annualized distribution rate may be
higher or lower at the time of a liquidity event based on the Funds then-current NAV, pace of the portfolio rotation, Fund performance and market conditions, among other factors. The timing and amount of future distributions are subject to Board approval,
market conditions and legal restrictions.
3. Income-accruing assets represented 96.0% of the portfolios fair value as of December 31, 2024, which includes select common equity investments which paid special distributions to the Fund over the last twelve months. Absent these payments, income-accruing assets represented 92.0% of the portfolios fair value as of December 31, 2024.
Portfolio is at or near key target metrics for liquidity event
~9%
Targeted annualized
distribution rate2

<20%
Energy holdings1
~90%
Income-accruing
assets2,3

11
Attractively positioned for public markets
All data as of December 31, 2024 unless otherwise stated.
1. The actual dividend yield at listing may be higher or lower based on the then current NAV. The payment of future distributions on FSSLs common shares is subject to the discretion of FSSLs board of Trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there
can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions.
2. Senior secured debt includes fist lien loans, second lien loans and senior secured bonds.
Scale & market visibility Would rank as one of the largest listed credit-focused closed-end funds with $2.1
billion in assets
Proven management team The FS Global Credit team manages FS Credit Opportunities Corp. (NYSE:
FSCO), a publicly traded closed-end Fund with a similar strategy as FSSL and has
delivered strong returns since listing FSCOs shares on the NYSE in November
2022.
Differentiated strategy Dynamically invests across private & public credit with a focus on lower and core
private U.S. middle market companies and opportunistic, less trafficked areas of the
public credit market.
Attractive dividend 9.0%9.5%
targeted annualized distribution rate at listing based on NAV1
Defensively positioned 87%
Senior secured debt2
81%
Floating rate
21
Industries 

12
Assets under management ($ millions)
Source: Company filings. As of latest publicly available information. FSCO, FSSL, PRIF and ARDC are as of December 31, 2024. GOF is as of November 30, 2024. ACP and KIO are as of October 31, 2024.
FSCO is FS Credit Opportunities Corp. GOF is Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund. FSSL is FS Specialty Lending Fund. ACP is Abrdn Income Credit Strategies Fund. BGB is Blackstone Strategic Credit 2027 Term Fund. PRIF is Priority Income Fund.
KIO is KKR Income Opportunities Fund. ARDC is Ares Dynamic Credit Allocation Fund.
Asset size provides significant visibility in public market
$2,329 $2,325
$2,131
$1,064 $1,010
$916
$607 $577
FSCO GOF FSSL ACP BGB PRIF KIO ARDC

The Fund dynamically invests across private and public credit with a focus on
core private middle market companies based on the greatest relative value opportunities
13
Differentiated focus across private and public credit
Private markets Public markets
Direct lending
Private equity sponsored businesses
Non-sponsored businesses
Capital structure solutions
Transitional capital
Liquidity solutions
Lending to dislocated sectors
Opportunistic credit
Performing companies with attractive yields
Opportunities created during dislocations
Complex situations in primary markets
Misunderstood or off-the-run credit
Structured credit
Special Situations: Idiosyncratic stressed
and event-driven catalysts for price appreciation,
including M&A, refinancing debt maturities and
earnings growth 

Diversified portfolio focused on senior secured debt
Asset type
78% Senior Secured Loans 1st Lien
Senior Secured Loans 2nd Lien
6% Senior Secured Bonds
2% Subordinated Debt
2% Asset Based Finance
9% Equity/Other
Industry classification
11% Commercial & Professional Services 5% Media & Entertainment
10% Consumer Services 5% Financial Services
10% Healthcare Equipment & Services 4% Consumer Durables & Apparel
9% Capital Goods 4% Consumer Discretionary Distribution & Retail
9% Energy Upstream 4% Energy Midstream
7% Materials 22% Other3
All figures based on fair value as of December 31, 2024. The Funds portfolio is actively managed, and the foregoing presents only a snapshot as of December 31, 2024. There is no assurance that the composition of the Funds portfolio, either currently or in the
future, will resemble the composition of the Funds portfolio as of December 31, 2024. The Funds current or future portfolio allocations that may be the same, similar or different from those reflected as of December 31, 2024.
1. Senior secured debt includes first lien loans, second lien loans and senior secured bonds.
2. Based on assets classified as Level 3.
3. Other includes Software & Services, Household & Personal Products Transportation, Automobiles & Components (3%) Consumer Staples Distribution & Retail, Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences, Telecommunication Services, Insurance, Transportation
(2%) Energy Renewables, Equity Real Estate Investments Trusts (REITs), Energy Service & Equipment (1%) Energy Power (<1%). 14
$2.1B 86 87% 81% 52%
Total assets Portfolio companies Senior secured debt1 Floating rate assets Private assets2

Cycle-tested team with strong track record investing across changing markets
15
As of September 30, 2024. There can be no assurance that any of these investment professionals will remain with FS Investments or that past experience or performance of such professionals serves
as an indicator of future performance or success. Please review the relevant fund offering documents for important disclosures.
Experienced management team
Robust
team
24
Professionals
Seasoned
experience
15 years
Average
experience
Firm-wide support
14
Portfolio
Management
professionals
3
Capital Markets
professionals
30
Legal/Compliance
professionals
10
Accounting
professionals
20
Finance
professionals
82
Operations + IT
professionals + 12 investment professionals
Select prior firms
Anchorage Investments
Apollo
Benefit Street Partners
Carlyle
Goldman Sachs
Golub
Fortress Investment Group
Dan Cohn-Sfetcu
Managing Director
30 years experience
Scott Giardina
Managing Director
23 years experience
James Holley
Managing Director
21 years experience
Kenichiro Jin
Managing Director
21 years experience
David Weiser
Managing Director
21 years experience
Matthew Campbell
Managing Director
18 years experience
Daniel Levan
Managing Director
17 years experience
Brian Hightower
Managing Director
16 years experience
Rushabh Vora
Managing Director
16 years experience
Gabriel Malitzky
Managing Director
11 years experience
Nicholas Heilbut, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research, 26 years experience
Andrew Beckman, Head of Global Credit, Portfolio Manager, 29 years experience
1996 1998 2004 2012 2016 2018
Investcorp Goldman Sachs (SSG) Magnetar FS Investments DW
Partners
Salomon
Smith
Barney
1999 2001 2009 2012 2016 2018
DLJ Goldman Sachs (SSG) Serengeti Magnetar DW
Partners FS Investments

16
What is a direct listing?

17
Intend to list FSSLs shares on the NYSE through a direct listing
Key differences between a direct listing and IPO
FSSLs direct listing Initial public offering (IPO)
Initial trading price No pre-determined price
(Driven by supply & demand for stock) Based on offering price
New shares issued No Yes
New capital raised by company No Yes
Road shows with new potential investors Yes Yes

Valuations and stock prices have generally increased after initial downward pressure
18
Price-to-book value (indexed) Daily trading volume as % of shares outstanding

Source: Factset, Bloomberg, company filings.
Analysis represents average performance of RiverNorth Specialty Finance Corporation (RSF), Vertical Capital Income Fund (VCIF), Corporate Capital Trust (CCT), FS KKR Capital Corp. II (FSKR) and FS KKR Capital Corp. (FSK). The foregoing information is
presented for illustrative purposes only. The trading performance of the Fund may differ materially from the information set forth above.
Prior listings in perspective
0.0%
0.2%
0.4%
0.6%
0.8%
1.0%
1.2%
1.4%
1.6%
1.8%
0.76x
0.78x
0.80x
0.82x
0.84x
0.86x
0.88x
0.90x
Day 1 Day
10
Day
20
Day
30
Day
40
Day
50
Day
60
Day
70
Day
80
Day
90
Day
100
Day
110
Day
120
Day
130
Day
140
Day
150
Day
160
Day
170
Day
180
Listing + 6 days
0.78x
Listing + 90 days
0.85x
Listing +180 days
0.88x

19
What is the purpose of
the reverse share split? 

What is the purpose of a
reverse stock split?
Comply with NYSE listing
requirements which mandate a
minimum listing share price of $4.00
per share.
Meet minimum share price
requirements for certain
intermediaries, broker dealers and
custodians.
Align the share price with public
closed-end fund peers, which
generally range from $10 to $20 per
share.
20
A shareholders' common shares will automatically be converted into a number of common shares (and/or fractional common shares, as applicable) equal to the number of common shares
held immediately prior to the reverse share split divided by six.
1. As of December 31, 2024. The actual net asset value will be determined immediately prior to the share split.
Pre-listing: Reverse share split
Illustrative example:
Before share split After share split
Fund net asset value per share $3.301 x 6 = $19.80
Number of shares owned 3,030 6 = 505
Shareholder value $10,000 $10,000
The Fund intends to conduct a 6-for-1 reverse share split in mid-May 2025.
Following the split, shareholders will own one share for every six shares held
before the reverse share split. 

21
To prepare for a listing, the Fund will consolidate account types ahead of the reverse share split
Consolidation of fund accounts
Current account detail Post-CUSIP consolidation
Fund Name CUSIP Fund # CUSIP Fund #
FS Specialty Lending Fund 30264D109 3804 New CUSIP to be issued No change
FS Specialty Lending Fund Adv Plus 30299B300 5824
FS Specialty Lending Fund Advisory 302999248 5834 Accounts consolidate into the main fund (#3804)
FS Specialty Lending Fund Inst. 30299G606 5814
Shareholders do not need to take any action for the account consolidation this is an operational step. 

22
What will
shareholders be
asked to vote on?

23
Overview of shareholder proxy proposals
Proposal #1:
Proposal 1 seeks to eliminate certain provisions of the DOT.
Proposal #2:
Seeks to amend the DOT to clarify the shareholder voting
standard in connection with a merger or reorganization of
the Fund that has been approved by the board
Shareholder approval for all three proposals is a prerequisite for a listing.
Why does the Fund need to amend the DOT?
Certain provisions in the DOT currently prohibit the Fund from
engaging in a Roll-Up Transaction, which includes acquisitions,
mergers, conversions and other transactions.
These provisions were adopted to comply with certain blue sky
regulations applicable during the Funds public offering but will no
longer apply once the Fund is listed as a closed-end fund.
This proposal seeks to remove those provisions from the DOT to
facilitate the Funds conversion to a closed-end fund through the
reorganization.
Why does the Fund need to amend the DOT?
This proposal seeks to amend the DOT to clarify the board and
shareholder approval requirements for converting the Fund to a
registered closed-end fund through the reorganization.
The current language may create ambiguity in interpreting the
shareholder vote requirement. The proposed changes are
intended to clarify this language and ensure alignment with the
Funds planned conversion through the reorganization.
The first two proposals seek to amend the Funds Declaration of Trust (DOT), the legal document that governs key
aspects of its operations. 

24
1. The investment strategy will remain the same except for certain requirements specific to BDCs under the 1940 Act, which wont apply once the Fund is converted to a closed-end fund. The Funds Adviser is currently jointly operated by an affiliate of FS Investments and
EIG Asset Management, LLC. Concurrent with the conversion to a closed-end fund, FS Investments will acquire EIGs interest in the Adviser, making the Adviser an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of FS Investments.
Overview of shareholder proxy proposals
Proposal #3:
Seeks shareholder approval for the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
Shareholder approval for all three proposals is a prerequisite for a listing.
The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization outlines the proposed reorganization of the Fund through the merger of the
Fund with and into a newly formed closed-end fund.
As part of the reorganization, all outstanding common shares of the Fund will be exchanged for newly issued shares of
FSSL as the new closed-end fund.
There will be no change to the Funds investment objectives or strategy and the Funds management.1
The Adviser will no longer earn a capital gains incentive fee and a portion of the base management and incentive fee
on income will be waived commencing upon the listing and continuing for as long as FSSL is a registered closed-end
fund. 

25
When will
distributions be paid?

26
1. The actual annualized distribution rate at listing may be higher or lower based on the then current NAV. The payment of future distributions on the funds common shares is subject to the discretion of the funds board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions
and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions
Targeted 2025 distribution schedule
Q2 distribution to be paid in July
1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 18 19
20 21 22 23 24 25 26
27 28 29 30 31
Q1 and Q2 2025 enhanced quarterly distributions expected to be paid
approximately three weeks after quarter-end based on an annualized rate of
12.5% based on the Funds then-current NAV.
If a listing occurs prior to the end of Q3 2025, we expect FSSL to pay a full
quarterly enhanced distribution for the third quarter, payable in October. In
the fourth quarter we expect FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly
distribution representing an annualized distribution rate of 9.0%9.5% of the
FSSLs NAV.1
If a listing occurs in Q4 2025, the Fund will pay a full quarterly enhanced
distribution for the third quarter of 2025. In the fourth quarter, we expect
FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly distribution representing an annualized
distribution rate of 9.0%9.5% of the FSSLs NAV.1
Beginning in January 2026, FSSL expects to declare and pay distributions
monthly, subject to a listing and board approval.
Q1 distribution to be paid in April
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18 19 20 21
22 23 24 25 26 27 28
29 30

27
Resources

28
Visit www.FSproxy.com
Summary overview of listing process
Timeline
Distributions
Operational considerations
FAQ
On-demand presentation
Slide presentation
Shareholder resources

29
Pursuant to the terms of FSSLs Investment Advisory Agreement, for any quarter ending after the listing, the incentive fee on income is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and
equals 20.0% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on net assets, equal to
1.5% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0%. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for
such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.5%. Once FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a catch-up
fee equal to the amount of the closed-end funds pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such
quarter equals 1.875%, or 7.5% annually, of net assets. This catch-up feature will allow the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate.
Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to receive 20.0% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income.
While the incentive fee on income of the Fund and FSSL prior to the listing will be subject to a hurdle rate equal to a percentage of adjusted capital (as defined in the Funds and the
closed-end funds Investment Advisory Agreement) the incentive fee on income of FSSL after the listing will be subject to a hurdle rate expressed as a rate of return on net assets,
which will have the effect of making it more likely that the funds pre-incentive fee net investment income will exceed the hurdle rate and therefore more likely that FSSL will pay an
incentive fee on income.
Effective on the listing and for so long as FSSL is a registered closed-end fund, the Adviser has contractually agreed to waive a portion of the FSSLs incentive fee. After giving effect
to such fee waiver, the incentive fee on income will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 10.00% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for the
immediately preceding quarter subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on net assets, equal to 1.5% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0% compared to the
current hurdle rate of 6.5%. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the
hurdle rate of 1.5%. Once FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of
FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 1.667%, or 6.667%
annually, of net assets. This catch-up feature will allow the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled
to receive 10.00% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income. Amounts waived by the Adviser will not be subject to recoupment from FSSL.
Endnotes 

30
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Statements included herein may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements with regard to future events or the future performance or
operations of the Fund, including but not limited to, anticipated distribution rates and liquidity events. Words such as intends, will, believes, expects, projects, future
and may or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting
future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially include changes in the economy due to geo-political risks, risks associated with possible disruption to the Funds operations or the
economy generally due to hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters or pandemics, future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in the Funds operating area,
unexpected costs, the ability of the Fund to complete the reorganization, complete the listing of the successor funds common shares on a national securities exchange, the
price at which the common shares may trade on a national securities exchange, and failure to list the common shares on a national securities exchange, and such other
factors that are disclosed in the Funds filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be
regarded as a representation that any plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication.
Except as required by federal securities laws, the Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.
Disclosures 

31
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND WHERE TO FIND IT
In connection with the Reorganization and Declaration of Trust amendments discussed herein, the Fund and FSSL expect to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) solicitation materials in the form of a joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14. After
the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be amended or withdrawn and the proxy statement and/or joint proxy statement/prospectus will not be distributed to
shareholders unless and until the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC. Investors are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and any other
relevant documents filed or to be filed with the SEC carefully when they become available because they will contain important information about the Reorganization, the
Declaration of Trust amendment proposals, the Fund and FSSL. After they are filed, free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents will
be available on the SECs web site at www.sec.gov or at www.fsproxy.com.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
The Fund, its trustees and certain of its officers may be considered to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders in connection with the matters described
herein. Information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests in the Fund, by security holdings or otherwise, are set forth in the proxy
statement and any other materials filed with the SEC in connection with the Funds 2024 annual meeting of shareholders. Additional information regarding the identity of
potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the matters
described herein when it is available. Shareholders are able to obtain any proxy statement, any amendments or supplements to the proxy statement and other documents
filed by the Fund with the SEC for no charge at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Copies are available at no charge at the Funds website at www.fsproxy.com. Investors
should consider a funds investment objective, risks, and charges and expenses before investing. The proxy statement/prospectus, when available, will contain this and
other information about the fund, including risk factors that should be carefully considered.
Disclosures
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

FS Specialty Lending Fund listing overview video transcript

00:00 Cover slide

As a shareholder in FS Specialty Lending Fund, were pleased
to share important updates on the Funds plan to provide liquidity for all shareholders through a public listing of its common shares
on the New York Stock Exchange later this year.

00:14 Table of contents

During the presentation we will cover the rationale and expected timeline
for the anticipated listing as well as operational considerations for shareholders.

00:24 FS Specialty Lending Fund announces liquidity plan

To begin the presentation, on April 24th 2025, FS Specialty Lending
Fund announced that its board of trustees approved a plan to prepare for the listing of its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange,
or NYSE for short.

In advance of the listing, the Fund will be converted from a business
development company to a closed-end fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, through a reorganization into a newly formed
closed-end fund. The reorganization is subject to shareholder approval.

The closed-end fund will be named FS Specialty Lending Fund and we
currently expect its common shares to begin trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FSSL before the end of the fourth quarter of 2025,
subject to market conditions, shareholder approval, and final Board approval.

Although we are working toward a listing within the targeted time frame,
the timing may be subject to change based on a variety of factors.

01:27 Why convert to a closed-end fund?

The decision to convert the Fund to a closed-end fund was guided by
several key factors that we believe are in the best interests of shareholders.

First, the management team has significant experience in managing closed-end
funds. The existing Adviser will continue to manage the Fund, with FS Investments Global Credit Team assuming full investment management
responsibilities. This team has played a central role in the Funds transition to a diversified credit strategy since May 2023.

The FS Global Credit team also manages FS Credit Opportunities Corp.,
a publicly traded closed-end fund with a strategy similar to the Fund. FSCO was listed on the NYSE in November 2022 and has delivered
strong returns since that time. We believe the Fund is well positioned to benefit from the teams expertise, differentiated sourcing
network, and deep investment experience across the combined platform.

Second, the targeted distribution will be well aligned with closed-end
fund peers: At the time of listing, we expect the funds annualized distribution rate to be approximately 9.0% to 9.5%, based on
its NAV, making it competitive with closed-end fund peers and offering a significant income premium over risk-free rates.

In addition, the funds level of borrowings is well aligned with
peers.

Finally, the Fund will have strong visibility in the public market.
As of December 31, 2024, the Fund managed approximately $2.1 billion in assets, which would rank as one of the largest public credit-focused
closed-end funds. A relatively higher market capitalization and float compared to peers may enhance secondary market liquidity and attract
a broader investor base upon listing.

1 

03:17 Listing overview

Over the next 3 slides, we will discuss the timeline and other key
details of the plan.

Preparations for the anticipated listing will be executed through a
multi-step process.

As the slide shows, the listing process will occur over four phases.

The next meaningful milestone will occur in Mid-May when the Fund
conducts a 6-for-1 reverse share split. We will discuss the share split as well as other operational considerations later in the presentation.
Shareholders do not need to take any action ahead of the share split.

In fact, no shareholder action is needed until the Fund commences a
shareholder proxy solicitation, which we expect to begin in June. Shareholders will be asked to vote on three proposals related to the
conversion of the Fund to a closed-end fund. All three proposals must be approved for the listing to move forward.

Pending shareholder approval, market conditions, final board approval
and other requirements, we expect the listing to occur in late Q3 or early Q4 of 2025.

We will continue to update the investor-friendly
resources available at www.FSProxy.com throughout each phase of the process.

Turning to the next slide, we provide a closer look at the key steps
in the timeline.

To prepare for the reverse share split in mid-May, a temporary freeze
on shareholder account maintenance requests will go into effect in early May.

During this time, certain account maintenance activities, such as share
transfers or updates to account information, will be temporarily unavailable. However, the freeze will be lifted once the reverse share
split is complete.

We will continue to update the timeline and shareholder resources as
we near the start of the shareholder proxy solicitation in June and the anticipated listing later this year.

On the next slide, we highlight two important updates related to the
investment management functions for the Fund.

First, the Funds investment objectives or investment strategy
will remain unchanged, except that the Fund will no longer be subject to certain requirements specific to business development companies.

Following the reorganization, the Fund will continue to be overseen
by the same Board of Trustees.

As noted, the Adviser will continue to manage the Fund, with FS Investments
Global Credit Team assuming all investment management responsibilities. The team has played a central role in the Funds transition
to a diversified credit strategy since May 2023.

Given the Funds small allocation to energy and power companies
and the expectation that this allocation will continue to decline over time, the Adviser will acquire EIG Asset Managements interest
in the Adviser and EIG personnel will no longer provide services to the Fund through the Adviser. The Adviser will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of FS Investments.

Next, a portion of the management and incentive fees will be waived
upon a listing and continuing for as long as FSSL remains a registered closed end-fund.

2 

Upon a listing, the base management fee will be reduced from 1.75%
to 1.50% of gross assets. Additionally, the Adviser has agreed to waive 15 basis points of the fee, resulting in an effective management
fee of 1.35% on gross assets for as long as FSSL remains a registered closed-end fund.

The Adviser currently may earn incentive fees consisting of two parts:
a capital gains incentive fee and a subordinated income incentive fee.

Following the conversion to a closed-end fund, the Adviser will no
longer earn a capital gains incentive fee.

Upon a listing and continuing for so long as FSSL remains a registered
closed-end fund, the Adviser has agreed to waive a portion of the income incentive fee, reducing it from 20% to 10%, subject to an annualized
hurdle rate of 6.0%.

07:24 Why list now?

We will now turn to the rationale for the listing and why we believe
FSSL will be well positioned among the closed-end fund peer group.

In May 2023, we announced plans to transition the Fund to a diversified
credit strategy. At that time, we indicated that the Fund would target a liquidity event by the end of the third quarter of 2026 
within three years of the effective date of the changes to the Funds name, strategy and investment objectives.

To maximize the liquidity options, we believed the Funds strategy,
asset mix, distribution, credit quality, and capital structure needed to be positioned to appeal to the broadest possible investor base
whether through the public markets via a direct listing, a merger with an affiliate or competitor fund, or a sale to institutional
asset managers.

Together with the Funds Board, we determined that regardless
of the eventual liquidity path the Fund must achieve a set of highly interdependent goals to maximize its appeal to the broadest
possible investor base. These goals included the following.

First, reduce energy holdings to approximately 20% or less of the portfolios
fair value to create a more broadly diversified portfolio across industries, sectors and subsectors.

Second, grow the Funds net investment income to support an annualized
distribution rate that is competitive in the market, based on the Funds net asset value at the time of a liquidity event.

And finally, increase income-accruing investments to approximately
90% of the portfolios fair value by reducing the Funds allocation to common equity and underperforming debt investments.

As of December 31, 2024, these key portfolio metrics were at or
near our target range, and we believe the Fund is well-positioned for a liquidity event through a public listing.

In addition to achieving those key metrics, we believe the Fund is
attractively positioned for the public markets.

The Funds large scale provides a significant market presence.
As of December 31, 2024, the Fund managed approximately $2.1 billion in assets, which would rank as one of the largest public credit-focused
closed-end funds.

The Funds strategy is differentiated through its focus investing
across private and public credit. The investment team aims to dynamically allocate capital to the most attractive opportunities across
private and public credit in pursuit of return premiums. Unlike banks, insurance companies, or many private traditional credit strategies,
the team is not constrained by a specific asset class mandate, allowing for greater adaptability in shifting market environments.

3 

We expect the Funds annualized distribution rate to be approximately
9.0% to 9.5%, based on its NAV at the time of listing. We believe this rate is competitive with closed-end fund peers and offers a meaningful
income premium over risk-free rates.

Finally, the portfolio is defensively positioned, with a focus on senior
secured debt and floating rate investments diversified across 21 industries.

We believe these collective attributes position the Fund well among
its closed-end fund peers.

Turning to the next slide, we provide perspective on the Funds
size relative to its peer group based on assets under management.

Size plays a key role in attracting investor interest in the public
markets. A comparatively large float may enhance liquidity and drive greater investor engagement in the secondary market following a listing.

This next slide highlights the segments of the private and public credit
markets where the fund focuses.

Within private markets, the Fund allocates capital based on two primary
strategies:

First, is direct lending, where we lend to lower and core middle market
companies with average earnings of $25M$75M a segment we view as a competitive sweet spot. These are typically robust businesses
that are often too small for large credit managers and may not meet the standardized criteria for traditional lenders like banks. Reduced
competition allows us to drive favorable deal terms and pricing.

The Fund also provides diverse financing solutions for companies undergoing
changes in their business or with balance sheets outside standard bank underwriting criteria. These are often bespoke, highly structured
transactions where we can secure more favorable terms, enhanced yields and stronger downside protection than those found in the broader
markets.

Within public markets, the Fund allocates capital across two primary
strategies.

The first is opportunistic credit, which targets high-quality, performing
companies with attractive yields often in less trafficked corners of the market or in companies with complex balance sheets where
we can earn a yield premium.

The second key focus within public credit is event-driven opportunities,
which may arise from corporate actions such as mergers, acquisitions, upcoming debt maturities or overlooked growth catalysts.

These events can create uncertainty and lead to mispriced debt, allowing
us to purchase assets at attractive prices and generate returns above current yields.

We believe having the flexibility to invest across private and public
credit as market conditions and investment opportunities evolve is critical to delivering strong, risk-adjusted returns.

The next slide offers a closer look at the Funds portfolio allocations.
As noted earlier, the portfolio is weighted toward senior secured debt, with 78% of the portfolio in first lien loans as of December 31,
2024.

Approximately 81% of the portfolio is comprised of floating rate assets,
which we believe can help protect principal in changing interest rate environments.

We have significantly enhanced industry diversification as the portfolio
has transitioned from a single-sector strategy to a diversified credit strategy.

4 

Slide 15: Experienced management team

As mentioned, the Fund will be solely managed by FS Investments
Global Credit Team which was formed in 2017 and led by Andrew Beckman and Nick Heilbut, previously of DW Partners, Magnetar and Goldman
Sachs Special Situations Multi strategy Group.

Their vision was to bring the investment style they ran at Goldman
to a broader investor base and build a global credit business with diverse market exposure.

Today the team manages $7.6 billion in assets for institutional and
individuals across closed end funds, private drawdown funds, and the Fund.

Theres a high continuity of senior leadership. Andrew and several
senior members of the team have worked together for nearly 20 years, going back to the early 2000s.

The team has access to the full resources, personnel and infrastructure
of FS Investments $84 billion asset management platform which provides a continuous flow of market insights to enhance the teams
underwriting process and increase the likelihood of generating strong returns for shareholders.

The team has significant experience sourcing, underwriting and managing
investments in middle-market companies with a specialized focus on lower and core middle-market companies.

The Fund leverages an extensive deal sourcing network spanning the
investment management team and the broader firm, including a private sourcing partnership with J.P. Morgan, to originate differentiated
investment opportunities.

15:21 What is a direct listing?

We will now discuss the listing process and the key shareholder considerations.

Subject to market conditions, final board approval and other factors,
the Funds common shares are expected to begin trading on the NYSE through a direct listing, rather than a traditional initial public
offering.

This is an important distinction because, in an IPO, a company issues
new shares and raises new capital in the public markets at an offering price and shares typically begin trading in the public markets
based on the offering price.

In contrast, FSSLs direct listing does not involve the issuance
of new shares, and the stock price will not be set prior to the listing.

Instead, the public share price will be determined by market dynamics
specifically, the supply from existing shareholders looking to sell and demand from both existing and new investors seeking to
purchase shares.

If supply significantly exceeds demand at listing, meaning there are
more sellers than buyers, FSSLs share price may decline and trade at a meaningful discount to its net asset value. Conversely,
if supply and demand are more balanced, the share price may trade closer to NAV.

We believe a public listing offers a balanced liquidity solution by
providing existing shareholders with near-term access to liquidity while preserving the opportunity for long-term value appreciation for
those who choose to remain invested.

While there is no exact market comparison to FSSL, several direct listings
of closed-end funds and BDCs offer relevant insights that may help inform expectations for the Funds listing.

As shown by the gray bars on the slide, heavy selling activity is common
immediately following a listing. This pattern often reflects shareholders desire for near-term liquidity, which is frequently driven
by factors unrelated to achieving the best possible execution price.

5 

Over time, trading volumes typically decline, selling pressure eases, and share prices often trend higher as the market stabilizes and
the investor base broadens.

We believe a listing offers a balanced liquidity solution by providing
existing shareholders with near-term access to liquidity while preserving the opportunity for long-term value appreciation for those who
choose to remain invested.

As we approach the listing date, we plan to conduct roadshows with
institutional investors and financial advisory platforms to help build awareness for the funds common shares in the secondary market.

Additionally, FS Investments and or its affiliates are evaluating potential
options for strengthening demand for FSSLs shares in the secondary market.

18:09 What is the purpose of a reverse share split?

Well now take a few minutes to walk through the rationale and
next steps for the reverse share split.

The Fund intends to conduct a 6-for-1 reverse share split in Mid-May.
Following the split, shareholders will receive one share of the Funds common share for every six shares held before the reverse
split.

The reverse share split is designed to help achieve the following objectives.

First, comply with NYSE listing requirements which mandate a minimum
stock price of $4.00 per share at the time of listing. As of December 31, 2024, FSSLs net asset value was $3.30 per share.

Second, align FSSLs share price with the typical trading range
of comparable closed-end funds, which have historically traded in the range of approximately $10 to $20 per share.

Finally, meet minimum share price requirements for certain broker dealers
and custodians.

The most important takeaway is that a shareholders investment
value will not change as a result of the reverse share split. In addition, shareholders do not need to take action in connection
with the split.

In the example shown here, we assume a shareholder owns $10,000 worth
of shares prior to the split based on the Funds NAV per share of $3.30 as of December 31, 2024.

Following the reverse stock split, the shareholder would own 505 shares
which is calculated by dividing the number of shares held prior to the split by six. The NAV per share increases in equal proportion from
$3.30 per share to $19.80 per share.

As shown here, the total value of the shareholders investment
remains the same as the number of shares decrease while the per-share value increases proportionally.

To simplify the reverse share split process, the Fund will consolidate
certain account types ahead of the split. No action is required from shareholders, and this consolidation will not affect the value of
any shareholders account.

During the Funds offering period, shares were purchased through
four different account types, depending on the financial intermediary. Each account type is associated with a distinct fund number and
CUSIP, which is an alphanumeric code used to identify financial securities.

Shortly before the reverse share split, the Fund will consolidate the
existing account types into a main account with a new CUSIP, as shown on the slide.

6 

20:46 What will shareholders be asked to vote on?

Following the reverse share split in Mid-May, the next major milestone
in the listing process will be the start of the shareholder proxy solicitation.

Shareholders will be asked to vote on three proposals at the Funds
special shareholder meeting expected to take place in the third quarter of 2025. Approval of all three proposals is required for the listing
to proceed in late Q3 or early Q4 2025.

The first two proposals relate to amending the Funds Declaration
of Trust, or DOT, which is the legal document that governs key aspects of its operations. Certain provisions in the current DOT would
no longer be applicable to the Fund as a listed closed-end fund or could restrict its ability to reorganize as a closed-end fund and potentially
hinder the execution of the Board-approved liquidity plan.

The first proposal seeks to remove those provisions from the DOT to
facilitate the Funds conversion to a closed-end fund through the reorganization.

The second proposal seeks to amend the DOT to clarify the board and
shareholder approval requirements for converting the Fund to a closed end fund through the reorganization. The current language may create
ambiguity in interpreting the shareholder vote requirement. The proposed changes are intended to clarify this language and ensure alignment
with the Funds planned conversion through the reorganization.

The third proposal seeks shareholder approval to the Agreement and
Plan of Reorganization which outlines the proposed reorganization of FSSL through a merger into a newly formed closed-end fund. As part
of the reorganization, all outstanding common shares of FSSL will be exchanged for newly issued shares of the closed-end fund.

As previously noted, there will be no change to the Funds investment
objectives or strategy except that the Fund will no longer be subject to certain requirements specific to business development companies.

As we near the start of the shareholder proxy solicitation process,
we will ensure both shareholders and their financial advisors have access to the necessary documents and resources to support the voting
process.

23:04 When will distributions be paid?

The next slide provides an overview of the Funds expected distribution
schedule through 2025.

We expect the Fund to pay enhanced quarterly distributions for Q1 and
Q2 2025, paid in April and July, respectively, based on an annualized distribution rate of 12.5% based on the Funds then-current
NAV.

The Funds quarterly enhanced distributions were intended to
provide attractive returns during the transition period to a diversified credit strategy, with the understanding that they would conclude
upon a long-term liquidity event and a portion of the distributions may represent a return of capital.

Accordingly, the Fund will no longer pay enhanced distributions following
its listing on the NYSE.

Given our expectation for a listing in late Q3 or early Q4, we expect
the quarterly enhanced distribution for the third quarter will be the final quarterly enhanced distribution.

If a listing occurs prior to the end of the third quarter of 2025,
we expect FSSL to pay a full quarterly enhanced distribution for the third quarter, payable in October. In the fourth quarter we expect
FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly distribution representing an annualized distribution rate of 9.0% to 9.5% of the FSSLs NAV.
We believe this rate is competitive with those of closed-end fund peers and offers a meaningful income premium over risk-free rates.

7 

If a listing occurs in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Fund will pay
a full quarterly enhanced distribution for the third quarter of 2025. In the fourth quarter, we expect FSSL to target a monthly or quarterly
distribution representing an annualized distribution rate of 9.0% to 9.5% of the Funds NAV.

Beginning in January 2026, we expect FSSL to declare and pay distributions
on a monthly basis, subject to a listing occurring in 2025 and board approval.

Tax characteristics for the Funds distributions are
reported annually on shareholders Form 1099-DIV. In 2023 and 2024, 100% of the Funds distributions were funded
through ordinary income on a tax basis. This was supported by the Funds undistributed taxable income from prior periods as
well as one-time distributions from certain holdings, all which contributed to covering distributions through the Funds net
investment income.

25:40 Resources

Before concluding the presentation, we will highlight shareholder resources
made available on our website.

We will continue to update the investor-friendly
resources available at www.FSProxy.com throughout each phase of the process.

This concludes the presentation. Thank you for your time and we look
forward to keeping you informed with key updates as we move through the process.

26:04 Endnotes

Pursuant to the terms of FSSLs Investment Advisory Agreement,
for any quarter ending after the listing, the incentive fee on income is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 20.0%
of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter subject to a hurdle rate,
expressed as a rate of return on net assets, equal to 1.5% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0%. As a result, the Adviser
will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the
hurdle rate of 1.5%. Once FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will
be entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of the closed-end funds pre-incentive fee net investment income
in excess of the hurdle rate, until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 1.875%, or 7.5% annually,
of net assets. This catch-up feature will allow the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of
the hurdle rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to receive 20.0% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income.

While the incentive fee on income of the Fund and FSSL prior to the
listing will be subject to a hurdle rate equal to a percentage of adjusted capital (as defined in the Funds and the
closed-end funds Investment Advisory Agreement) the incentive fee on income of FSSL after the listing will be subject to a hurdle
rate expressed as a rate of return on net assets, which will have the effect of making it more likely that the funds pre-incentive
fee net investment income will exceed the hurdle rate and therefore more likely that FSSL will pay an incentive fee on income.

Effective on the listing and for so long as FSSL is a registered closed-end
fund, the Adviser has contractually agreed to waive a portion of the FSSLs incentive fee. After giving effect to such fee waiver,
the incentive fee on income will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and equals 10.00% of FSSLs pre-incentive
fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on net
assets, equal to 1.5% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.0% compared to the current hurdle rate of 6.5%. As a result, the
Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds
the hurdle rate of 1.5%. Once FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser
will be entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess
of the hurdle rate, until FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 1.667%, or 6.667% annually, of
net assets. This catch-up feature will allow the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the
hurdle rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to receive 10.00% of FSSLs pre-incentive fee net investment income. Amounts
waived by the Adviser will not be subject to recoupment from FSSL.

8 

26:08 Disclosures

Statements included herein may constitute
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting
future results and conditions. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that any
plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. You are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.

26:46 Disclosures

Please also note that the past performance or market information
is not a guarantee of future results. In connection with the proposed transaction, the Fund intends to file with the SEC a
registration statement, which will include a proxy statement/prospectus relating to our shareholder meeting. The registration
statement will contain important information about the proposed transaction and related matters. We encourage you to read the proxy
statement/prospectus and any other relevant documents filed or to be filed with the SEC carefully when they become available because
they will contain important information about the matters discussed herein.

The Fund, its trustees and certain of its officers may be considered
to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders in connection with the matters described herein. The presentation
contains information about where to obtain additional information about the potential participants.

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fsep-20250422.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fsep-20250422_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>fsep-20250422_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-1img02.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_ex99-2img031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 814-00841

Entity Registrant Name FS Specialty Lending Fund

Entity Central Index Key 0001501729

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-6822130

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 201
Rouse Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Philadelphia

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19112

City Area Code 215

Local Phone Number 495-1150

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fsinvestments.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fsep-20250422.xsd 
fsep-20250422_lab.xml 
fsep-20250422_pre.xml 
tm2513032d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-038647-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>tm2513032d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001501729 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001501729 
8-K 
2025-04-22 
FS Specialty Lending Fund 
DE 
814-00841 
27-6822130 
201 Rouse Boulevard 
Philadelphia 
PA 
19112 
215 
495-1150 
true 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>