<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-006019.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-006019.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123164903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-006019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Toppoint Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001960847
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCKING & COURIER SERVICES (NO AIR) [4210]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42471
		FILM NUMBER:		25550728

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1907 BLACK HAWK CIR
		CITY:			AUDUBON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-869-0888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1907 BLACK HAWK CIR
		CITY:			AUDUBON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19403
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228456-8k_toppoint.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196084700019608472025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
January 21, 2025

Toppoint Holdings Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-42471 92-2375560

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

1250 Kenas Road, North Wales, PA 19454

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code 551-866-1320

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share TOPP NYSE American LLC

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Underwriting Agreement

On January 21, 2025, Toppoint Holdings Inc., a
Nevada corporation (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with
A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as the representative of the underwriters named on Schedule 1 thereto (the Representative),
relating to the Companys initial public offering (the Offering) of 2,500,000 shares (the Shares) of
the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, in
exchange for the underwriters firm commitment to purchase the Shares, the Company agreed to sell the Shares to the underwriters
at a purchase price (the Offering Price) of $3.72 (93% of the public offering price per share of $4.00, after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and before deducting a 1% non-accountable expense allowance). The Company also granted the underwriters
a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 375,000 shares of Common Stock at the Offering Price, less the non-accountable
expense allowance, from the Company, representing 15% of the Shares. The Company also agreed to issue the Representative warrants to purchase
a number of shares of Common Stock which is equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering, including
the over-allotment shares (the Representatives Warrants). The Representatives Warrants will have an exercise
price of $4.80 per share, which is equal to 120% of the public offering price, subject to adjustment, a cashless exercise provision, and
may be exercised for a period of three (3) years following the date of commencement of sales of the Offering, in whole or in part.

The closing of the Offering took place on January
23, 2025. At the closing, the Company sold the Shares for total gross proceeds of $10,000,000. After deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions, the non-accountable expense allowance, and other expenses from the Offering, the Company received net proceeds of approximately
$8.28 million. The Company also issued the Representatives Warrants to the Representative for the purchase of 125,000 shares of
Common Stock.

The offer and sale of the Shares, and the issuance
of the Representatives Warrants, were registered pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281474),
as amended (the Registration Statement), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on August 12, 2024, and declared effective by the SEC on January 21, 2025, and by means of the final prospectus, dated January 21, 2025,
filed with the SEC on January 22, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for geographic expansions, investments in physical and IT infrastructure,
expansion of its sales team and marketing efforts, and general working capital and other corporate purposes.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company
and the underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties, and termination provisions.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and
as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the
contracting parties.

The Companys officers, directors, and all
stockholders who, prior to the Offering, held shares of Common Stock, have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell, transfer
or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of the Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the Common
Stock for a period of one (1) year, from the date of the final prospectus, without the prior written consent of the Representative.

The Underwriting Agreement
and the Representatives Warrants are filed as Exhibit 1.1 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this
Current Report), and the description of the material terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Representatives
Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to such exhibits.

1

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On January
21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. On January 23, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing the closing of the Offering. Copies of the press releases are attached as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report,
respectively.

Item 9.01.Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description
of Exhibit

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated
January 21, 2025, by and between Toppoint Holdings Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (as representative of the underwriters
named therein)

4.1 Representatives Warrants issued to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, dated January 23, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated January 21, 2025 regarding pricing of the Offering

99.2 Press Release dated January
23, 2025 regarding closing of the Offering

104 Cover Page Interactive Data
File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 23, 2025 Toppoint Holdings Inc.

/s/ Hok C Chan

Name: Hok C Chan

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022845601ex1-1_toppoint.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 21, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN TOPPOINT HOLDINGS INC. AND A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS (AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNDERWRITERS NAMED THEREIN)
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

January
21, 2025

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

As Representative
of the Underwriters

named on Schedule 1 hereto

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, Toppoint Holdings Inc., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Nevada (the Company),
hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with the underwriter or underwriters, as the case may be, named in
Schedule 1 hereto (each, an Underwriter and, collectively, the Underwriters), for whom A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners is acting as representative (in such capacity, the Representative), as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Shares.

(a)
Shares.

(i)
Nature and Purchase of Shares.

(A)
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of 2,500,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock). The 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock referred to in this Section 1(a) are hereinafter referred to as the Firm
Shares.

(B)
The Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth on Schedule 1
attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $3.72 (the Purchase Price) per Firm Share (or
93% of the public offering price per Firm Share). The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set
forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2(a)(i)(A) hereof).

(ii)
Firm Share Payment and Delivery.

(A)
Delivery and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made no later than 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the second (2nd) Business Day following
the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2(a)(i)(A) below) (or
the third (3rd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after 4:01 p.m., Eastern
time) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, 2206-19
Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong (Underwriters Counsel), or at such other place (or by electronic
transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Shares
is called the Closing Date.

(B)
Payment for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the
Company upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Shares (or
through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or via a DWAC transfer), for the account of the Representative.
The purchase price to be paid per Firm Share shall be equal to $3.72 (or 93% of the public offering price). The Firm Shares shall be
registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing two full Business
Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except upon tender of payment by
the Representative for all of the Firm Shares or via delivery versus payment for the Firm Shares. The term Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by
law to close in New York, New York.

(iii)
Over-allotment Option.

(A)
Option Shares. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Shares,
the Company hereby grants to the Representative an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 375,000 additional shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares), representing fifteen percent (15%) of the Firm
Shares sold in the offering, from the Company. The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to $3.72 (or 93% of the
public offering price). The Firm Shares and the Option Shares are collectively referred to as the Public Securities.
The Public Securities, Representatives Warrants (as set forth below) and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Representatives Warrants, are collectively referred to as the Securities. The Public Securities shall
be issued directly by the Company and shall have the rights and privileges described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus referred to below. The offering and sale of the Securities is herein referred to as the Offering.

(B)
Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1(a)(iii)(A) hereof may be exercised by the Representative
as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) for any number of the Option Shares within 45 days after the Effective Date.
The Representative shall not be under any obligation to purchase any of the Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment
Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative,
which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or email or facsimile or other electronic transmission setting forth the number
of the Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (the Option Closing
Date), which shall not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall
be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of Underwriters Counsel or at such other place (including
remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery
and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon
exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any portion of the Option Shares subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of the Option Shares specified in such notice
and (ii) the Underwriters shall purchase that portion of the total number of the Option Shares as set forth in Schedule 1 opposite the
name of such Underwriters bear to the total number of Firm Shares.

(C)
Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same
day) funds, payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Underwriters of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory
to the Underwriters) representing the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC or DWAC transfer) for the account of the Underwriters.
The Option Shares shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Underwriters may request in writing
at least two full Business Days prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares
except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Option Shares.

(iv)
Representatives Warrant.

(A)
Warrant Amount; Term. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing
Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, a three-year warrant for the purchase of a number of the shares of Common Stock equal to
5% of the number of the Firm Shares and Option Shares, if any, issued in the Offering, pursuant to a warrant in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the Representatives Warrant), at an initial exercise price of $4.80, which is equal to 120%
of the public offering price per Firm Share. The Representatives Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Representatives Warrant are hereinafter referred to together as the Representatives Securities.
In compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), the Representatives Warrants and the underlying securities will be locked up for 180
days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering and will expire three (3) years from the date of commencement of
sales of Offering, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). The Representatives Warrants shall not
be redeemable. The Company will register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Representatives Warrants under the Act and
will file all necessary undertakings in connection therewith. The Representatives Warrants and the underlying securities shall
not be sold during the Offering, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale,
derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period
of 180 days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering, except that they may be transferred to any member participating
in the Offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction for
the remainder of the time period. The Representative will have the option to exercise the Representatives Warrants at any time,
provided that the underlying securities shall not be transferred during the lock-up period; i.e., the Shares underlying the Representatives
Warrants shall remain subject to the 180-day lock-up period. The Representatives Warrants may be exercised as to all or a lesser
number of the underlying shares of Common Stock, and will contain provisions for one demand registration of the sale of the underlying
Ordinary Share at the Companys expense, an additional demand registration at the Representatives Warrants holders
expense, and unlimited piggyback registration rights at the Companys expense, each with a duration of no more than
three years from the date of commencement of sales of the offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D). The Representatives
Warrants shall further provide for adjustment in the number and price of such warrants (and the Ordinary Share underlying such Warrants)
in the event of recapitalization, merger or other structural transaction to prevent dilution.

2

(B)
Delivery. Delivery of the Representatives Warrant shall be made on the Closing Date, and the Option Closing Date, as applicable,
and shall be issued in the name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may reasonably request.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time
(as defined below) and as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows (unless otherwise indicated, all
references to the Company in this Section 2 shall refer to the Company, its subsidiary through which it conducts its operations in the
United States):

(a)
Filing of Registration Statement.

(i)
Pursuant to the Securities Act.

(A)
The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement,
and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281474), including any
related prospectus or prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities
Act Regulations) and, as of the Effective Date thereof, will contain all material statements that are required to be stated
therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration
statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective (including the Preliminary
Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part
thereof or incorporated therein by reference and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant to paragraph
(b) of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430A Information)), is referred to herein as the Registration
Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then
after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule
462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission as of the Applicable Time (as defined below).

(B)
Each prospectus used prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information
that was used after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary
Prospectus. The Preliminary Prospectus that was included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the Applicable
Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus in the form first furnished to the Underwriters
for use in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus. Any reference to the most recent Preliminary
Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

3

(C)
Applicable Time means 4:30 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

(D)
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of
the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the
Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether
or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because
it contains a description of the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form
filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records
pursuant to Rule 433(g).

(E)
Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general
distribution to prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433) (the
Bona Fide Electronic Road Show).

(F)
Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General
Use Free Writing Prospectus.

(G)
Pricing Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable
Time, and the Pricing Prospectus, all considered together.

(ii)
Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A providing for the registration pursuant to
Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Common Stock. The
registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

(b)
Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock has been approved for listing on The NYSE American (the Exchange),
subject to official notice of issuance, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the
Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing.

(c)
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

(d)
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

(i)
Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(A)
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus
filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus,
at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the
Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

4

(B)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or
at any Option Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or
will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree
that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the disclosure contained in the included in the
Underwriting section of the Prospectus (the Underwriters Information); and

(C)
The Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does
not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus
does not conflict in any material respect with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the
Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together
with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

(D)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time
of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or will
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation
and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

(ii)
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been
so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by
which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, and (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is
in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any other party is in material default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with
the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a material default thereunder, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material
provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or
business (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and
regulations, that would reasonably be expected to constitute a Material Adverse Change.

5

(iii)
Prior Securities Transactions. Since inception, no securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf
of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

(iv)
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects
of federal, state, local and all foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to the Companys business as currently contemplated
are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

(e)
Changes after Dates in Registration Statement.

(i)
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change
in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor to the Companys knowledge, any change or development that,
singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results
of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no
material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director
of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

(ii)
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities (other than
(i) grants under any stock compensation plan and (ii) shares of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of option, warrants or
convertible securities described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus) or incurred any liability
or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in
respect to its capital stock.

(f)
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, TAAD, LLP (the Auditor), whose report is filed
with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered
public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board. Except as may otherwise be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Auditor
has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(g)
Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the
results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout
the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected
to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical
or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related
notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled
and prepared in all material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations
and present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable
and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures
contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures
(as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item
10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations),
and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect
on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, (a) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered
into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends
or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the
Company (other than (i) grants under any stock compensation plan and (ii) shares of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of
option, warrants or convertible securities described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus),
and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

6

(h)
Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the
adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time, on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date,
there are no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common
Stock of the Company or any security convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments
to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

(i)
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

(i)
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no contractual
rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of such securities were issued in violation of
the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized
shares of Common Stock and other securities of the Company to be outstanding upon consummation of the Offering conform in all material
respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act
and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers
of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

(ii)
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and
paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders; the Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security
of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of the Securities has been duly and validly taken; the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives
Warrants (the Underlying Common Stock) have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued in accordance with such Representatives Warrants or exercised on
a cashless basis as set forth in such Representatives Warrants, as the case may be, such shares of Underlying Common Stock will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto
contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(j)
Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities
of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include
any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company (except for any such rights that have been waived).

7

(k)
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Representatives Warrant have been duly and validly authorized
by the Company, and, when executed and delivered and assuming due execution and delivery by the other parties thereto, will constitute,
the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i)
as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally;
(ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and
(iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

(l)
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Representatives Warrant
and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by
the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both:
(i) result in a breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in
the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant
to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Companys
Articles of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter) or the by-laws
of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Bylaws); or (iii) violate any existing
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over the Company as of the
date hereof, except in the cases of clauses (i) and (iii) for such breaches, conflicts or violations which would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Change.

(m)
Regulatory. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or as would not
reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change: (i) the Company has not received notice
from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws (as defined in clause (ii) below) or Authorizations
(as defined in clause (iii) below); (ii) the Company is and has been in material compliance with federal, state or foreign statutes,
laws, ordinances, rules and regulations applicable to the Company (collectively, Applicable Laws); (iii) the Company
possesses all material licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, consents, authorizations, qualifications, registrations, permits,
and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws and/or to carry on its businesses as now conducted (Authorizations)
and to the Companys knowledge, such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and the Company is not in violation
of any term of any such Authorizations; (iv) the Company has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product, operation or activity
is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations or has any knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering
any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has there
been any material noncompliance with or violation of any Applicable Laws by the Company that could reasonably be expected to require
the issuance of any such communication or result in an investigation, corrective action, or enforcement action by any Governmental Entity;
and (v) the Company has not received notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend,
modify or revoke any Authorizations or has any knowledge that any such Governmental Entity has threatened or is considering such action.
Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents has been convicted of
any crime under any Applicable Laws.

(n)
No Defaults; Violations. To the Companys knowledge, no material default exists in the due performance and observance of
any term, covenant or condition of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement,
or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which
the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The
Company is not, to its knowledge, (i) in violation of any term or provision of its Charter or Bylaws, or (ii) in violation of any franchise,
license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company, except for
such defaults or violations the consequences of which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

8

(o)
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

(i)
Conduct of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business
purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where such failure would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(ii)
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry
out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have
been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for
the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by
this Agreement, and the Representatives Warrant and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

(p)
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors, officers and 5% shareholders immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders)
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Representative, is true and correct in all
material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires
to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

(q)
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no material action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation
or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus which is required to be disclosed, in each case which individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change.

(r)
Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the
laws of the State of Nevada as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify,
singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(s)
Insurance. The Company will carry insurance in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are reasonably
adequate and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries. The Company has no reason to believe
that it will not be able to obtain comparable coverage from insurers as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now
conducted and at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(t)
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

(i)
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there
are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or
understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

(ii)
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) Months period immediately preceding the Effective Date.

9

(iii)
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

(iv)
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner
of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner of the Companys
unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the original filing of the Registration
Statement that, in each case, is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in
accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

(v)
Information. All information provided by the Company in its FINRA Questionnaire to Underwriters Counsel specifically for
use by Underwriters Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true,
correct and complete in all material respects.

(u)
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give
any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer,
supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government
(domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in
a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i)
might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given
in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business,
operations or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures
are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(v)
Compliance with OFAC. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly,
use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture
partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions
administered by OFAC.

(w)
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering
statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and no action,
suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(x)
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative
or to Underwriters Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Representative as to the matters
covered thereby.

(y)
Lock-Up Agreements. Schedule 2 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and certain
shareholders (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver
to the Underwriter an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B(the Lock-Up Agreement),
prior to the execution of this Agreement.

10

(z)
Subsidiaries. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
has no direct or indirect subsidiaries or variable interest entities and does not hold any equity interests in any other entity.

(aa)
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other
person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described
as required.

(bb)
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Pricing
Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the
overall composition of the board comply with the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act (the Exchange
Act Regulations), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act)
applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing
rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent,
as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

(cc)
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

(i)
Disclosure Controls. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act Regulations applicable to it, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning
the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act
filings and other public disclosure documents.

(ii)
Compliance. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable
to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future compliance
(not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(dd)
Accounting Controls. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
Company maintains systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by,
or under the supervision of, its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any
material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses, if any, in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Company ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, if
any, known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

(ee)
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register
as an investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

11

(ff)
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent.

(gg)
Intellectual Property Rights. To the Companys knowledge, the Company has, or can acquire on reasonable terms, ownership
of and/or license to, or otherwise has the right to use, all inventions, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), patents and patent rights trademarks, service marks and
trade names, copyrights, (collectively Intellectual Property) material to carrying on its businesses as described
in the Pricing Prospectus. The Company has not received any correspondence relating to any Intellectual Property, including notice of:
(A) infringement or misappropriation of, or conflict with, any Intellectual Property of a third party; (B) asserted rights of others
with respect to any Intellectual Property of the Company; or (C) assertions that any Intellectual Property of the Company is invalid
or otherwise inadequate to protect the interest of the Company, that in each case (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling
or finding), individually or in the aggregate, would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. There are
no third parties who have been able to establish any material rights to any Intellectual Property, except for the retained rights of
the owners or licensors of any Intellectual Property that is licensed to the Company. There is no pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual
Property of the Company or (B) challenging the Companys rights in or to any Intellectual Property or (C) that the Company materially
infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates or conflicts with any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of others.

(hh)
Taxes. The Company has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date
hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were
filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company, except for such exceptions as would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial
statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed,
and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters,
(i) no issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted
as due from the Company, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given
by or requested from the Company. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments
or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto.
The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents required to be filed in
respect to taxes.

(ii)
Employee Benefit Laws. To its knowledge, the Company is not in violation of or has not received notice of any violation with respect
to any federal or state law relating to discrimination in the hiring, promotion or pay of employees, nor any applicable federal or state
wages and hours law, nor any state law precluding the denial of credit due to the neighborhood in which a property is situated, the violation
of any of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

(jj)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(kk)
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and
accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(ll)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

12

(mm)
Export and Import Laws. The Company, and, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent or employee of, or other
person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company, has acted at all times in compliance with applicable Export and Import Laws
(as defined below) in all material respects and there are no claims, complaints, charges, investigations or proceedings pending or expected
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or its Subsidiary and any governmental authority under any Export
or Import Laws. The term Export and Import Laws means the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, the Export Administration Regulations, and all other laws and regulations
of the United States government regulating the provision of services to non-U.S. parties or the export and import of articles or information
from and to the United States of America, and all similar laws and regulations of any foreign government regulating the provision of
services to parties not of the foreign country or the export and import of articles and information from and to the foreign country to
parties not of the foreign country.

(nn)
Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

(oo)
Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity with the
Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(pp)
Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

(qq)
Compliance. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company made a bona fide offer (within
the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act) and (ii) at the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of
the Company in the preceding three years has: (w) been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor or has been made the subject of a judicial
or administrative decree or order as described in Rule 405, (x) been the subject of a bankruptcy petition or insolvency or similar proceeding,
(y) had a registration statement be the subject of a proceeding under Section 8 of the Securities Act, or (z) been, and is not currently,
the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities, all as described
in Rule 405.

(rr)
Controlled Entities. The principal subsidiaries and consolidated entities listed on Exhibit 21 of the Registration Statement shall
be referred to hereinafter each as a Controlled Entity and collectively as Controlled Entities.
Each Controlled Entity has been duly organized and is validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization (to the
extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction), with power and authority (corporate and other) to own its properties and conduct its
business as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and, to the extent applicable,
each Controlled Entity is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or
lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing would not be reasonably likely to result in any change or effect in the business, operations, results of operations,
assets, capitalization, financial condition, rights or liabilities of the Company which is materially adverse to the business, operations
or financial condition of the Company (a Material Adverse Effect); the constitutive documents of each Controlled Entity
comply with the requirements of applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and are in full force and effect. Except as may
not be required by applicable law, all of the issued and outstanding share capital of each Controlled Entity has been duly authorized
and validly issued and is fully paid (to the extent such concept exists or is applicable in such jurisdiction), and such share capital
is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus,
free from liens, encumbrances and claims, except to the extent that such liens, encumbrances or claims would not have a Material Adverse
Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure and the Prospectus, (i) no Controlled Entities is currently
prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company (or the Companys subsidiary that holds the outstanding
equity interest of such Controlled Entity); and (ii) no Controlled Entity is prohibited, directly or indirectly, from making any other
distribution on such Controlled Entitys equity capital, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Controlled
Entity from the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, none of the Controlled Entities
or any of their properties, assets or revenues are entitled to any right of immunity on the grounds of sovereignty from any legal action,
suit or proceeding, from set-off or counterclaim, from the jurisdiction of any court, from services of process, from attachment prior
to or in aid of execution of judgment, or from any other legal process or proceeding for the giving of any relief or for the enforcement
of any judgment.

13

(ss)
Recording. It is not necessary that this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus
or any other document be filed or recorded with any governmental agency, court or other authority in the United States.

(tt)
No Underwriter Stamp or Transfer Tax. No transaction, stamp, capital or other issuance, registration, transaction, transfer or
withholding taxes or duties are payable in the United States by or on behalf of the Underwriters to any taxing authority in connection
with (i) the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities by the Company, and the delivery of the Securities to or for the account of
the Underwriters, (ii) the purchase from the Company and the initial sale and delivery by the Underwriters of the Securities to purchasers
thereof, or (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(uu)
[Intentionally Omitted].

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

(a)
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Underwriters, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement
to which the Underwriters shall reasonably object in writing; provided however, that this Section 3(a) shall not be applicable with respect
to any supplements to the Registration Statement filed solely for the purpose of supplementing the Registration Statement or Prospectus
with a report filed with the Commission by the Company pursuant to the Exchange Act.

(b)
Federal Securities Laws.

(i)
Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3 (b)(ii), shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations,
and will notify the Underwriters promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of the receipt of any comments
from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of
the initiation or, to the Companys knowledge, threatening, of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant
to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding
under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities. The Company shall effect all filings
required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without
reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted
for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such
prospectus. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension
and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

14

(ii)
Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the
Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement
and in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the
Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172),
would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or
condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i)
amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or
supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration
Statement or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements
of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Underwriters notice of such event; (B)
prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed
filing or use, furnish the Underwriters with copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment
or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Underwriters or Underwriters
Counsel shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as
the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Underwriters notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange Act
or the Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Underwriters notice of its intention
to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment
Option specified in Section 1(a)(iii) hereof and will furnish the Underwriters with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Underwriters or Underwriters
Counsel shall reasonably object.

(iii)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(c)
Delivery to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make
available to the Underwriters and the Underwriters Counsel, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally
filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts,
and will also deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each
amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto
furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to
EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d)
Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to
each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company
hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter,
without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule
172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented)
as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriter will
be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted
by Regulation S-T.

(e)
Listing. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Exchange
for three (3) years after the date of this Agreement.

(f)
Reports to the Underwriters; Transfer Agent.

(i)
Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, at the Underwriters request, the
Company shall furnish or make available to the Underwriters copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports
as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish or make available
to the Underwriters: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange
Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company
or its affairs which was released by the Company and filed or furnished on a Current Report on Form 8-K; (iii) a copy of each Current
Report on Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; and (iv) five copies of each registration statement filed by the Company under
the Securities Act. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system or otherwise filed with the Commission or made publicly
available shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Underwriter pursuant to this Section 3(f)(i).

15

(ii)
Transfer Agent. The Company shall maintain a transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock.

(g)
Payment of Expenses.

(i)
General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing
Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company
under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the
Public Securities to be sold in the Offering with the Commission; (b) all actual Public Offering Filing System filing fees associated
with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Common Stock on the Exchange; (d)
all fees, expenses and disbursements, if any, relating to the registration or qualification of the Public Securities under the blue
sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without
limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of blue sky counsel); (e) all actual
fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the Public Securities under the securities
laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate; (f) the costs of all mailing and printing of the Registration
Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative
may reasonably deem necessary; (g) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Public Securities as
the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (h) fees and expenses of the transfer agent for the Common Stock; (i) stock transfer
and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Representative; (j) the fees and expenses
of the Companys Auditor; (k) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents; and (l) the due diligence
fees and expenses of the Representative (including, without limitation, domestic and foreign legal counsel, background checks, travel
expenses and other diligence expenses) not to exceed a total of $150,000 (less amounts previously advanced, provided that any portion
of the advance not utilized shall be returned). The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company
on the Closing Date, or any Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein (as limited by this Section 3(g)(i)) to be paid
by the Company to the Representative, provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse
the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8(c) hereof. The Representative acknowledges receipt of $130,000 (Advance) prior to
the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Advance received by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent
that the expenses were not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110 (g)(4)(A).

(ii)
Non-accountable Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 3(g)(i), on
the Closing Date it shall pay to the Representative, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non-accountable
expense allowance equal to one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Firm Shares.

(h)
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent
with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

(i)
Rule 158. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make generally available
to its security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters the benefits
contemplated by, Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act.

16

(j)
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

(k)
Internal Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

(l)
Accountants. The Company shall retain an independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Underwriters,
and the Company shall continue to retain an independent registered public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after
the date of this Agreement. The Underwriters acknowledge that the Auditor is acceptable to the Underwriters.

(m)
FINRA. For a period of 90 days from the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative
(who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any
beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered
equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the original filing of the Registration Statement is
or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules
and regulations of FINRA).

(n)
No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely
contractual in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary
capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(o)
Company Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of six (6) months after the closing of the offering (the Lock-Up Period),
(i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any
option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock
of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file
or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company (other than pursuant to
a registration statement on Form S-8 for employee benefit plans); or (iii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to
another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities,
in cash or otherwise. The restrictions contained in this section shall not apply to (i) the Public Securities to be sold hereunder; (ii)
the issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of an outstanding stock option or warrant or the conversion of
a security outstanding on the date hereof and disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Pricing Disclosure Package, (iii) the grant
by the Company of stock options or other stock-based awards, or the issuance of shares of capital stock of the Company under any equity
compensation plan of the Company disclosed in the Pricing Prospectus, or (iv) the issuance of securities in connection with mergers,
acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing arrangements or any other similar non-capital raising transactions.

(p)
Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Representative, if
necessary, to qualify the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions
(domestic or foreign) as the Representative may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete
the distribution of the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to
service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified
or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

17

(q)
Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the
exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed
with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally,
the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities
Act Regulations.

(r)
Right of First Negotiation. The Company hereby grants the Representative the right of first refusal for a period of twelve (12)
months after the closing of this Offering to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at Representatives
sole discretion, on any future public or private equity or debt offering, including all equity linked financings (excluding (i) shares
issued under any compensation or stock option plan approved by the Companys shareholders, (ii) shares issued as consideration
of an acquisition or as part of a strategic partnership or transaction and (iii) conventional banking arrangements and commercial debt
financing) (each a Subject Transaction), undertaken by the Company or any successor to or current or future subsidiary
of the Company. The Company shall notify the Representative in writing of its intention to pursue a Subject Transaction. In such event,
the Representative shall notify the Company of its election to pursue a Subject Transaction within ten (10) days of written notice by
the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Subject Transaction shall not include any financing transaction where the Company
deals directly with the lender or investor without using any intermediary. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Company shall promptly notify
the Representative in writing prior to the execution of any material definitive agreement relating to the financing with such lender
or investor.

(s)
Tail Financing. In the event that at any time prior to the first (1st) anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company, or any of
its affiliates or Subsidiary shall enter into any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger, consolidation, acquisition,
financing, joint venture or other arrangement) with any party introduced directly to the Company by the Representative (each a Tail
Financing), during such period, the Representative will be paid a transaction fee, payable at the closing thereof, equal to
seven percent (7.0%) of the consideration or value received by the Company and/or its shareholders. The Company hereby agrees to issue
and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the closing date of the Tail Financing, a three-year warrant for the purchase
of a number of the shares of Common Stock equal to 5% of the number of the shares, issued in the Tail Financing, at an exercise price
equal to 120% of the offering price per share (the Tail Financing Warrant). In the event that this Offering is terminated
for cause, in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B), the Company shall not be obligated to pay the Tail Financing fee and Tail Financing
Warrant provided herein.

4.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Securities, as
provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date
hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the
Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following
conditions:

(a)
Regulatory Matters.

(i)
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than
5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Underwriters,
and, at each of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto shall have been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted
or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any)
from the Commission for additional information. The Prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission
in the manner and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing
such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

18

(ii)
FINRA Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the
amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

(iii)
Exchange Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Firm Shares shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to
official notice of issuance. On each Option Closing Date (if any), the Option Shares shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange,
subject only to official notice of issuance.

(b)
Company Counsel Matters.

(i)
Closing Date Opinion of U.S. Counsel. On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date (if any), the Underwriters shall have
received (i) the favorable opinion of Bevilacqua PLLC, the U.S. counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date or Option Closing Date,
as applicable, and addressed to the Underwriters, and (ii) a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances,
addressed to the Underwriters and dated the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), each
in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriter and Underwriters Counsel.

(ii)
Closing Date Opinion of Nevada Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date (if any), the Underwriters
shall have received the opinion of Fennemore Craig, P.C., Nevada counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date or Option Closing Date,
as applicable, addressed to the Underwriters, substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters.

(c)
Comfort Letters.

(i)
Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, the Underwriters shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor
containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial
statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Underwriters and to the Auditor, dated as
of the date of this Agreement.

(ii)
Bring-down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date (if any), the Underwriters shall have received
from the Auditor, a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that such Auditor reaffirms
the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4(c)(i), except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not
more than three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable.

(iii)
CFO Certificate. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Underwriters,
a certificate on behalf of the Company, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, of its Chief
Financial Officer with respect to certain financial data contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, providing management
comfort with respect to such information, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters.

(d)
Officers Certificates.

(i)
Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Underwriters a certificate, dated the Closing Date or Option
Closing Date, as applicable, of its President and Chief Executive Officer, and its Chief Financial Officer stating on behalf of the Company
and not in an individual capacity that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as
supplemented or amended by information in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or a Prospectus, as of the Applicable Time and as of the
Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure
Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
as of its date and as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto,
as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, did not include any untrue statement
of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which should
have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii)
to their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, the representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties
qualified as to materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects and except for those representations and warranties which
refer to facts existing at a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date) and the Company has complied with all agreements
and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date and any Option Closing
Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial
statements included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change in the financial position or results of operations
of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a Material Adverse Change, in or affecting
the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the
Prospectus.

19

(ii)
Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received a
certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date and Option Closing Date (if such date is other
than the Closing Date), certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full
force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and
effect and have not been modified; (iii) the good standing of the Company; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company.
The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

(e)
No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material
Adverse Change or development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or the business activities, financial
or otherwise, of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been
pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative
agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except
as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued
under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements
which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in
all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

(f)
Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Underwriters executed copies
of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons/entities listed in Schedule 2 hereto.

(g)
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, Underwriters Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions
as they may require for the purpose of enabling Underwriters Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters, or in order to
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and
all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities as herein contemplated shall be
satisfactory in form and substance to the Underwriters and Underwriters Counsel.

5.
Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and each
person controlling such Underwriters (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and
employees of each Underwriter, its affiliates and each such controlling person (each Underwriter, and each such entity or person hereafter
is referred to as an Underwriter Indemnified Person) from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments,
costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Person
for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriter Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are incurred in connection with such
Indemnified Persons enforcement of his or its rights under this Agreement, and agrees to advance payment of such Expenses as they
are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any
Indemnified Person is a party thereto, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or in any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors
by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor
presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written
communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written
information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities laws thereof
or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the
omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance
upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information.

20

(b)
Procedure. Upon receipt by an indemnified person under this section 5 (an Indemnified Person) of actual notice
of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may reasonably be expected to be sought under this Agreement,
such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the indemnifying person (the Indemnifying Person) in writing; provided that
failure by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve the Indemnifying Person from any obligation
or liability which the Indemnifying Person may have on account of this Section 5 or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the
extent the Indemnifying Person is materially prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. An Indemnified Person shall have the right
to require that the Indemnifying Person assume the defense of any such action (including the employment of counsel designated by the
Indemnifying Person and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person). Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Indemnifying Person has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Person for the benefit of the Indemnified Person or (ii) such Indemnified Person shall have been advised
that in the opinion of counsel that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest that prevents (or makes it imprudent for) the
counsel engaged by the Indemnifying Person for the purpose of representing the Indemnified Person, to represent both such Indemnified
Person and any other person represented or proposed to be represented by such counsel. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for
the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel), representing all Indemnified Persons who are parties
to such action), which counsel (together with any local counsel) for the Indemnified Persons shall be selected by the Indemnified Person,
subject to the Indemnifying Persons approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). The Indemnifying Person shall not be
liable for any settlement of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition,
the Indemnifying Person shall not, without the prior written consent of each Indemnified Person, settle, compromise or consent to the
entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement,
indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement,
compromise, consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of that Indemnified Person, from all Liabilities arising out
of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission
of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnification
and contribution obligations of the Indemnifying Person required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of the investigation or defense, as every Liability and Expense is incurred and is due and payable, and in such amounts as
fully satisfy each and every Liability and Expense as it is incurred (and in no event later than 30 days following the date of any invoice
therefore).

(c)
Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all Liabilities, but only with respect to untrue statements or
omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with,
the Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based
on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the
rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to
the Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5(a). The Company agrees promptly to notify the Underwriters of the commencement of any
litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public
Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus; provided that failure by the Company so to notify the Underwriters shall not relieve any Underwriters from any obligation
or liability which such Underwriters may have on account of this Section 5 or otherwise to the Company, except to the extent such Underwriters
is materially prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure.

21

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to
hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5(a) or 5(c) in respect of any Liabilities and Expenses referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified
party as a result of such Liabilities and Expenses, (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received
by the Company, on the one hand, and each of the Underwriter, on the other hand, from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided
by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand,
in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriter, on the other hand, with respect to such Offering
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total proceeds from the Offering purchased under this Agreement (before deducting
expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discount and commissions actually received by the Underwriters in connection
with the Offering, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied
by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto
agree that the written information furnished to the Company through the Underwriters by or on behalf of any Underwriter for use in any
Preliminary Prospectus, any Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the
Underwriters Information. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant
to this subsection (d) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose)
or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to above in this subsection
(d). Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e)
Limitation. The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract
or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person
pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection
with any such advice, services or transactions, except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction has made a finding that Liabilities
(and related Expenses) of the Company have resulted primarily from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct
in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

(f)
Survival & Third-Party Beneficiaries. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations set forth in
this Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons
services under or in connection with, this Agreement. Each Indemnified Person is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section
5, and has the right to enforce the provisions of Section 5 as if he/she/it was a party to this Agreement.

22

6.
Default by an Underwriter.

(a)
Default Not Exceeding 10% of Securities. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase
the Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the over-allotment is exercised, and if the number of the Firm Shares or Option Shares with
respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Shares or Option Shares that all Underwriters
have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates shall be purchased by each non-defaulting
Underwriter, acting severally and not jointly, in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

(b)
Default Exceeding 10% of Securities. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6(a) relates to more than 10% of the Firm
Shares or Option Shares, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties to purchase such
Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day after such
default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm
Shares or Option Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another
party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Shares on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative
nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Shares to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement
will be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections
3(g) and 5 hereof) or the Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with
respect to the Option Shares, this Agreement will not terminate as to the Firm Shares; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall
relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its
default hereunder.

(c)
Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm or Option Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased by
the non-defaulting Underwriter, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall
have the right to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business
Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of Underwriters Counsel for the Underwriters may
thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under
this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such Securities.

7.
Additional Covenants.

(a)
Prohibition on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity,
without the Representatives prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period ending at 5:00
p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date,
other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business.

(b)
Intentionally deleted.

8.
Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

(a)
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and
delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

23

(b)
Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if
any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in Representatives opinion will in the immediate
future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the
NASDAQ Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed,
or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by any United States national securities exchange or national securities
association, FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States
shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New
York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts
the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane,
earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in Representatives
opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Shares; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of
its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof
of such a Material Adverse Change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in
the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Securities
or to enforce contracts made by the Representative for the sale of the Public Securities. Section 5 of this Agreement shall survive any
termination of this Agreement.

(c)
Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters pursuant
to Section (6)(b) above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified
herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company will, subject to demand by the Representative, reimburse the
Representative for only those documented out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of their counsel), actually
incurred by the Representative in connection herewith as allowed under FINRA Rule 5110 less any amounts previously paid by the Company);
provided, however, that all such expenses, including the costs and expenses set forth in Section 3(h) which were actually paid,
shall not to exceed $150,000 in the aggregate.

(d)
Survival of Indemnification, Advancement, Hold Harmless & Contribution Provisions. Notwithstanding any contrary provision
contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise
carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election
or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

(e)
Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter,
its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via e-mail attachment at the email address set forth below at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day,
(b) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail attachment at the e-mail
address as set forth below on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c)
the second (2nd) Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon
actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

24

If
to the Representative:

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Thomas Higgins, Managing Director

Email: thiggins@allianceg.com

with
copies to (which shall not constitute notice):

Loeb
& Loeb LLP

2206-19
Jardine House

1
Connaught Place, Central

Hong
Kong

Attention:
Lawrence Venick, Esq.

Email:
lvenick@loeb.com

If
to the Company:

Toppoint
Holdings Inc.

1250
Kenas Road.,

North
Wales, PA 19454

Attention:
Hok C Chan, CEO

Email:
leo@toppointtrucking.com

with
copies to (which shall not constitute notice):

Bevilacqua
PLLC

1050
Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 500

Washington,
DC 20036

Attn:
Louis A. Bevilacqua, Esq.

Email:
lou@bevilacquapllc.com

(b)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

(c)
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

(d)
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
Agreement shall replace and supersede the engagement letter agreement dated January 10, 2024, by and between the Company and the Representative,
as amended, including, without limitation, any terms which survive termination thereof pursuant to Section 16 thereof.

(e)
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters,
each Indemnified Person referred to in Section 5, the Company and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section
5 hereof, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors
and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

25

(f)
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that
any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9(a) hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Underwriter hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(g)
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid
and sufficient delivery thereof.

(h)
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature
Page Follows]

26

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below.

Very
truly yours,

Toppoint
Holdings Inc.

By: /s/ Hok
C Chan 

Name: Hok C Chan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf of itself and as Underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto:

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

By: /s/ Thomas J. Higgins 

Name: Thomas J. Higgins 

Title: Managing Director 

SCHEDULE
1

Underwriter Total
Number of

Shares to be 

Purchased Closing
Purchase Price (prior to underwriting discount) 

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners 2,500,000 $ 4.00 

Total 2,500,000 $ 4.00 

SCHEDULE
2

List
of Lock-Up Parties

Hok
C Chan

John
Feliciano III

Dingding
He

Pablo
A Santana

Tan
Ying Lo

Heung
Ling Chan

Guido
Ji-Zhong Chen

King
Chi Roy Ho

Lok
Ki Kenneth Lam

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Representatives Warrants

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned understands that A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Representative) proposes to enter into an Underwriting
Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Toppoint Holdings Inc., a corporation incorporated under the law of
the State of Nevada (the Company), providing for the initial public offering in the United States (the Initial
Public Offering) of a certain number of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares).
For purposes of this letter agreement, Securities shall mean the Companys Shares.

In
order to induce the Underwriters (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) to continue their efforts in connection with the Offering,
and in light of the benefits that the Offering will confer upon the undersigned in its capacity as a shareholder and/or an officer, director
or employee of the Company, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
undersigned agrees with the Representative that, during the period beginning on and including the date of this Agreement through and
including the date that is one (1) year from the date of the final prospectus of the Initial Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period),
the undersigned will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, directly or indirectly, (i) offer, sell, assign, transfer,
pledge, contract to sell, or otherwise dispose of, or announce the intention to otherwise dispose of, any Securities owned or hereafter
acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (including, without
limitation, Securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as the same may be amended or supplemented on or after the date hereof from time to
time (the Securities Act)) (such shares, the Beneficially Owned Shares) or securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for Securities, (ii) enter into any swap, hedge or similar agreement or arrangement that transfers
in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of the Beneficially Owned Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Securities, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has
or hereafter acquires the power of disposition, or (iii) engage in any short selling of the Shares.

The
restrictions set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph shall not apply to:

(1)
if the undersigned is a natural person, any transfers made by the undersigned (a) as a bona fide gift to any member of the immediate
family (as defined below) of the undersigned or to a trust the beneficiaries of which are exclusively the undersigned or members of the
undersigneds immediate family, (b) by will or intestate succession upon the death of the undersigned, (c) as a bona fide gift
to a charity or educational institution, (d) any transfer pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order or in connection with a divorce;
or (e) if the undersigned is or was an officer, director or employee of the Company, to the Company pursuant to the Companys right
of repurchase upon termination of the undersigneds service with the Company;

(2)
if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfers to any shareholder,
partner or member of, or owner of a similar equity interest in, the undersigned, as the case may be, if, in any such case, such transfer
is not for value;

(3)
if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfer made by the undersigned
(a) in connection with the sale or other bona fide transfer in a single transaction of all or substantially all of the undersigneds
share capital, partnership interests, membership interests or other similar equity interests, as the case may be, or all or substantially
all of the undersigneds assets, in any such case not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this Agreement
or (b) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity so long as the transferee is an affiliate
(as defined below) of the undersigned and such transfer is not for value;

(4)
(a) exercises of stock options or equity awards granted pursuant to an equity incentive or other plan or warrants to purchase Shares
or other securities (including by cashless exercise to the extent permitted by the instruments representing such stock options or warrants
so long as such cashless exercise is effected solely by the surrender of outstanding stock options or warrants to the Company and the
Companys cancellation of all or a portion thereof to pay the exercise price), provided that in any such case the securities issued
upon exercise shall remain subject to the provisions of this Agreement (as defined below); (b) transfers of Shares or other securities
to the Company in connection with the vesting or exercise of any equity awards granted pursuant to an equity incentive or other plan
and held by the undersigned to the extent, but only to the extent, as may be necessary to satisfy tax withholding obligations pursuant
to the Companys equity incentive or other plans;

(5)
the exercise by the undersigned of any warrant(s) issued by the Company prior to the date of this Agreement, including any exercise effected
by the delivery of shares of Securities of the Company held by the undersigned; provided, that, the Shares received upon such exercise
shall remain subject to the restrictions provided for in this Agreement;

(6)
the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition by an individual or legal entity or group (as described
in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of share capital of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of 50% of the voting
securities of the Company, (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other entity, or any entity merges into or consolidates
with the Company, (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another person, or (d) provided, that,
the Securities received upon any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (c) above shall remain subject to the restrictions provided
for in this Agreement;

(7)
the Offering;

(8)
transfers consented to, in writing by the Representative;

(9)
transactions relating to Shares acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Offering; provided that, no filing by
any party under the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with such
transactions;

provided
however, that in the case of any transfer described in clauses (1), (2) or (3) above, it shall be a condition to the transfer that the
transferee executes and delivers to the Representative, acting on behalf of the Underwriters, not later than one business day prior to
such transfer, a written agreement, in substantially the form of this Agreement (it being understood that any references to immediate
family in the agreement executed by such transferee shall expressly refer only to the immediate family of the undersigned and
not to the immediate family of the transferee) and otherwise satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative.

In
addition, the restrictions set forth herein shall not prevent the undersigned from entering into a sales plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1
under the Exchange Act after the date hereof, provided that (i) a copy of such plan is provided to the Representative promptly upon entering
into the same and (ii) no sales or transfers may be made under such plan until the Lock-Up Period ends or this Agreement is terminated
in accordance with its terms. For purposes of this paragraph, immediate family shall mean a spouse, child, grandchild or
other lineal descendant (including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the undersigned; and affiliate shall
have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

If
the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the Representative agrees that at least three business days before the
effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a Transfer of Securities, the Representative
will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver and (ii) the Company has agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce
the impending release or waiver by press release substantially in the form of Annex II thereto through a major news service at least
two business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder to
any such officer or director shall only be effective two business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions
of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not for consideration and (b) the
transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Lock-Up Agreement to the extent and for the duration
that such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer.

In
furtherance of the foregoing, (1) the undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with any duly appointed
transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described herein against the transfer of any such securities except
in compliance with the foregoing restrictions, and (2) the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer
of the securities described herein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute
a violation or breach of this Agreement.

The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this
Agreement has been duly authorized (if the undersigned is not a natural person), executed and delivered by the undersigned and is a valid
and binding agreement of the undersigned. This Agreement and all authority herein conferred are irrevocable and shall survive the death
or incapacity of the undersigned (if a natural person) and shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors and
assigns of the undersigned for the term of the Lock-Up Period.

This
Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur, if any, of (1) either the Representative, on the one hand, or the
Company, on the other hand, advising the other that they have determined not to proceed with the Offering, (2) termination of the Underwriting
Agreement before the sale of Securities, or (3) the withdrawal of the Registration Statement.

This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict
of laws principles thereof.

[
Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities
- Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities
- Please Print)

Address: 

# of Shares by

Signatory: 

Annex
I

FORM
OF PRESS RELEASE

TOPPOINT
HOLDINGS INC.

__________,
202_

Toppoint
Holdings Inc. (the Company) announced today that A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, the representative of the underwriters
in the Companys recent public sale of _____ shares of its common stock, are [waiving][releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect
to ____ shares of its common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver][release]
will take effect on ____, 202_ and the shares of its common stock may be sold on or after such date.

This
press release is not an offer for sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer is prohibited,
and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the United
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022845601ex4-1_toppoint.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REPRESENTATIVE'S WARRANTS ISSUED TO A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS, DATED JANUARY 23, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Representatives Warrant

THE REGISTERED
HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES BY HIS, HER OR ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, THAT SUCH HOLDER WILL NOT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY
(180) DAYS BEGINNING ON THE date of the commencemEnt of sales of the offering pursuant the registration statement No: 333-281474 AS FILED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION: (A) SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT TO ANYONE OTHER THAN
OFFICERS OR PARTNERS OF A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, EACH OF WHOM SHALL HAVE AGREED TO THE RESTRICTIONS CONTAINED HEREIN, IN ACCORDANCE
WITH FINRA CONDUCT RULE 5110(E)(1), OR (B) CAUSE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT OR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE HEREUNDER TO BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING,
SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT OR THE
SECURITIES HEREUNDER, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN FINRA RULE 5110(e)(2).

COMMON STOCKS PURCHASE WARRANT

For the Purchase of 125,000 Shares of Common Stock

of

TOPPOINT
HOLDINGS INC.

1. Purchase
Warrant. THIS COMMON STOCKS PURCHASE WARRANT (this Purchase Warrant) certifies that, pursuant to that certain
Underwriting Agreement by and between Toppoint Holdings Inc., a corporation
incorporated under the law of the State of Nevada (the Company) and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (A.G.P),
dated January 21, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), A.G.P (in such capacity with its permitted successors or assigns,
the Holder), as registered owner of this Purchase Warrant, is entitled, at any time or from time to time from January
23, 2025 (the Exercise Date), and at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, January 23, 2028 (the Expiration
Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to 125,000 shares of common stock
of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares),
subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5 hereof. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions are authorized
by law or executive order to close, then this Purchase Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in
accordance with the terms herein. During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees
not to take any action that would terminate this Purchase Warrant. This Purchase Warrant is initially exercisable at $4.80 per Share (120%
of the price of the Shares sold in the offering); provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section
5 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Warrant, including the exercise price per Share and the number of Shares to be received
upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The term Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise
price or the adjusted exercise price, depending on the context. Any term not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
the Underwriting Agreement. The Purchase Warrant is redeemable. For the avoidance of doubt, this Purchase Warrant will be exercisable
at any time, and from time to time, in whole or in part, from the Exercise Date, which period shall not extend further than three (3)
years from the Effective Date in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i).

2. Exercise.

2.1 Exercise Form.
In order to exercise this Purchase Warrant, the exercise form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Form)
must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the Company, together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price
for the Shares being purchased payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company.
If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date, this
Purchase Warrant shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2 [intentionally
omitted]

2.3 Legend. Each certificate
for the securities purchased under this Purchase Warrant shall bear a legend as follows unless such securities have been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act):

(i) THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR
APPLICABLE STATE LAW. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A LOCK-UP PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY (180) DAYS
FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES OF THE OFFERING PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OF THE COMPANYS SECURITIES (FILE NO.
333-281474)) AND MAY NOT BE (A) SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED TO
ANYONE OTHER THAN A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS. OR BONA FIDE OFFICERS OR PARTNERS OF A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS, OR (B) CAUSED
TO BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION
OF THIS SECURITIES HEREUNDER, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN FINRA RULE 5110(E)(2).

3. Transfer.

3.1 General Restrictions.
The registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that such Holder will not for a period of
one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of commencement of sales of the offering: (a) sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate
this Purchase Warrant or any of the Shares issuable hereunder to anyone other than: (i) A.G.P. or a selected dealer participating in the
Offering contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement, or (ii) officers or partners of A.G.P., each of whom shall have agreed to the restrictions
contained herein, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), or (b) cause this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder to
be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition
of this Purchase Warrant or the securities hereunder, except as provided for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). The registered Holder of this Purchase
Warrant will have the option to exercise this Purchase Warrant at any time, provided that underlying securities shall not be transferred
during the lock-up period; i.e., the Shares shall remain subject to the 180-day lock-up period. On and after that date that is one hundred
eighty (180) days after the commencement of sales of the offering, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions
from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must deliver to the Company the assignment form
attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed and completed, together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of all transfer taxes,
if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) Business Days transfer this Purchase Warrant on the books of
the Company and shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant or Purchase Warrants of like tenor to the appropriate assignee(s) expressly
evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Shares purchasable hereunder or such portion of such number as shall be contemplated
by any such assignment.

3.2 Restrictions Imposed
by the Act. The securities evidenced by this Purchase Warrant shall not be transferred unless and until: (i) the Company has received
the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act
and applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company, (ii) a Registration
Statement relating to the offer and sale of such securities that includes a current prospectus has been filed and declared effective by
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and compliance with applicable state securities law has been
established.

2

4. New
Purchase Warrants to be Issued.

4.1 Partial Exercise or
Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Warrant may be exercised or assigned in whole or in
part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant for cancellation, together
with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax if exercised pursuant
to Section 2.1 hereof, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder, without charge, a new Purchase Warrant of like tenor
to this Purchase Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Shares purchasable hereunder
as to which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

4.2 Lost Certificate.
Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase Warrant and
of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant of like
tenor. Any such new Purchase Warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall constitute
a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

5. Adjustments.

5.1 Adjustments to Exercise
Price and Number of Shares. The Exercise Price and the number of Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

5.1.1 Share Dividends; Split
Ups. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 below, the number of outstanding Shares is increased
by a share dividend payable in Shares or by a split up of Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective day thereof, the number
of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding shares, and the Exercise Price shall
be proportionately decreased.

5.1.2 Aggregation of Shares.
If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 below, the number of outstanding Shares is decreased by
a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date thereof, the number of
Shares purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares, and the Exercise Price shall be
proportionately increased.

5.1.3 Replacement of Shares
upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Shares other than a change covered
by Section 5.1.1 or Section 5.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Shares, or in the case of any share
reconstruction or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as
an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase Warrant shall
have the right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Warrant) to receive upon the exercise hereof,
for the same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other
securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation, or
consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of Shares of the Company obtainable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in Shares
covered by Section 5.1.1 or Section 5.1.2, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Section 5.1.1, Section
5.1.2 and this Section 5.1.3. The provisions of this Section 5.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications,
reorganizations, share reconstructions or amalgamations, or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

5.1.4 Changes in Form of
Purchase Warrant. This form of Purchase Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section 5.1, and
Purchase Warrants issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Shares as are stated in the Purchase
Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Warrants reflecting
a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the date hereof or the computation
thereof.

3

5.2 Substitute Purchase
Warrant. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company with or into, another
corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation which does not result in any reclassification or change
of the outstanding Shares), the corporation formed by such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Warrant providing that the holder of each Purchase Warrant then outstanding or to be outstanding
shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Warrant) to receive, upon exercise of such Purchase Warrant,
the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or share reconstruction or
amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Shares of the Company for which such Purchase Warrant might have been exercised immediately
prior to such consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation, sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Warrant shall provide
for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in this Section 5. The above provision of this Section
5 shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or amalgamations.

5.3 Elimination of Fractional
Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Shares upon the exercise of the Purchase
Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent of the parties that
all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest whole number of Shares
or other securities, properties or rights.

6. Registration Rights. The Company has
filed the Registration Statement with the Commission, which has been declared effective on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281474),
and registers the underlying shares of the Purchase Warrant(s) granted to the Holder(s) in connection to the Offering, under the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement.

6.1 Demand Registration.

6.1.1 Grant of Right.
Unless all of the Registrable Securities (defined as below) are included in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus,
the Company, upon written demand (Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Purchase Warrants and/or
the underlying securities (Majority Holder(s)), agrees to register, once at the Companys expense and once
at the Majority Holders expense, all or any portion of the remaining shares of common stock (collectively, the Registrable
Securities) as requested by the Majority Holder(s) in the Demand Notice, provided that no such registration will be required
unless the Holders request registration of an aggregate of at least 51% of the outstanding Registrable Securities. On such occasion, the
Company will file a new registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities
within sixty (60) days after receipt of the Demand Notice and use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement
or post-effective amendment declared effective as soon as possible thereafter. The demand for registration may be made at any time from
the date of commencement of sales of the offering, but no later than three (3) years from the date of the commencement of sales of the
offering. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered
Holders of the Purchase Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days from the date of the receipt of any such Demand
Notice, who shall have five days from the receipt of such Notice in which to notify the Company of their desire to have their Registrable
Securities included in the Registration Statement.

6.1.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities upon the first Demand Notice, including the reasonable
expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions, if any. The Holders shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering
the Registrable Securities upon the second Demand Notice. The Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to qualify or
register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested by the Majority Holder(s); provided, however, that in no
event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State in which such registration would cause (i) the Company
to be obligated to qualify to do business in such State or execute a general consent to service of process, or would subject the Company
to taxation as a foreign corporation doing business in such jurisdiction or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated
to escrow their shares of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement or post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
the demand rights granted under Section 6.1.1 to remain effective for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months from the effective
date of such registration statement or post-effective amendment or until the Holders have completed the distribution of the Registrable
Securities included in the Registration Statement, whichever occurs first.

4

6.1.3. Deferred Filing.
If (i) in the good faith judgment of the Board, filing a registration statement pursuant to Section 6.1 would be seriously detrimental
to the Company and the Board concludes, as a result, that it is essential to defer the filing of such registration statement at such time,
and (ii) the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company stating that in the
good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such registration statement to be filed in the near
future and that it is, therefore, essential to defer the filing of such registration statement, then the Company shall have the right
to defer such filing on two occasions for an aggregate of not more than one hundred and twenty (120) days in any twelve-month period.

6.1.4. No Cash Settlement
Option. The Company is only required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause a registration statement covering issuance
of the Registrable Securities underlying the Purchase Warrant to be declared effective, and once effective, only to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement. The Company will not be obligated to deliver securities,
and there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities, if a registration statement is not effective at the time of
exercise. Additionally, in no event is the Company obligated to settle any Purchase Warrant, in whole or in part, for cash in the event
it is unable to register the Registrable Securities.

6.1.5. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary provided herein, as to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities
when (i) the Commission has declared a Registration Statement covering such securities effective and such securities have been disposed
of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such securities are sold under circumstances in which all of the applicable
conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act are met, (iii) such securities become eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 without volume
or manner-of-sale restrictions and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement
under Rule 144(c)(1), or such securities have ceased to be outstanding.

6.2 Piggy-Back
Registration.

6.2.1 Grant of Right.
Unless all of the Registrable Securities are included in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus, the Holders of
the Purchase Warrants shall have the right for a period of not more than three (3) years from the commencement of sales of the offering,
to include the remaining Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection
with a transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any successor or equivalent form);
provided, however, that if, in the written opinion of the Companys managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, for such offering,
the inclusion of the Registrable Securities, when added to the securities being registered by the Company or the selling shareholder(s),
will exceed the maximum amount of the Companys securities which can be marketed (i) at a price reasonably related to their then
current market value, and (ii) without materially and adversely affecting the entire offering, then the Company will still be required
to include the Registrable Securities, but may require the Holders to agree, in writing, to delay the sale of all or any portion of the
Registrable Securities for a period of ninety (90) days from the effective date of the offering, provided, further, that if the sale of
any Registrable Securities is so delayed, then the number of securities to be sold by all shareholders in such public offering shall be
apportioned pro rata among all such selling shareholders, including all holders of the Registrable Securities, according to the total
amount of securities of the Company owned by said selling shareholders, including all holders of the Registrable Securities.

6.2.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities, including the expenses of any legal counsel selected
by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting
commissions. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities
with not less than ten (10) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the
Holders shall continue to be given for each applicable registration statement filed (during the period in which the Purchase Warrant is
exercisable) by the Company until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been registered and sold. The holders of the Registrable
Securities shall exercise the piggy back rights provided for herein by giving written notice, within ten (10) days of the
receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the above piggyback rights that does not relate to a firm
commitment underwritten offering to remain effective for at least nine (9) consecutive months from the effective date of such registration
statement or until the Holders have completed the distribution of the Registrable Securities in the registration statement, whichever
occurs first.

5

7. Reservation
and Listing. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant, such number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the
exercise thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price therefor,
in accordance with the terms hereby, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights of any shareholder. As long as this Purchase Warrant shall be outstanding,
the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Shares issuable upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant to be listed
(subject to official notice of issuance) on all national securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on the OTC Bulletin Board or any successor
trading market) on which the Shares issued to the public in the Offering may then be listed and/or quoted.

8. Certain
Notice Requirements.

8.1 Holders Right
to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or consent or to receive notice
as a shareholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company.
If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Warrants and their exercise, any of the events described in Section
8.2 shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written notice of such event at least fifteen (15) days
prior to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books (the Notice Date) for the determination
of the shareholders entitled to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled
to vote on such proposed dissolution, liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing
of the transfer books, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice
given to the other shareholders of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the shareholders.

8.2 Events Requiring Notice.
The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the following events: (i) if the
Company shall take a record of the holders of its Shares for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend or distribution payable
otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings, as indicated by the accounting
treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company, (ii) the Company shall offer to all the holders of its Shares
any additional shares of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Company, or any option, right or
warrant to subscribe therefor, or (iii) a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation
or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property, assets and business shall be proposed.

8.3 Notice of Change in
Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 5 hereof,
send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the event causing
the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Companys Chief Financial
Officer.

6

8.4 Transmittal of Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Warrant shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly made (1) when hand delivered, (2) when mailed by express mail or private courier service, (3) if sent by electronic mail, on the
day the notice was sent if during regular business hours and, if sent outside of regular business hours, on the following business day,
or (4) when the event requiring notice is disclosed in all material respects and filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K prior to the Notice
Date: (i) if to the registered Holder of the Purchase Warrant, to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company, or
(ii) if to the Company, to following address or to such other address as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders:

If to the Holder:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Thomas Higgins, Managing Director

Email: thiggins@allianceg.com

with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb
LLP

2206-19 Jardine
House

1 Connaught Place

Central, Hong Kong
SAR

Attention: Lawrence
Venick, Esq.

Email: lvenick@loeb.com

If to the Company:

Toppoint Holdings
Inc.

1250 Kenas Road.,

North Wales, PA
19454

Attention: Hok
C Chan, CEO

Email: leo@toppointtrucking.com

with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

Bevilacqua PLLC

1050 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 500

Washington, DC 20036

Attn: Louis
A. Bevilacqua, Esq.

Email: lou@bevilacquapllc.com

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Amendments. The
Company and A.G.P. may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Warrant without the approval of any of the Holders in order
to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions
herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that the Company and A.G.P. may deem necessary
or desirable and that the Company and A.G.P. deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments
shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

9.2 Headings. The headings
contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Warrant.

9.3 Entire Agreement.
This Purchase Warrant (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Purchase
Warrant) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4 Binding Effect.
This Purchase Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their permitted assignees
and respective successors and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or
in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

7

9.5 Governing Law; Submission
to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Purchase Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Company and the holder hereby agrees
that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Warrant shall be brought and enforced
in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York , and
irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each of the Company and the holder hereby waives any
objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon
the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed
to it at the address set forth in Section 8.4 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action
shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action
or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by
applicable laws, on behalf of its shareholders and affiliates) and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable laws, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

9.6 Waiver, etc. The
failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Warrant or any provision hereof or the right
of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Warrant. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed
by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.7 Exchange Agreement.
As a condition of the Holders receipt and acceptance of this Purchase Warrant, Holder agrees that, at any time prior to the complete
exercise of this Purchase Warrant by Holder, if the Company and A.G.P. enter into an agreement (Exchange Agreement)
pursuant to which they agree that all outstanding Purchase Warrants will be exchanged for securities or cash or a combination of both,
then Holder shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.

9.8 Execution in Counterparts.
This Purchase Warrant may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto.
Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission.

9.9 Restrictions. The
Holder acknowledges that the Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Purchase Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions upon
resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

9.10 Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Purchase Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Purchase Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this
Purchase Warrant.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Purchase Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the 23rd day of January, 2025.

TOPPOINT HOLDINGS INC. 

By: /s/ Hok C Chan 

Name: Hok C Chan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

9

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE FORM

Form to be used to exercise Purchase Warrant:

Date: __________, 20___

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to exercise the Purchase Warrant for ______ Shares of Toppoint Holdings
Inc., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Nevada (the Company) and hereby makes payment
of $____ (at the rate of $____ per Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Shares as to which this
Purchase Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing
the number of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

The undersigned agrees and
acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement with respect to the calculation
shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion.

Please issue the Shares as
to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant
representing the number of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

Signature

Signature Guaranteed

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

Name: 

(Print in Block Letters) 

Address: 

NOTICE: The signature to
this form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Purchase Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership on a registered
national securities exchange.

10

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

Form to be used to assign
Purchase Warrant:

(To be executed by the registered
Holder to effect a transfer of the within Purchase Warrant):

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, 
does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto the right to purchase shares of Toppoint
Holdings Inc., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Nevada (the Company), evidenced by
the Purchase Warrant and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ____________, 20__

Holders Signature:
_____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTICE: The signature to this
form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within Purchase Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative
capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Purchase Warrant.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022845601ex99-1_toppoint.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 21, 2025 REGARDING PRICING OF THE OFFERING
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Toppoint Holdings Inc. Announces Pricing of
$10 Million Initial Public Offering

North Wales, PA, January 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Toppoint
Holdings Inc. (Toppoint or the Company) today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of an aggregate
of 2,500,000 shares of its common stock (the Shares), all of which are being offered by Toppoint at a public offering price
of $4.00 per share (the Offering), for aggregate gross proceeds of $10 million, prior to deducting underwriting discounts
and other offering expenses.

In addition, the Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional 375,000 shares of common stock at the initial public offering price, representing 15% of the Shares sold
in the Offering, less underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments. The Offering is expected to close on or about
January 23, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Companys common stock is expected to begin trading on the
NYSE American on January 22, 2025 under the symbol TOPP. 

The Offering is conducted on a firm commitment basis. A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners (A.G.P.) is the sole book-running manager for the Offering. Bevilacqua PLLC is acting as legal counsel to
the Company and Loeb & Loeb LLP is acting as legal counsel to A.G.P. for the Offering.

The Offering is being conducted pursuant to the Companys Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281474) previously filed with and subsequently declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) on January 21, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Before you invest, you should
read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about the Company and the
Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SECs Website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, electronic
copies of the prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor,
New York, NY 10022, by phone at +1 (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This press release has been prepared for informational purposes only
and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, and no sale of these securities may be
made in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Toppoint Holdings Inc.

Established in 2014 and headquartered in North Wales, Pennsylvania,
Toppoint Holdings Inc. specializes in the transport of wastepaper, scrap metal, and wooden logs for large waste companies, recycling centers,
and commodity traders. The Companys operations extend to major ports, including Newark, NJ, and Philadelphia, PA. With a commitment
to growth and innovation, Toppoint recently expanded into the recycling export transport markets of Tampa, Jacksonville, and Miami, FL;
Baltimore, MD; and Ensenada, Mexico, as of 2024. The company also provides trucking and logistics brokerage solutions for plastic and
other commodities, servicing key commercial hubs across the U.S. For additional information, please go to https://toppointtrucking.com/

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking
statements as defined under the federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, the Companys expectations regarding
the completion, timing and size of the proposed Offering and statements regarding the use of proceeds from the sale of the Companys
shares in the Offering. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on the Companys
current expectations and projections about future events that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations,
business strategy and financial needs, including the expectation that the Offering will be successfully completed. Investors can find
many (but not all) of these statements by the use of words such as believe, plan, expect, intend,
should, seek, estimate, will, aim, and anticipate,
or other similar expressions in this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law.
Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you
that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from
the anticipated results and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Companys registration
statement and other filings with the SEC.

For further information, please contact:

Underwriter Inquiries:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Email: prospectus@allianceg.com

Investor Relations Inquiries:

Crescendo Communications, LLC

212-671-1020

TOPP@crescendo-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022845601ex99-2_toppoint.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 23, 2025 REGARDING CLOSING OF THE OFFERING
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Toppoint Holdings Inc. Announces Closing of
$10 Million Initial Public Offering

North Wales, PA, January 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Toppoint
Holdings Inc. (Toppoint or the Company) today announced the closing of its previously announced initial public
offering of an aggregate of 2,500,000 shares of its common stock (the Shares) at an offering price of $4.00 per share to
the public, for a total of $10,000,000 in gross proceeds to the Company (the Offering), before deducting underwriting discounts
and estimated offering expenses. The Shares began trading on the NYSE American stock exchange on January 22, 2025, under the ticker symbol
"TOPP."

In addition, the Company has granted the underwriter an option, exercisable
within 45 days from the date of the final prospectus, to purchase up to an additional 375,000 shares of common stock at the public offering
price, representing 15% of the Shares sold in the Offering, less underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments.

The net proceeds from the Offering are expected to be used for (i)
geographic expansions, (ii) investments in physical and IT infrastructure, (iii) expansion of our sales team and marketing efforts, and
(iv) general working capital and other corporate purposes.

The Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners (A.G.P.) was the sole book-running manager for the Offering. Bevilacqua PLLC acted as legal counsel to the
Company and Loeb & Loeb LLP acted as legal counsel to A.G.P. for the Offering.

The Offering was conducted pursuant to the Companys Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281474) previously filed with and subsequently declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) on January 21, 2025. The Offering was made only by means of a prospectus, forming a part of the registration
statement. Electronic copies of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained for free by visiting EDGAR on the SECs
Website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners,
590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, by phone at +1 (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This press release has been prepared for informational purposes only
and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, and no sale of these securities may be
made in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Toppoint Holdings Inc.

Established in 2014 and headquartered in North Wales, Pennsylvania,
Toppoint Holdings Inc. specializes in the transport of wastepaper, scrap metal, and wooden logs for large waste companies, recycling centers,
and commodity traders. The Companys operations extend to major ports, including Newark, NJ, and Philadelphia, PA. With a commitment
to growth and innovation, Toppoint Holdings recently expanded into the recycling export transport markets of Tampa, Jacksonville, and
Miami, FL; Baltimore, MD; and Ensenada, Mexico, as of 2024. The company also provides trucking and logistics brokerage solutions for plastic
and other commodities, servicing key commercial hubs across the U.S. For additional information, please go to https://toppointtrucking.com/

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking
statements as defined under the federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, the Companys statements regarding
the use of proceeds from the sale of the Companys Shares in the Offering. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks and uncertainties and are based on the Companys current expectations and projections about future events that the Company
believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Investors can find many (but
not all) of these statements by the use of words such as believe, plan, expect, intend,
should, seek, estimate, will, aim and anticipate,
or other similar expressions in this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law.
Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you
that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from
the anticipated results and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Companys registration
statement and other filings with the SEC.

For further information, please contact:

Underwriter Inquiries:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Email: prospectus@allianceg.com

Investor Relations Inquiries:

Crescendo Communications, LLC

212-671-1020

TOPP@crescendo-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>topp-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>topp-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>topp-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42471

Entity Registrant Name Toppoint Holdings Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001960847

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-2375560

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1250 Kenas Road

Entity Address, City or Town North Wales

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19454

City Area Code 551

Local Phone Number 866-1320

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TOPP

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://toppointtrucking.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228456-8k_toppoint.htm 
topp-20250121.xsd 
topp-20250121_lab.xml 
topp-20250121_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-006019-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ea0228456-8k_toppoint_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001960847 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001960847 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
Toppoint Holdings Inc. 
NV 
001-42471 
92-2375560 
1250 Kenas Road 
North Wales 
PA 
19454 
551 
866-1320 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
TOPP 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>