<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-004012.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-004012.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214162614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-004012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42514
		FILM NUMBER:		25629453

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE
		STREET 2:		#1968
		CITY:			CLAYMONT
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(725) 312-2430

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE
		STREET 2:		#1968
		CITY:			CLAYMONT
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>atii20250211_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?atii20250211_8k.htm

false000202851600020285162025-02-102025-02-100002028516noticker:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareParValue00001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantCustomMember2025-02-102025-02-100002028516noticker:OrdinarySharesCustomMember2025-02-102025-02-100002028516noticker:WarrantsCustomMember2025-02-102025-02-10

--12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 10, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 

001-42514 

N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 

19703

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (725) 312-2430

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

ATIIU 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary Shares 

ATII 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants 

ATIIW 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 10, 2025, the registration statement (File No. 333-282885), as amended (the Registration Statement), relating to the initial public offering (IPO) of Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission). In connection therewith, the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement:

Underwriting Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the underwriters (BTIG);

Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, as warrant agent;

Letter Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among the Company, Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC (the Sponsor), the initial shareholders and the officers and directors of the Company;

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, as trustee;

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders of the Company;

Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor;

Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and BTIG;

Indemnity Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company; and

Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC.

On February 12, 2025, the Company consummated the IPO, which consisted of 23,000,000 units (the Units), including the exercise in full by the underwriter of an option to purchase up to 3,000,000 Units at the offering price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (Ordinary Share) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Warrant) of the Company, with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment). The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000.

As of February 12, 2025, a total of $231,150,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined below), which amount included $8,050,000 in deferred underwriting commissions, was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders. An audited balance sheet as of February 12, 2025 reflecting receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement will be filed within four (4) business days of the consummation of the IPO.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private Placement) of an aggregate of 840,000 units (the Private Units) to the Sponsor and BTIG, at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $8,400,000. Each Private Unit consists of one Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant, with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment). Of those 840,000 Private Units, the Sponsor purchased 530,000 Private Units and BTIG purchased 310,000 Private Units.

The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions, as described in the Registration Statement. Additionally, such holders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until after the completion of the Companys initial business combination. The holders were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units and the underlying securities.

The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transaction did not involve a public offering.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On February 10, 2025, and in connection with the IPO, the Company adopted its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On February 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On February 12, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the underwriters

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

4.1 

Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, as warrant agent

10.1 

Letter Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among the Company, Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, the initial shareholders and the officers and directors of the Company

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, as trustee

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders of the Company

10.4 

Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC

10.5 

Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC

10.6 

Indemnity Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company

10.7 

Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC

10.8 

Note Conversion Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2025, by and between the Company and Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC

99.1 

Press Release Dated February 10, 2025

99.2 

Press Release Dated February 12, 2025

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 14, 2025

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

By: 

/s/ Long Long

Name: 

Long Long

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_777306.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
ex_777306.htm

Exhibit 1.1

Underwriting Agreement

between

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

and

BTIG, LLC

(the Agreement)

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

February 10, 2025

BTIG, LLC

65 E. 55th Street

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with BTIG, LLC (BTIG or the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter, provided that, if only BTIG is listed on such Schedule A, any references to the Underwriters shall refer exclusively to BTIG) as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 20,000,000 units of the Company (the Firm Units), ratably in accordance with the number of Firm Units set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule A attached hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions, excluding Deferred Underwriting Commission (as defined below)) of $9.80 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one ordinary share, of $0.0001 par value, of the Company (the Ordinary Shares) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant and collectively, the PublicWarrants). The Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the Firm Units will trade separately on the 52nd day following the date hereof unless the Representative determines to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K and (ii) the Company has filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K and issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Each whole Public Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, commencing on the later of either 30 days after the consummation by the Company of a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination) and 12 months from the closing of the Offering. The Public Warrants will expire on the five year anniversary of the consummation by the Company of its initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

1.1.2 Payment and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Firm Units, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of White & Case LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (White & Case), or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units is called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $201,000,0000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of Private Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in the trust account (Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (Odyssey). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall include an aggregate of $7,000,000 ($0.35 per Firm Unit), payable to the Underwriters as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (defined below), any member of the Sponsor or any officer or director of the Company, to the extent, he, she or it acquires such Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

1.2 Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1 Option Units. The Underwriters are hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase, ratably in accordance with the number of Firm Units to be purchased by each of them, up to an additional 3,000,000 units (the Option Units), the net proceeds of which, together with the proceeds of the Option Private Placement Units (as defined below), will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units and shall be sold at the same purchase price per Firm Unit to be paid by the Underwriters to the Company. The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the Units and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof.

1.2.2 Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within 45 days after the effective date (Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 10.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of White & Case or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

1.2.3 Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $10.05 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The amount of the payments for the Option Units to be deposited in the Trust Account will include $0.35 per Option Unit (up to $1,050,000) payable to the Underwriters, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not less than two full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Deferred Underwriting Commission. The Representative agrees that 3.5% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($7,000,000) and 3.5% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up to $1,050,000) (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Representative for its own account upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. In the event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and Odyssey, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, the Representative agrees that: (i) the Representative shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission, including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders. Any Deferred Underwriting Commission will be fully earned by each Underwriter upon the payment of the purchase price for the Units purchased by such underwriter on the closing of the Offering (including payment of the purchase price of any Option Units) and will be paid if and when the Company consummates its Business Combination, without any further conditions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Deferred Underwriting Commission shall be payable as follows: (i) $0.15 per Firm Unit and Option Unit shall be paid to the Underwriters in cash upon the closing of the Business Combination (ii) up to $0.10 per Firm Unit and Option Unit shall be paid to the Underwriters in cash, based on the number of Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering (the Public Shares) outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, net of any Public Shares that have been submitted for redemption by Public Shareholders and (iii) $0.10 per Firm Unit and Option Unit shall be paid to the Underwriters in cash, provided that the Company shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to reallocate any portion of such $0.10 amount to third parties not participating in the Offering (but who are members of FINRA) that assist the Company in consummating the Business Combination.

1.4 Private Placements.

1.4.1 Founder Shares. On June 7, 2024, Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), purchased from the Company 5,750,000 Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares), for an aggregate consideration of $25,000, in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor until the earlier of: (i) six months following the consummation of the Business Combination; (ii) when the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the consummation of the Business Combination; and (iii) subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares (up to 750,000 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise 20% of the issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Company after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option (not including the Private Placement Shares).

1.4.2 Private Placement Units. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor and BTIG will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.2 hereof), an aggregate of 765,000 private units (515,000 private units by the Sponsor and 250,000 by BTIG) (or up to an aggregate of 840,000 if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full (530,000 by the Sponsor and 310,000 by BTIG)), each private unit containing one Ordinary Share (the Private Placement Shares) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants), at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit (the Private Placement Units) in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. Simultaneously with the Option Closing Date (if any), the Sponsor and the Representative will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreements up to an additional 15,000 Private Placement Units and 60,000 Private Placement Units, respectively, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit in private placements intended to be exempt from registration under the Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act (the Option Private Placement Units). The Private Placement Units and Option Private Placement Units, if any, are substantially identical to the Firm Units, subject to certain exceptions. The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants. The private placement of the Private Placement Units is referred to herein as the Unit Private Placement. Neither the Private Placement Units nor the underlying Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants, or the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants, may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until the consummation of a Business Combination. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited into the Trust Account. For so long as any Private Placement Units, and underlying Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants are held by the Representative or its designees or affiliates, such Private Placement Units, underlying Private Placement Shares and underlying Private Placement Warrants, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, will be subject to the lock-up and registration rights limitations imposed by FINRA Rule 5110 and the Private Placement Warrants may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales in the Offering.

1.4.3 The Private Placement Units, the underlying Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, if any, are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Placement Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities. The Public Securities, the Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.5 Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering, it is intended that approximately $1,850,000 of the Offering proceeds and the Unit Private Placement will be held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.6 Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any taxes payable by the Company and up to $100,000 for dissolution expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282885), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including any prospectus that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, for the registration of the Units (and the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the Units) under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 4:30 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on February 5, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriter (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus). If the Company has filed, or is required pursuant to the terms hereof to file, a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional securities or an amendment to such Registration Statement (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), then, unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. Other than the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which, if filed, becomes effective upon filing, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been registered for public sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement or, if any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed, will be duly registered for public sale under the Act with the filing of such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

2.1.2 Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-42514) providing for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants. The registration of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state, or other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2 Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5 Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and on the Closing Date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters, the information with respect to short positions and stabilizing transactions contained in the section entitled Underwriting Price Stabilization, Short Positions, the information on selling restrictions in foreign jurisdictions contained in the section entitled Underwriting Selling Restrictions and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

2.2.2 Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3 Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign, state, and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3 Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company, other than a change in the title of such officer, and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2 Recent Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent Accountants. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, Withum Smith+Brown, PC (Withum), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, Withum is currently registered with the PCAOB. Withum has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5 Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included as required.

2.5.2 Statistical Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7 Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.7.2 Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement and registered in the Companys register of members, will be validly issued, and the Ordinary Shares will be fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Public Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Public Warrants are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Public Warrants and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when issued in accordance with the terms thereof such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.3 Placement Securities. The Private Placement Units and the Private Placement Warrants constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Private Placement Shares have been duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants have been reserved for issuance and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Private Placement Warrants and registered in the Companys register of members, will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.4 No Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8 Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Warrant Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Trust Agreement, the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4) and the Purchase Agreements (collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.10 No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, as may be amended from time to time (collectively, the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof; except in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above for any such conflict, breach or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below).

2.11 No Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject, except for any such default or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter Documents or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses, except for any such violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.12 Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except where the failure to would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on the Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with and in furtherance of the Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith and therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale, and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).

2.13 D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers and directors (Insiders) and provided to the Representative and their counsel and the biographies of the Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete in any material respect.

2.14 Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus.

2.15 Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as an exempted company and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16 No Contemplation of a Business Combination. The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target (each a Target Business) and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Target Business with respect to a Business Combination with the Company.

2.17 Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders Fees. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments Within 180 Days. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; or (ii) any participating member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect to the Offering (Participating Member), within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to any Participating Member within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating Member. Except with respect to the Representative and its associated persons in connection with the Offering and other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any underwriting compensation as defined in FINRA Rule 5110.

2.17.3 FINRA Affiliation. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) (other than the Representative and its associated persons) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative and White & Case if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

2.17.4 Share Ownership. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating Member (other than securities purchased on the open market) (other than the Representative and its associated persons).

2.17.5 Loans. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member.

2.17.6 Proceeds of the Offering. No proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation), the Private Placement Units, if any, will be paid to any Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7 Conflicts of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a Participating Member and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company has filed all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file would not have a Material Adverse Effect). The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable or as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

2.19 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2 Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, or Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to the Representative or to White & Case shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.21 Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter. On the date of this Agreement, the Company will cause to be duly executed and delivered to the Underwriters a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters. The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed in any material respect without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2.21.2 Purchase Agreements. On the date of this Agreement, the Company, the Sponsor and BTIG have executed and delivered to the Underwriters Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements, the forms of which are annexed as exhibits to the Registration Statement (the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Sponsor and BTIG will, among other things, on the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Private Placement Units to be sold to the Sponsor and BTIG as described in Section 1.4.2 and as provided for in such Purchase Agreements.

2.21.3 Services Agreement. On the date of this Agreement the Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered to the Underwriters an Administrative Services Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Services Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof will provide office space, administrative and support services to the Company, for which the Company will pay the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof $10,000 per month.

2.21.4 Registration Rights Agreement. On the date of this Agreement, the Company, the Sponsor, BTIG and other holders party thereto entered into and delivered to the Underwriters a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.5 Loans. The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $290,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to a promissory note, as amended, substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the earlier of March 31, 2025, the closing of the Offering or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct the Offering.

2.22 Investment Management Trust Agreement. On the date of this Agreement, the Company has entered into and delivered to the Underwriters the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23 Warrant Agreement. On the date of this Agreement, the Company has entered into and delivered to the Underwriters a warrant agreement with respect to the Public Warrants underlying the Units and the Private Placement Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units and certain other warrants that may be issued by the Company with Odyssey as warrant agent substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Warrant Agreement).

2.24 No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25 Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26 Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business entity.

2.28 Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29 No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30 Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31 Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.32 Listing on Nasdaq. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on Nasdaq, and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

2.33 Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq.

2.34 Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Representative a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36 Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the Act. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication (as defined herein) other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2 Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Representative, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Ordinary Shares (or any successor security for which Ordinary Shares are exchangeable in connection with a Business Combination) under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier, or, in the case of the Public Warrants, until the Public Warrants expire and are no longer exercisable or have been exercised or redeemed in full. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative prior to the earlier of the Companys liquidation or the Business Combination.

3.2.4 Exchange Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3 Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the Act, without the prior consent of the Representative.

3.4 Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

3.5 Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative as promptly as reasonably possible and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with the Sponsor or the Companys officers or directors unless (i) the Company or a committee of independent directors obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions stating that the consideration to be paid by the Company in the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.7 Reports to the Representative. For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company either completes its Business Combination or is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company files with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and their counsel in connection with the Representative receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.8 Transfer Agent. For a period of five years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company either completes its Business Combination or is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and warrant agent acceptable to the Representative. Odyssey is acceptable to the Representative.

3.9 Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre- or post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the Companys management team, not to exceed $4,000 per person (in the case of investigations and background checks in U.S. jurisdictions) and $5,000 per person (in the case of investigations and background checks in non-U.S. jurisdictions) (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon, (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel, (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on Nasdaq or such other share exchanges as the Company and the Underwriter together determine, (vii) all fees and disbursements of the transfer and warrant agent, (viii) reasonable expenses from all participants (including the Underwriters) associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management; (ix) the documented fees of the Representatives legal counsel incurred in connection with the review and qualification of the Offering by FINRA (which amount shall not exceed $15,000); and (x) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.10, provided that such expenses have been pre-approved by the Company or the Sponsor (including any advance for such out-of-pocket costs, and not including any costs referred to in clause (iii) above), and further provided that the maximum reimbursement to the Underwriters under this section shall not exceed $50,000 without the prior written approval of the Sponsor or the Company. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representative prior to Closing) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason other than a breach by the Underwriters of their obligations hereunder, the expenses set forth above paid by the Representative, shall, so long as they have first been pre-approved by the Sponsor or the Company, be reimbursed by the Sponsor or the Company.

3.10 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Unit Private Placement received by it in a manner materially consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.11 Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Effective Date. Any financial statements filed or furnished on the Commissions EDGAR website will be considered to be generally available to security holders for purposes of this Section 3.11.

3.12 Notice to the Representative or FINRA.

3.12.1 Notice to the Representative. For a period of 60 days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect to the Offering. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

3.12.2 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes a Participating Member.

3.12.3 Broker/Dealer. In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.13 Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.14 Intentionally Omitted.

3.15 Payment of Deferred Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, the Company agrees that it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Representative, in accordance with Section 1.3. The Representative shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the portion of the proceeds held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

3.16 Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.17 Accountants. Until the earlier of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain Withum or another nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm.

3.18 Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement. Within four Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Additionally, upon the Companys receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of all or any portion of the Over-allotment Option provided for in Section 1.2 hereof, the Company shall promptly, but not later than four business days after the receipt of such proceeds, file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which report shall disclose the Companys sale of the Option Units and its receipt of the proceeds therefrom, unless the receipt of such proceeds are reflected in the Current Report on Form 8-K referenced in the immediately prior sentence.

3.19 Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction of White & Case.

3.20 Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.21 Amendments to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify its Charter Documents, except as set forth therein.

3.22 Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld), for a period of 25 days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.23 Insurance. The Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with the Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.24 Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

3.25 Private Placement Proceeds. On or prior to the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall have caused the applicable proceeds from the Unit Private Placement, if any, to be deposited into the Trust Account in accordance with the Purchase Agreements.

3.26 Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account with respect to such financing.

3.27 Amendments to Agreements. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Warrant Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Purchase Agreements or any Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative, which will not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld.

3.28 Maintenance of Nasdaq Listing. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.29 Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants outstanding from time to time.

3.30 Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Representative in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.31 Disqualification of S-1. Until the earlier of seven years from the date hereof or until the Public Warrants have either expired and are no longer exercisable or have all been exercised, the Company will not take any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys use of Form S-1 (or other appropriate form) for the registration of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants under the Act.

3.32 Clear Market. For a period of 180 days after the date of the Prospectus, the Company will not (i) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or submit to, or file with, the Commission a registration statement under the Act relating to, any Units, Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Public Warrants or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any Ordinary Shares or Founder Shares or publicly disclose the intention to undertake any of the foregoing, or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Public Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares or Founder Shares owned, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Representative, except, in each case, that the Company may (a) issue and sell the Private Placement Units, (b) issue and sell the Option Units on exercise of the option provided for in Section 1.2.2 hereof (if any), (c) register with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the resale of the Founder Shares, the Private Placement Units and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) and (d) issue securities in connection with a Business Combination. However, the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) shall not apply to the forfeiture of any Founder Shares pursuant to their terms or any transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such current or future independent director transferee is subject to the terms of the Insider Letter applicable to directors and officers at the time of such transfer; and as long as, to the extent any reporting obligation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act is triggered as a result of such transfer, any related filing includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the transfer). The Representative in its sole discretion may release or waive the transfer restrictions set forth herein at any time without notice. The Company agrees not to waive or amend the Insider Letter without the written consent of the Representative

3.33 In connection with the initial Business Combination, the Company shall, if requested by the Underwriters, (i) provide, or cause the target of the initial Business Combination to provide, to the Underwriters and their representatives, customary documentation, including (A) all financial and other records, including any financial forecasts or projections, (B) pertinent corporate documents, (C) material contracts, (D) documents and information contained in the virtual data room used in connection with the initial Business Combination, and (E) any other information, certifications or documentation reasonably requested by the Underwriters and their representatives with respect to the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, in each case, with reasonable advance opportunity to review the foregoing; (ii) cause appropriate officers, directors and employees of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, and cause representatives of the Companys and the initial Business Combination targets accountants and auditors, to participate in any due diligence sessions reasonably requested by the Underwriters in connection with the initial Business Combination; (iii) provide, and in the case of the target of the initial Business Combination, cause to provide, customary comfort letters, legal opinions and negative assurance letters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, each dated as of the effective date of the registration statement (if applicable), statutory prospectus, prospectus or proxy statement filed in connection with the initial Business Combination and as of the closing date of initial Business Combination; and (iv) provide in the definitive agreement related to the initial Business Combination that the target of the initial Business Combination shall execute and deliver to the Representative a joinder agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, pursuant to which it shall join this Agreement, as a signatory and a party, providing for a direct obligation on behalf of such target with respect to all obligations of the Company described in this paragraph to cause such target to provide information, certificates, opinions and negative assurance letters. The Company agrees that it shall promptly reimburse the Representative for all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with the foregoing, including without limitation the reasonable costs of counsel to the Underwriters.

3.34 The Company shall include in any Business Combination agreement (i) a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the Business Combination, of all of the Companys indemnification obligations under Section 5 hereof and (ii) that the Underwriters may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if they were a party thereto.

3.35 The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect of itself, in its sole discretion and only pursuant to a separate, definitive written agreement between such Underwriter and the Company or another registrant.

3.36 The Company shall (i) (A) provide the Underwriters and their representatives a reasonable advance opportunity to review and comment on any registration statement, statutory prospectus, prospectus and proxy statement, including exhibits and financial statements included therein, to be filed in connection with the initial Business Combination, prior to each such filing, (B) provide each Underwriter and its representatives a reasonable advance opportunity to review and comment on any document that names or describes such Underwriter, whether or not such document is filed, (C) give reasonable consideration to accepting any comments made by the Underwriters and their representatives, and (D) consider in good faith including in any such filing, document or response all comments reasonably proposed by the Underwriters and their representatives; provided that any information naming or describing an Underwriter must be in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to such Underwriter; and (ii) upon the request by the Underwriters, promptly file an amendment to any registration statement, statutory prospectus, prospectus and proxy statement, including exhibits and financial statements included therein, filed in connection with the initial Business Combination, to correct any information to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, or to correct any material omissions therefrom.

4. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance in all material respects by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative.

4.1.2 FINRA Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received a letter of no objections from FINRA as to the terms and arrangements and the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.4 Approval for Listing on Nasdaq. The Securities shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2 Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of U.S. Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of Loeb & Loeb LLP, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and White & Case, as well as the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter of White & Case, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2 Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Cayman Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion of Walkers (Cayman) LLP, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and White & Case.

4.2.3 Reliance. In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company; provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives counsel if requested. The opinion of counsel for the Company shall include a statement to the effect that it may be relied upon by counsel for the Underwriters in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3 Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative from Withum dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1 Confirming that they are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations;

4.3.2 Stating that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

4.3.3 Stating that, on the basis of their review, a reading of the latest available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, or (a) at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the September 30, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus;

4.3.4 Setting forth, at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5 Stating that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement; and

4.3.6 Statements as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or White & Case may reasonably request, including that Withum is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

4.4 Officers Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, and the Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2 Chief Executives Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the General Counsel or Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq, and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6 Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents and all of the Insider Letter.

5. Indemnification.

5.1 Indemnification of the Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Underwriters and their affiliates, and each dealer selected by the Underwriters that participates in the offer and sale of the Securities (each a Selected Dealer) and each of their respective directors, officers, agents, partners, members and employees and each person, if any, who controls within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act (Controlling Person) any Underwriter, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever as incurred to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the Business Combination securities disclosure documents, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented, including, but not limited to any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430A, Rule 430B or Rule 430C); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Securities, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any foreign or state securities commission or agency, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), any other securities exchange or the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the OTCBB); or (iv) any post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or new Registration Statement or Prospectus filed by the Company with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, OTCBB or any securities exchange; or (v) the omission or alleged omission from the Registration Statement, the Business Combination securities disclosure documents, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or subsequent filing by the Company under clause (iv) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and to reimburse each Underwriter, its affiliates, each Selected Dealer and each of their respective directors, officers, partners, agents, members and employees and each Controlling Person, if any, for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Underwriters) as such expenses are incurred by each Underwriter, its affiliates, such Selected Dealer or each of their respective directors, officers, partners, agents, members and employees or such Controlling Person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim damage, liability, expense or action, whether or not any such person is a party to any such claim or action and including any and all reasonable legal and other expenses incurred in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise; provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expenses to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon (x) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information or any written information furnished to the Company with respect to an Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or in any application, as the case may be, or the jurisdictions listed in the section entitled Underwriting in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, as the case may be; (y) the use of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus in violation of any stop order or other notice received by the Underwriters indicating the then current Prospectus is not to be used in connection with the sale of any Securities or (z) the Underwriters otherwise failing in its prospectus delivery obligations. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or Controlling Persons in connection with the issue and sale of the Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 5.1 shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have.

5.2 Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each Controlling Person of the Company, if any, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the Underwriter, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to, the Underwriters by or on behalf of the Underwriters expressly for use in, the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any such application, and to reimburse the Company or any such director, officer or Controlling Person, if any, for any and all expenses as such expenses are reasonably incurred, in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the obligation of each Underwriter to indemnify the Company (including any director, officer or Controlling Person thereof), shall be limited to the commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it pursuant to this Agreement. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Underwriters have furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, shall consist solely of the Underwriters Information. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 5.2 shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Underwriter may otherwise have.

5.3 Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 5 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section5, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under Sections 5.1 or 5.2 above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in Sections5.1 or 5.2 above. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, that (a) if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, or (b) the indemnifying party agrees to such separate representation, then, in each case, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 5 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (iii) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the provision to the preceding sentence reasonably approved by the indemnifying party (or by the Underwriter in the case of Section 5.2), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action, (iv) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, or (v) the indemnifying party is not defending such action in good faith, in each of which cases the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party.

5.4 Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 5 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, which shall not be withheld, delayed or conditioned unreasonably, but if settled with such consent or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 5.3 hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an unconditional written release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

5.5 Contribution.

5.5.1 Contribution Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Act in any case in which (i) any person entitled to indemnification under this Section 5 makes claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Section 5 provides for indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any such person in circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Section 5, then, and in each such case, each Underwriter shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and each Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportion as is represented by the percentage of the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus as compared to the offering price per Unit and the Company shall be responsible for the balance; provided, that, no person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) with respect to any action or claim shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation with respect to such action or claim. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason, the Company and the Underwriters shall contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and the Underwriters in connection with the actions or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and the Underwriters shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information furnished by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section5.5.1, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this Section, each director, officer, agent, partner, member and employee of an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act, shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable.

5.5.2 Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party (Contributing Party), notify the Contributing Party of the commencement thereof, but the omission to so notify the Contributing Party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a Contributing Party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the Contributing Party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other Contributing Party similarly notified. Any such Contributing Party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding effected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding without the written consent of such Contributing Party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section5.5 are several and not joint.

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties satisfactory to the Company to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections3.10, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section5 hereof); providedthat nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3 Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1 Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $201,000,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Ordinary Shares contained in the Public Securities in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination or amendments to the Charter Documents as described in the Prospectus, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Documents and the Prospectus, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (iv) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (v) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of Directors.

7.3 Insider Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

7.4 No Amendment Without Consent. The Company agrees not amend, modify or otherwise change the Warrant Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Purchase Agreements, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative which will not be unreasonably withheld. Furthermore, the Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.5 Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

7.6 Tender Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or their counsel (if so instructed by the Representative) with 10 copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the Commission in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by such state.

7.7 Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.8 Fair Market Value of Business Combination. The Company agrees that it must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the Deferred Underwriting Commissions and taxes paid or payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of execution of the definitive agreement for such Business Combination. The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

8. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any Controlling Person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the 7th anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

9. Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1 Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

9.2 Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, if (i) any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; (ii) trading on the NYSE, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; (iii) the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities; (iv) a banking moratorium has been declared by New York State or a Federal authority; (v) a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market; (vi) the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity (including without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units; (vii) the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation as a result of terrorist activities after the date hereof, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

9.3 Expenses. In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section3.10 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1 Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed , or by electronic transmission via PDF, and shall be deemed given when so transmitted, mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

BTIG, LLC

65 E. 55th Street

New York, New York, 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Facsimile: (415) 248-2260

Email: iblegal@btig.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

White & Case LLP

555 South Flower Street, Suite 2700

Los Angeles, California 90071

Attn: Daniel Nussen

Facsimile: (213) 620-7795

Email: daniel.nussen@whitecase.com

If to the Company:

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Attn: Long Long

Email: long@spacpartners.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Giovanni Caruso

Facsimile: (212) 407-4000

Email: gcaruso@loeb.com

10.2 Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3 Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Selected Dealers, the Company and the Controlling Persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

10.6 Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

10.9 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

10.10 Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11 No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

By: 

/s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted on the date first above written. 

BTIG, LLC, 

as Representative of the several underwriters 

By: 

/s/ Paul Wood 

Name: Paul Wood 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE A

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

20,000,000 Units

Underwriter 

Number of Firm Units 

to be Purchased 

BTIG, LLC 

TOTAL 20,000,000 

SCHEDULE B

Investor Presentation dated October 2024.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_777307.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
ex_777307.htm

Exhibit 3.1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 10 FEBRUARY 2025)

1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED10 FEBRUARY 2025)

1. 

The name of the company is Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the "Company").

2. 

The registered office of the Company will be situated at the offices of Walkers Corporate Limited, 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands or at such other location as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3. 

The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by any law as provided by Section 7(4) of the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (the "Companies Act"). 

4. 

The Company shall have and be capable of exercising all the functions of a natural person of full capacity irrespective of any question of corporate benefit as provided by Section 27(2) of the Companies Act.

5. 

The Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm or corporation except in furtherance of the business of the Company carried on outside the Cayman Islands; provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as to prevent the Company effecting and concluding contracts in the Cayman Islands, and exercising in the Cayman Islands all of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside the Cayman Islands.

6. 

The liability of the shareholders of the Company is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares respectively held by them.

7. 

The authorised share capital of the Company is US$40,100 divided into 400,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal or par value of US$0.0001 and 1,000,000 preference shares with a nominal or par value of US$0.0001provided always that subject to the Companies Act and the Articles of Association the Company shall have power to redeem or purchase any of its shares and to sub-divide or consolidate the said shares or any of them and to issue all or any part of its capital whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced with or without any preference, priority, special privilege or other rights or subject to any postponement of rights or to any conditions or restrictions whatsoever and so that unless the conditions of issue shall otherwise expressly provide every issue of shares whether stated to be ordinary, preference or otherwise shall be subject to the powers on the part of the Company hereinbefore provided.

8. 

The Company may exercise the power contained in Section 206 of the Companies Act to deregister in the Cayman Islands and be registered by way of continuation in some other jurisdiction.

2

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 10 FEBRUARY 2025)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CLAUSE 

PAGE

TABLE A 

1

Interpretation 

1

Preliminary 

4

Shares 

5

Modification Of Rights 

5

Certificates 

6

Fractional Shares 

6

Lien 

7

Calls On Shares 

7

Forfeiture Of Shares 

8

Transfer Of Shares 

9

Transmission Of Shares 

9

Alteration Of SHARE Capital 

10

Redemption, Purchase and Surrender Of Shares 

10

Treasury Shares 

11

General Meetings 

11

Notice Of General Meetings 

12

Proceedings At General Meetings 

12

Votes Of shareholders 

13

Corporations Acting By Representatives At Meetings 

14

Clearing Houses 

14

Directors 

14

Alternate Director 

15

i

Powers And Duties Of Directors 

15

Borrowing Powers Of Directors 

16

The Seal 

17

Disqualification Of Directors 

17

Proceedings Of Directors 

17

Dividends 

19

Accounts, Audit and annual return and declaration 

20

Capitalisation Of reserves 

20

Share Premium Account 

21

Notices 

21

Indemnity 

23

Non-Recognition Of Trusts 

24

Business Combination Requirements 

24

Business Opportunities 

26

Winding Up 

27

Amendment Of Articles Of Association 

27

Closing of register or fixing record date 

27

Registration By Way Of Continuation 

28

Mergers and Consolidation 

28

disclosure 

28

Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum 

28

ii

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 10 FEBRUARY 2025)

TABLE A

The Regulations contained or incorporated in Table 'A' in the First Schedule of the Companies Act shall not apply to Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the "Company") and the following Articles shall comprise the Articles of Association of the Company.

INTERPRETATION

1. 

In these Articles the following defined terms will have the meanings ascribed to them, if not inconsistent with the subject or context:

"Articles" means these articles of association of the Company, as amended or substituted from time to time.

"Audit Committee" means the audit committee of the Company formed pursuant to Article 133 hereof, or any successor audit committee.

"Branch Register" means any branch Register of such category or categories of Members as the Company may from time to time determine.

"Business Combination" means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the "target business"), which Business Combination: (a) must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Fund (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest and other income earned on the Trust Fund) at the time of entering into the definitive agreement to enter into a Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

"Class" or "Classes" means any class or classes of Shares as may from time to time be issued by the Company.

"Companies Act" means the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands.

"Completion Window" means the period of time commencing on, and including the closing date of the IPO, and ending on the date that is the later of (i) 21 months after such closing date of the IPO and (ii) such later date as the Members may approve by Special Resolution in accordance with the Articles.

"Designated Stock Exchange" means any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company's securities are listed for trading or quoted, including but not limited to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, The NYSE MKT LLC, The New York Stock Exchange LLC or any OTC market.

1

"Directors" means the directors of the Company for the time being, or as the case may be, the directors assembled as a board or as a committee thereof.

"Electronic Facility" means without limitation, website addresses and conference call systems, and any device, system, procedure, method or other facility whatsoever providing an electronic means of venue for a general meeting of the Company.

"Exchange Act" means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

"Investor Group" means the Sponsor and its affiliates, successors and assigns.

"IPO" means the Company's initial public offering of securities.

"IPO Redemption" has the meaning given to it in Article 154.

"Memorandum of Association" means the memorandum of association of the Company, as amended or substituted from time to time.

"Office" means the registered office of the Company as required by the Companies Act.

"Officers" means the officers for the time being and from time to time of the Company.

"Ordinary Resolution" means a resolution:

(a) 

passed by a simple majority of such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Shareholder is entitled; or

(b) 

approved in writing by all of the Shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the Shareholders and the effective date of the resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument, or the last of such instruments, if more than one, is executed.

"Ordinary Shares" means the ordinary shares in the capital of the Company of $0.0001 nominal or par value designated as Ordinary Shares, and having the rights provided for in these Articles.

"Over-Allotment Option" means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15% of the units sold in the IPO at a price equal to $10.00 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

"paid up" means paid up as to the par value in respect of the issue of any Shares and includes credited as paid up.

"Person" means any natural person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having a separate legal personality) or any of them as the context so requires, other than in respect of a Director or Officer in which circumstances Person shall mean any person or entity permitted to act as such in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands.

"Preference Shares" means the preference shares in the capital of the Company of $0.0001 nominal or par value designated as Preference Shares, and having the rights provided for in these Articles.

2

"Principal Register", where the Company has established one or more Branch Registers pursuant to the Companies Act and these Articles, means the Register maintained by the Company pursuant to the Companies Act and these Articles that is not designated by the Directors as a Branch Register.

"Public Shares" means the Ordinary Shares issued as part of the units issued in the IPO (whether they are purchased in the IPO or thereafter in the open market).

"Redemption Price" has the meaning given to it in Article 154.

"Register" means the register of Members of the Company required to be kept pursuant to the Companies Act and includes any Branch Register(s) established by the Company in accordance with the Companies Act.

"Seal" means the common seal of the Company (if adopted) including any facsimile thereof.

"SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

"Secretary" means any Person appointed by the Directors to perform any of the duties of the secretary of the Company.

"Series" means a series of a Class as may from time to time be issued by the Company.

"Share" means a share in the capital of the Company. All references to "Shares" herein shall be deemed to be Shares of any or all Classes as the context may require. For the avoidance of doubt in these Articles the expression "Share" shall include a fraction of a Share.

"Shareholder" or "Member" means a Person who is registered as the holder of Shares in the Register and includes each subscriber to the Memorandum of Association pending entry in the Register of such subscriber.

"Share Premium Account" means the share premium account established in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Act.

"signed" means bearing a signature or representation of a signature affixed by mechanical means.

"Special Resolution" means a special resolution of the Company passed in accordance with the Companies Act, being a resolution:

(a) 

passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Shareholder is entitled; or

(b) 

approved in writing by all of the Shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the Shareholders and the effective date of the special resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument or the last of such instruments, if more than one, is executed.

"Sponsor" means Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

"Treasury Shares" means Shares that were previously issued but were purchased, redeemed, surrendered or otherwise acquired by the Company and not cancelled.

3

"Trust Fund" means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds of any private placement of units issued simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

"Underwriter" means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

2. 

In these Articles, save where the context requires otherwise:

(a) 

words importing the singular number shall include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) 

words importing the masculine gender only shall include the feminine gender and any Person as the context may require;

(c) 

the word "may" shall be construed as permissive and the word "shall" shall be construed as imperative;

(d) 

reference to a dollar or dollars or US$ (or $) and to a cent or cents is reference to dollars and cents of the United States of America;

(e) 

reference to a statutory enactment shall include reference to any amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force;

(f) 

reference to any determination by the Directors shall be construed as a determination by the Directors in their sole and absolute discretion and shall be applicable either generally or in any particular case; and

(g) 

reference to "in writing" shall be construed as written or represented by any means reproducible in writing, including any form of print, lithograph, email, facsimile, photograph or telex or represented by any other substitute or format for storage or transmission for writing or partly one and partly another.

3. 

Subject to the preceding Articles, any words defined in the Companies Act shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context, bear the same meaning in these Articles.

PRELIMINARY

4. 

The business of the Company may be commenced at any time after incorporation.

5. 

The Office shall be at such address in the Cayman Islands as the Directors may from time to time determine. The Company may in addition establish and maintain such other offices and places of business and agencies in such places as the Directors may from time to time determine.

6. 

The expenses incurred in the formation of the Company and in connection with the offer for subscription and issue of Shares shall be paid by the Company. Such expenses may be amortised over such period as the Directors may determine and the amount so paid shall be charged against income and/or capital in the accounts of the Company as the Directors shall determine.

7. 

The Directors shall keep, or cause to be kept, the Register at such place or (subject to compliance with the Companies Act and these Articles) places as the Directors may from time to time determine. In the absence of any such determination, the Register shall be kept at the Office. The Directors may keep, or cause to be kept, one or more Branch Registers as well as the Principal Register in accordance with the Companies Act; provided always that a duplicate of such Branch Register(s) shall be maintained with the Principal Register in accordance with the Companies Act and the rules or requirements of any Designated Stock Exchange.

4

SHARES

8. 

Subject to these Articles, and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, all Shares for the time being unissued shall be under the control of the Directors who may:

(a) 

issue, allot and dispose of the same to such Persons, in such manner, on such terms and having such rights and being subject to such restrictions as they may from time to time determine; and

(b) 

grant options with respect to such Shares and issue warrants or similar instruments with respect thereto;

and, for such purposes, the Directors may reserve an appropriate number of Shares for the time being unissued.

9. 

The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO (or the immediately following business day if such 52nd day is not a business day) unless the Underwriters determine that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC and the issuance of a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

10. 

The Directors, or the Shareholders by Ordinary Resolution, may authorise the division of Shares into any number of Classes and sub-classes and Series and sub-series and the different Classes and sub-classes and Series and sub-series shall be authorised, established and designated (or re-designated as the case may be) and the variations in the relative rights (including, without limitation, voting, dividend and redemption rights), restrictions, preferences, privileges and payment obligations as between the different Classes and Series (if any) may be fixed and determined by the Directors or the Shareholders by Ordinary Resolution.

11. 

The Company may insofar as may be permitted by law, pay a commission to any Person in consideration of his or her subscribing or agreeing to subscribe whether absolutely or conditionally for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the lodgement of fully or partly paid-up Shares or partly in one way and partly in the other. The Company may also pay such brokerage as may be lawful on any issue of Shares.

12. 

The Directors may refuse to accept any application for Shares, and may accept any application in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason.

MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS

13. 

Whenever the capital of the Company is divided into different Classes (and as otherwise determined by the Directors) the rights attached to any such Class may, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any Class only be materially adversely varied or abrogated with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued Shares of the relevant Class, or with the sanction of a resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of such Class by a majority of two-thirds of the votes cast at such a meeting. To every such separate meeting all the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings of the Company or to the proceedings thereat shall, mutatis mutandis, apply, except that the necessary quorum shall be one or more Persons at least holding or representing by proxy one-third in nominal or par value amount of the issued Shares of the relevant Class (but so that if at any adjourned meeting of such holders a quorum as above defined is not present, those Shareholders who are present shall form a quorum) and that, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to the Shares of that Class, every Shareholder of the Class shall on a poll have one vote for each Share of the Class held by him or her. For the purposes of this Article the Directors may treat all the Classes or any two or more Classes as forming one Class if they consider that all such Classes would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate Classes. The Directors may vary the rights attaching to any Class without the consent or approval of Shareholders; provided that the rights will not, in the determination of the Directors, be materially adversely varied or abrogated by such action.

5

14. 

The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any Class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to the Shares of that Class, be deemed to be materially adversely varied or abrogated by, inter alia, the creation, allotment or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with or subsequent to them or Shares with preferred rights or the redemption or purchase of any Shares of any Class by the Company.

CERTIFICATES

15. 

If so determined by the Directors, any Person whose name is entered as a member in the Register may receive a certificate in the form determined by the Directors. All certificates shall specify the Share or Shares held by that person and the amount paid up thereon; provided that in respect of a Share or Shares held jointly by several persons the Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate, and delivery of a certificate for a Share to one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all. All certificates for Shares shall be delivered personally or sent through the post addressed to the member entitled thereto at the Member's registered address as appearing in the Register.

16. 

Every share certificate of the Company shall bear legends required under the applicable laws, including the Exchange Act.

17. 

Any two or more certificates representing Shares of any one Class held by any Member may at the Member's request be cancelled and a single new certificate for such Shares issued in lieu on payment (if the Directors shall so require) of $1.00 or such smaller sum as the Directors shall determine.

18. 

If a share certificate shall be damaged or defaced or alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, a new certificate representing the same Shares may be issued to the relevant Member upon request subject to delivery of the old certificate or (if alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed) compliance with such conditions as to evidence and indemnity and the payment of out-of-pocket expenses of the Company in connection with the request as the Directors may think fit.

19. 

In the event that Shares are held jointly by several persons, any request may be made by any one of the joint holders and if so made shall be binding on all of the joint holders.

FRACTIONAL SHARES

20. 

Subject to Article 21, the Directors may issue fractions of a Share and, if so issued, a fraction of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to nominal or par value, premium, contributions, calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights (including, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, voting and participation rights) and other attributes of a whole Share. If more than one fraction of a Share of the same Class is issued to or acquired by the same Shareholder such fractions shall be accumulated.

6

21. 

No fractional Shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a Share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

LIEN

22. 

The Company has a first and paramount lien on every Share (whether or not fully paid) for all amounts (whether presently payable or not) payable at a fixed time or called in respect of that Share. The Company also has a first and paramount lien on every Share (whether or not fully paid) registered in the name of a Person indebted or under liability to the Company (whether he or she is the sole registered holder of a Share or one of two or more joint holders) for all amounts owing by him or her or his or her estate to the Company (whether or not presently payable). The Directors may at any time declare a Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The Company's lien on a Share extends to any amount payable in respect of it.

23. 

The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors may determine, any Share on which the Company has a lien, but no sale shall be made unless an amount in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable nor until the expiration of 14 days after a notice in writing, demanding payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, has been given to the registered holder for the time being of the Share, or the Persons entitled thereto by reason of his or her death or bankruptcy.

24. 

For giving effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise some Person to transfer the Shares sold to the purchaser thereof. The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer and he or she shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his or her title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the sale.

25. 

The proceeds of the sale after deduction of expenses, fees and commission incurred by the Company shall be received by the Company and applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares prior to the sale) be paid to the Person entitled to the Shares immediately prior to the sale.

CALLS ON SHARES

26. 

Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may from time to time make calls upon the Shareholders in respect of any moneys unpaid on their Shares, and each Shareholder shall (subject to receiving at least 14 days' notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on such Shares.

27. 

The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay calls in respect thereof.

28. 

If a sum called in respect of a Share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof, the Person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest upon the sum at the rate of eight percent per annum from the day appointed for the payment thereof to the time of the actual payment, but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of that interest wholly or in part.

29. 

The provisions of these Articles as to the liability of joint holders and as to payment of interest shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the amount of the Share, or by way of premium, as if the same had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

7

30. 

The Directors may make arrangements on the issue of partly paid Shares for a difference between the Shareholders, or the particular Shares, in the amount of calls to be paid and in the times of payment.

31. 

The Directors may, if they think fit, receive from any Shareholder willing to advance the same all or any part of the moneys uncalled and unpaid upon any partly paid Shares held by him or her, and upon all or any of the moneys so advanced may (until the same would, but for such advance, become presently payable) pay interest at such rate (not exceeding without the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution, eight percent per annum) as may be agreed upon between the Shareholder paying the sum in advance and the Directors.

FORFEITURE OF SHARES

32. 

If a Shareholder fails to pay any call or instalment of a call in respect of any Shares on the day appointed for payment, the Directors may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of such call or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him or her requiring payment of so much of the call or instalment as is unpaid, together with any interest which may have accrued.

33. 

The notice shall name a further day (not earlier than the expiration of 14 days from the date of the notice) on or before which the payment required by the notice is to be made, and shall state that in the event of non-payment at or before the time appointed the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

34. 

If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with, any Share in respect of which the notice has been given may at any time thereafter, before the payment required by notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors to that effect.

35. 

A forfeited Share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit, and at any time before a sale or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit.

36. 

A Person whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Shareholder in respect of the forfeited Shares, but shall, notwithstanding, remain liable to pay to the Company all moneys which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him or her to the Company in respect of the Shares forfeited, but his or her liability shall cease if and when the Company receives payment in full of the amount unpaid on the Shares forfeited.

37. 

A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director, and that a Share has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts in the declaration as against all Persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. 

38. 

The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for a Share on any sale or disposition thereof pursuant to the provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture and may execute a transfer of the Share in favour of the Person to whom the Share is sold or disposed of and that Person shall be registered as the holder of the Share, and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his or her title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the disposition or sale.

39. 

The provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which by the terms of issue of a Share becomes due and payable, whether on account of the amount of the Share, or by way of premium, as if the same had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

8

TRANSFER OF SHARES

40. 

Subject to these Articles and the rules or regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or any relevant rules of the SEC or securities laws (including, but not limited to the Exchange Act), a Shareholder may transfer all or any of his or her Shares. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such right, option or warrant.

41. 

The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in (i) any usual or common form; (ii) such form as is prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange; or (iii) in any other form the Directors may determine and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (or otherwise as prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange) and if in respect of a nil or partly paid up Share, or if so required by the Directors, shall also be executed on behalf of the transferee and shall be accompanied by the certificate (if any) of the Shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer. The transferor shall be deemed to remain a Shareholder until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register in respect of the relevant Shares.

42. 

Subject to the terms of issue thereof and the rules or regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or any relevant rules of the SEC or securities laws (including, but not limited to the Exchange Act), the Directors may determine to decline to register any transfer of Shares without assigning any reason therefor.

43. 

The registration of transfers may be suspended at such times and for such periods as the Directors may from time to time determine.

44. 

All instruments of transfer that are registered shall be retained by the Company, but any instrument of transfer that the Directors decline to register shall (except in any case of fraud) be returned to the Person depositing the same.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

45. 

The legal personal representative of a deceased sole holder of a Share shall be the only Person recognised by the Company as having any title to the Share. In the case of a Share registered in the name of two or more holders, the survivors or survivor, or the legal personal representatives of the deceased holder of the Share, shall be the only Person recognised by the Company as having any title to the Share.

46. 

Any Person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder shall upon such evidence being produced as may from time to time be required by the Directors, have the right either to be registered as a Shareholder in respect of the Share or, instead of being registered himself or herself, to make such transfer of the Share as the deceased or bankrupt Person could have made; but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the deceased or bankrupt Person before the death or bankruptcy.

47. 

A Person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he or she would be entitled if he or she were the registered Shareholder, except that he or she shall not, before being registered as a Shareholder in respect of the Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company.

9

ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL

48. 

The Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase the share capital by such sum, to be divided into Shares of such Classes and amount, as the resolution shall prescribe.

49. 

The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) 

consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of a larger amount than its existing Shares;

(b) 

convert all or any of its paid up Shares into stock and reconvert that stock into paid up Shares of any denomination;

(c) 

subdivide its existing Shares, or any of them into Shares of a smaller amount; provided that in the subdivision the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall be the same as it was in case of the Share from which the reduced Share is derived; and

(d) 

cancel any Shares that, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any Person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

50. 

The Company may by Special Resolution reduce its share capital and any capital redemption reserve in any manner authorised by law.

REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES

51. 

Subject to the Companies Act and the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company may:

(a) 

issue Shares on terms that they are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Company or the Shareholder on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may determine;

(b) 

purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may determine and agree with the Shareholder;

(c) 

make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by the Companies Act, including out of its capital; and

(d) 

accept the surrender for no consideration of any paid up Share (including any redeemable Share) on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may determine.

52. 

With respect to redeeming, repurchasing or the surrender of Shares:

(a) 

Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in Articles 154 and 156;

(b) 

certain Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full; and

(c) 

Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article 150(b).

10

53. 

Any Share in respect of which notice of redemption has been given shall not be entitled to participate in the profits of the Company in respect of the period after the date specified as the date of redemption in the notice of redemption.

54. 

The redemption, purchase or surrender of any Share shall not be deemed to give rise to the redemption, purchase or surrender of any other Share.

55. 

The Directors may when making payments in respect of redemption or purchase of Shares, if authorised by the terms of issue of the Shares being redeemed or purchased or with the agreement of the holder of such Shares, make such payment either in cash or in specie including, without limitation, interests in a special purpose vehicle holding assets of the Company or holding entitlement to the proceeds of assets held by the Company or in a liquidating structure.

TREASURY SHARES

56. 

Shares that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires (by way of surrender or otherwise) may, at the option of the Company, be cancelled immediately or held as Treasury Shares in accordance with the Companies Act. In the event that the Directors do not specify that the relevant Shares are to be held as Treasury Shares, such Shares shall be cancelled.

57. 

No dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise) of the Company's assets (including any distribution of assets to Members on a winding up) may be declared or paid in respect of a Treasury Share.

58. 

The Company shall be entered in the Register as the holder of the Treasury Shares; provided that:

(a) 

the Company shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in respect of the Treasury Shares, and any purported exercise of such a right shall be void;

(b) 

a Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall not be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Companies Act, save that an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share is permitted and Shares allotted as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a treasury share shall be treated as Treasury Shares.

59. 

Treasury Shares may be disposed of by the Company on such terms and conditions as determined by the Directors.

GENERAL MEETINGS

60. 

The Directors may, whenever they think fit, convene a general meeting of the Company and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings except as provided in Article 63.

61. 

For so long as the Company's Shares are traded on a Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting at such time and place (including any Electronic Facility) as may be determined by the Directors in accordance with the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, unless such Designated Stock Exchange does not require the holding of an annual general meeting.

62. 

The Directors may cancel or postpone any duly convened general meeting for any reason or for no reason at any time prior to the time for holding such meeting or, if the meeting is adjourned, the time for holding such adjourned meeting. The Directors shall make a public announcement of any cancellation or postponement or otherwise provide notice to Shareholders of any cancellation or postponement. A postponement may be for a stated period of any length or indefinitely as the Directors may determine.

11

63. 

If at any time there are no Directors, any two Shareholders (or if there is only one Shareholder then that Shareholder) entitled to vote at general meetings of the Company may convene a general meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which general meetings may be convened by the Directors.

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS

64. 

At least five clear days' notice in writing counting from the date service is deemed to take place as provided in these Articles specifying the place (including any Electronic Facility), the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business, shall be given in the manner hereinafter provided or in such other manner (if any) as may be prescribed by the Company by Ordinary Resolution to such Persons as are, under these Articles, entitled to receive such notices from the Company, but with the consent of all the Shareholders entitled to receive notice of some particular meeting and attend and vote thereat, that meeting may be convened by such shorter notice or without notice and in such manner as those Shareholders may think fit.

65. 

The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to or the non-receipt of a notice of a meeting by any Shareholder shall not invalidate the proceedings at any meeting.

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

66. 

All business carried out at a general meeting shall be deemed special with the exception of sanctioning a dividend, the consideration of the accounts, balance sheets, any report of the Directors or of the Company's auditors, and the fixing of the remuneration of the Company's auditors. No special business shall be transacted at any general meeting without the consent of all Shareholders entitled to receive notice of that meeting unless notice of such special business has been given in the notice convening that meeting.

67. 

No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of Shareholders is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. One or more Shareholders holding a majority of the paid up voting share capital of the Company present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at that meeting shall form a quorum.

68. 

If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened upon the requisition of Shareholders, shall be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week, at the same time and place, or to such other day, time and/or place (including any Electronic Facility) as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting the Shareholder or Shareholders present and entitled to vote shall form a quorum.

69. 

If the Directors wish to make this facility available for a specific general meeting or all general meetings of the Company, participation in any general meeting of the Company may be by means of any Electronic Facility, a telephone or similar communication equipment by way of which all Persons participating in such meeting can communicate with each other and such participation shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting.

70. 

The Directors may, at any time prior to the general meeting appoint any Person to act as chairperson of the general meeting. If the Directors do not make any such appointment then the chairperson of the board of Directors (if any) shall preside as chairperson of the general meeting. If such chairperson is unable or unwilling to preside as chairperson of a general meeting, the Directors present shall elect a Director to preside as chairperson of that general meeting.

12

71. 

If the chairperson elected by the Directors is not present or is unwilling to act and no Director is present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the general meeting to commence, the Shareholders present in person or by proxy shall choose any Person present to be chairperson of that meeting.

72. 

The chairperson may adjourn a meeting from time to time and from place to place (including any Electronic Facility) either:

(a) 

with the consent of any general meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting); or

(b) 

without the consent of such meeting if, in his or her sole opinion, he or she considers it necessary to do so to:

(i) 

secure the orderly conduct or proceedings of the meeting; or

(ii) 

give all persons present in person or by proxy and having the right to speak and/or vote at such meeting, the ability to do so,

but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a meeting, or adjourned meeting, is adjourned for 14 days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given in the manner provided for the original meeting. Save as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.

73. 

A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll in such manner as the chairperson directs and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting.

74. 

In the case of an equality of votes, the chairperson of the meeting shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

VOTES OF SHAREHOLDERS

75. 

Except as otherwise provided in these Articles and subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Share, every Shareholder present in person and every Person representing a Shareholder by proxy shall, at a general meeting of the Company, have one vote for each Share of which he or she or the Person represented by proxy is the holder.

76. 

In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior who tenders a vote whether in person or by proxy shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register.

77. 

A Shareholder of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote in respect of Shares carrying the right to vote held by him or her, by his or her committee, or other Person in the nature of a committee appointed by that court, and any such committee or other Person, may vote in respect of such Shares by proxy.

78. 

No Shareholder shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting of the Company unless all calls, if any, or other sums presently payable by him or her in respect of Shares carrying the right to vote held by him or her have been paid.

79. 

On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy.

13

80. 

The instrument appointing a proxy shall be either: (i) in writing under the hand of the appointor or of his or her duly authorised attorney or, if the appointor is a corporation, either under Seal or under the hand of an Officer or attorney duly authorised; or (ii) given in such other manner as described in any form of proxy provided by the Company. A proxy need not be a Shareholder.

81. 

An instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form or such other form as the Directors may approve.

82. 

The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited at the Office or at such other place as is specified for that purpose in the notice convening the meeting no later than the time specified in the notice convening the general meeting or, if no such time is specified, no later than the time for holding the meeting or, if the meeting is adjourned, the time for holding such adjourned meeting.

83. 

A resolution in writing signed by all the Shareholders for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company (or being corporations by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the same had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

CORPORATIONS ACTING BY REPRESENTATIVES AT MEETINGS

84. 

Any corporation which is a Shareholder or a Director may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such Person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any meeting of holders of a Class or of the Directors or of a committee of Directors, and the Person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he or she represents as that corporation could exercise if it were an individual Shareholder or Director.

CLEARING HOUSES

85. 

If a clearing house (or its nominee) is a Member of the Company it may authorise such person or persons as it thinks fit to act as its representative or representatives at any general meeting of the Company or at any general meeting of any Class of Members of the Company; provided that, if more than one person is so authorised, the authorisation shall specify the number and Class of Shares in respect of which each such person is so authorised. A person so authorised pursuant to this Article shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee) which he or she represents as that clearing house (or its nominee) could exercise if it were an individual Member holding the number and Class of Shares specified in such authorisation.

DIRECTORS

86. 

The Company may by Ordinary Resolution from time to time fix the maximum and minimum number of Directors to be appointed but unless such numbers are fixed as aforesaid the minimum number of Directors shall be one and the maximum number of Directors shall be unlimited. The remuneration of the Directors may be determined by the Directors.

87. 

There shall be no shareholding qualification for Directors.

88. 

For so long as the Company's Shares are traded on a Designated Stock Exchange, the Directors shall be divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the board of Directors. At the first annual general meeting of Members after the IPO, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the second annual general meeting of Members after the IPO, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the third annual general meeting of Members after the IPO, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At each succeeding annual general meeting of Members, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual general meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall hold office until the expiration of his or her term and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.

14

89. 

The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director; provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors. Any Director appointed in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of Directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until such Director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, death or removal. When the number of Directors is increased or decreased, the board of Directors shall determine the class or classes to which the increased or decreased number of Directors shall be apportioned; provided, however, that no decrease in the number of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.

ALTERNATE DIRECTOR

90. 

Any Director may in writing appoint another Person to be his or her alternate and, save to the extent provided otherwise in the form of appointment, such alternate shall have authority to sign written resolutions on behalf of the appointing Director, but shall not be authorised to sign such written resolutions where they have been signed by the appointing Director, and to act in such Director's place at any meeting of the Directors. Every such alternate shall be entitled to attend and vote at meetings of the Directors as the alternate of the Director appointing him or her and where he or she is a Director to have a separate vote in addition to his or her own vote. A Director may at any time in writing revoke the appointment of an alternate appointed by him or her. Such alternate shall not be an Officer solely as a result of his or her appointment as an alternate other than in respect of such times as the alternate acts as a Director. The remuneration of such alternate shall be payable out of the remuneration of the Director appointing him or her and the proportion thereof shall be agreed between them.

POWERS AND DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

91. 

Subject to the Companies Act, these Articles and to any resolutions passed in a general meeting, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors, who may pay all expenses incurred in setting up and registering the Company and may exercise all powers of the Company. No resolution passed by the Company in general meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors that would have been valid if that resolution had not been passed.

92. 

The Directors may from time to time appoint any Person, whether or not a Director to hold such office in the Company as the Directors may think necessary for the administration of the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any chairperson (or co-chairperson) of the board of Directors, one or more chief executive officers, presidents, a chief financial officer, chief operating officer, vice-presidents, a treasurer or any other Officers as may be determined by the Directors), and for such term and at such remuneration (whether by way of salary or commission or participation in profits or partly in one way and partly in another), and with such powers and duties as the Directors may think fit. Any Person so appointed by the Directors may be removed by the Directors.

93. 

The Directors may appoint any Person to be a Secretary (and if need be an assistant Secretary or assistant Secretaries) who shall hold office for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions and with such powers as they think fit. Any Secretary or assistant Secretary so appointed by the Directors may be removed by the Directors.

15

94. 

The Directors may delegate any of their powers to committees consisting of such member or members of their body as they think fit; any committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Directors.

95. 

The Directors may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney (whether under Seal or under hand) or otherwise appoint any company, firm or Person or body of Persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or attorneys or authorised signatory (any such person being an "Attorney" or "Authorised Signatory", respectively) of the Company for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretion (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such power of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of Persons dealing with any such Attorney or Authorised Signatory as the Directors may think fit, and may also authorise any such Attorney or Authorised Signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretion vested in him or her.

96. 

The Directors may from time to time provide for the management of the affairs of the Company in such manner as they shall think fit and the provisions contained in the three next following Articles shall not limit the general powers conferred by this Article.

97. 

The Directors from time to time and at any time may establish any committees, local boards or agencies for managing any of the affairs of the Company and may appoint any Person to be a member of such committees or local boards and may appoint any managers or agents of the Company and may fix the remuneration of any such Person.

98. 

The Directors from time to time and at any time may delegate to any such committee, local board, manager or agent any of the powers, authorities and discretions for the time being vested in the Directors and may authorise the members for the time being of any such local board, or any of them to fill any vacancies therein and to act notwithstanding vacancies and any such appointment or delegation may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Directors may think fit and the Directors may at any time remove any Person so appointed and may annul or vary any such delegation, but no Person dealing in good faith and without notice of any such annulment or variation shall be affected thereby.

99. 

Any such delegates as aforesaid may be authorised by the Directors to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities, and discretion for the time being vested in them.

100. 

The Directors may agree with a Shareholder to waive or modify the terms applicable to such Shareholder's subscription for Shares without obtaining the consent of any other Shareholder; provided that such waiver or modification does not amount to a variation or abrogation of the rights attaching to the Shares of such other Shareholders.

101. 

The Directors shall have the authority to present a winding up petition on behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution passed by the Company in general meeting.

BORROWING POWERS OF DIRECTORS

102. 

The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital or any part thereof, or to otherwise provide for a security interest to be taken in such undertaking, property or uncalled capital, and to issue debentures, debenture stock and other securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

16

THE SEAL

103. 

The Seal shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Directors; provided that such authority may be given prior to or after the affixing of the Seal and if given after may be in general form confirming a number of affixings of the Seal. The Seal shall be affixed in the presence of a Director or a Secretary (or an assistant Secretary) or in the presence of any one or more Persons as the Directors may appoint for the purpose and every Person as aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which the Seal is so affixed in their presence.

104. 

The Company may maintain a facsimile of the Seal in such countries or places as the Directors may appoint and such facsimile Seal shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Directors; provided that such authority may be given prior to or after the affixing of such facsimile Seal and if given after may be in general form confirming a number of affixings of such facsimile Seal. The facsimile Seal shall be affixed in the presence of such Person or Persons as the Directors shall for this purpose appoint and such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which the facsimile Seal is so affixed in their presence and such affixing of the facsimile Seal and signing as aforesaid shall have the same meaning and effect as if the Seal had been affixed in the presence of and the instrument signed by a Director or a Secretary (or an assistant Secretary) or in the presence of any one or more Persons as the Directors may appoint for the purpose.

105. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Secretary or any assistant Secretary shall have the authority to affix the Seal, or the facsimile Seal, to any instrument for the purposes of attesting authenticity of the matter contained therein but which does not create any obligation binding on the Company.

DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

106. 

The office of Director shall be vacated, if the Director:

(a) 

becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his or her creditors;

(b) 

dies or is found to be or becomes of unsound mind;

(c) 

resigns his or her office by notice in writing to the Company;

(d) 

is removed from office by Special Resolution of all Shareholders entitled to vote; or

(e) 

is removed from office pursuant to any other provision of these Articles.

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS

107. 

The Directors may meet together (either within or outside the Cayman Islands) for the dispatch of business, adjourn, and otherwise regulate their meetings and proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In case of an equality of votes the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote. A Director may, and a Secretary or assistant Secretary on the requisition of a Director shall, at any time summon a meeting of the Directors.

108. 

A Director may participate in any meeting of the Directors, or of any committee appointed by the Directors of which such Director is a member, by means of telephone or similar communication equipment by way of which all Persons participating in such meeting can communicate with each other and such participation shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting.

109. 

The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed, if there be two or more Directors the quorum shall be two, and if there be one Director the quorum shall be one. A Director represented by an alternate Director at any meeting shall be deemed to be present for the purposes of determining whether or not a quorum is present.

17

110. 

A Director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or proposed contract with the Company shall declare the nature of his or her interest at a meeting of the Directors. A general notice given to the Directors by any Director to the effect that he or she is to be regarded as interested in any contract or other arrangement which may thereafter be made with that company or firm shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of interest in regard to any contract so made. A Director may vote in respect of any contract or proposed contract or arrangement notwithstanding that he or she may be interested therein and if he or she does so his or her vote shall be counted and he or she may be counted in the quorum at any meeting of the Directors at which any such contract or proposed contract or arrangement shall come before the meeting for consideration.

111. 

A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of auditor) in conjunction with his or her office of Director for such period and on such terms (as to remuneration and otherwise) as the Directors may determine and no Director or intending Director shall be disqualified by his or her office from contracting with the Company either with regard to his or her tenure of any such other office or place of profit or as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director is in any way interested, be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by any such contract or arrangement by reason of such Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relation thereby established. A Director, notwithstanding his or her interest, may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting of the Directors whereat he or she or any other Director is appointed to hold any such office or place of profit under the Company or whereat the terms of any such appointment are arranged and he or she may vote on any such appointment or arrangement.

112. 

Any Director may act by himself or herself or his or her firm in a professional capacity for the Company, and he or she or his or her firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he or she were not a Director; provided that nothing herein contained shall authorise a Director or his or her firm to act as auditor to the Company.

113. 

The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books or loose-leaf folders provided for the purpose of recording:

(a) 

all appointments of Officers made by the Directors;

(b) 

the names of the Directors present at each meeting of the Directors and of any committee of the Directors; and

(c) 

all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the Company, and of the Directors and of committees of Directors.

114. 

When the chairperson of a meeting of the Directors signs the minutes of such meeting the same shall be deemed to have been duly held notwithstanding that all the Directors have not actually come together or that there may have been a technical defect in the proceedings.

115. 

A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of Directors entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Directors or committee of Directors, as the case may be (an alternate Director, subject as provided otherwise in the terms of appointment of the alternate Director, being entitled to sign such a resolution on behalf of his or her appointer), shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a duly called and constituted meeting of Directors or committee of Directors, as the case may be. When signed a resolution may consist of several documents each signed by one or more of the Directors or his or her duly appointed alternate.

18

116. 

The continuing Directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body but if and for so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to these Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors, the continuing Directors may act for the purpose of increasing the number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

117. 

The Directors may elect a chairperson of their meetings and determine the period for which he or she is to hold office but if no such chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the chairperson is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

118. 

Subject to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors, a committee appointed by the Directors may elect a chairperson of its meetings. If no such chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the chairperson is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the committee members present may choose one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

119. 

A committee appointed by the Directors may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. Subject to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors, questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes of the committee members present and in case of an equality of votes the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote.

120. 

All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of Directors, or by any Person acting as a Director, shall notwithstanding that it be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any such Director or Person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every such Person had been duly appointed and was qualified to be a Director.

DIVIDENDS

121. 

Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Shares, or as otherwise provided for in the Companies Act and these Articles, the Directors may from time to time declare dividends (including interim dividends) and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the same out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor.

122. 

Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Shares, the Company by Ordinary Resolution may declare dividends, but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the Directors.

123. 

The Directors may determine, before recommending or declaring any dividend, to set aside out of the funds legally available for distribution such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall be applicable for meeting contingencies, or for equalising dividends or for any other purpose to which those funds may be properly applied and pending such application may, at the determination of the Directors, either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested in such investments as the Directors may from time to time think fit.

124. 

Any dividend may be paid in any manner as the Directors may determine. If paid by cheque it will be sent through the post to the registered address of the Shareholder or Person entitled thereto, or in the case of joint holders, to any one of such joint holders at his or her registered address or to such Person and such address as the Shareholder or Person entitled, or such joint holders as the case may be, may direct. Every such cheque shall be made payable to the order of the Person to whom it is sent or to the order of such other Person as the Shareholder or Person entitled, or such joint holders as the case may be, may direct.

19

125. 

The Directors when paying dividends to the Shareholders in accordance with the foregoing provisions of these Articles may make such payment either in cash or in specie and may determine the extent to which amounts may be withheld therefrom (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees, expenses or other liabilities for which a Shareholder (or the Company, as a result of any action or inaction of the Shareholder) is liable).

126. 

Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Shares, all dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid up on the Shares, but if and for so long as nothing is paid up on any of the Shares dividends may be declared and paid according to the par value of the Shares.

127. 

If several Persons are registered as joint holders of any Share, any of them may give effectual receipts for any dividend or other moneys payable on or in respect of the Share.

128. 

No dividend shall bear interest against the Company.

ACCOUNTS, AUDIT AND ANNUAL RETURN AND DECLARATION

129. 

The books of account relating to the Company's affairs shall be kept in such manner as may be determined from time to time by the Directors.

130. 

The books of account shall be kept at the Office, or at such other place or places as the Directors think fit, and shall always be open to the inspection of the Directors.

131. 

The Directors may from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Shareholders not being Directors, and no Shareholder (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Directors or by Ordinary Resolution.

132. 

The accounts relating to the Company's affairs shall only be audited if the Directors so determine, in which case the financial year end and the accounting principles will be determined by the Directors. The financial year of the Company shall end on 31 December of each year or such other date as the Directors may determine.

133. 

Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Directors shall establish and maintain an audit committee (the "Audit Committee") as a committee of the board of Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange.

134. 

The Directors in each year shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, an annual return and declaration setting forth the particulars required by the Companies Act and deliver a copy thereof to the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands.

CAPITALISATION OF RESERVES

135. 

Subject to the Companies Act and these Articles, the Directors may:

(a) 

resolve to capitalise an amount standing to the credit of reserves (including a Share Premium Account, capital redemption reserve and profit and loss account), whether or not available for distribution;

20

(b) 

appropriate the sum resolved to be capitalised to the Shareholders in proportion to the nominal amount of Shares (whether or not fully paid) held by them respectively and apply that sum on their behalf in or towards:

(i) 

paying up the amounts (if any) for the time being unpaid on Shares held by them respectively, or

(ii) 

paying up in full unissued Shares or debentures of a nominal amount equal to that sum,

and allot the Shares or debentures, credited as fully paid, to the Shareholders (or as they may direct) in those proportions, or partly in one way and partly in the other, but the Share Premium Account, the capital redemption reserve and profits which are not available for distribution may, for the purposes of this Article, only be applied in paying up unissued Shares to be allotted to Shareholders credited as fully paid;

(c) 

make any arrangements they think fit to resolve a difficulty arising in the distribution of a capitalised reserve and in particular, without limitation, where Shares or debentures become distributable in fractions the Directors may deal with the fractions as they think fit;

(d) 

authorise a Person to enter (on behalf of all the Shareholders concerned) into an agreement with the Company providing for either:

(i) 

the allotment to the Shareholders respectively, credited as fully paid, of Shares or debentures to which they may be entitled on the capitalisation, or

(ii) 

the payment by the Company on behalf of the Shareholders (by the application of their respective proportions of the reserves resolved to be capitalised) of the amounts or part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing Shares,

and any such agreement made under this authority being effective and binding on all those Shareholders; and

(e) 

generally do all acts and things required to give effect to any of the actions contemplated by this Article.

SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT

136. 

The Directors shall in accordance with the Companies Act establish a Share Premium Account and shall carry to the credit of such account from time to time a sum equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share.

137. 

There shall be debited to any Share Premium Account on the redemption or purchase of a Share the difference between the nominal value of such Share and the redemption or purchase price; provided that at the determination of the Directors such sum may be paid out of the profits of the Company or, if permitted by the Companies Act, out of capital.

NOTICES

138. 

Any notice or document may be served by the Company or by the Person entitled to give notice to any Shareholder either personally, or by sending it by post or courier service in a prepaid letter addressed to such Shareholder at his or her address as appearing in the Register, or by electronic mail, or by facsimile should the Directors deem it appropriate. Notice may also be served by electronic communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company's website. In the case of joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to that one of the joint holders whose name stands first in the Register in respect of the joint holding, and notice so given shall be sufficient notice to all the joint holders.

21

139. 

Any Shareholder present, either personally or by proxy, at any meeting of the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have received due notice of such meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for which such meeting was convened.

140. 

Any notice or other document, if served by:

(a) 

post, shall be deemed to have been served five clear days after the time when the letter containing the same is posted;

(b) 

facsimile, shall be deemed to have been served upon production by the transmitting facsimile machine of a report confirming transmission of the facsimile in full to the facsimile number of the recipient;

(c) 

courier service, shall be deemed to have been served 48 hours after the time when the letter containing the same is delivered to the courier service;

(d) 

electronic mail or other electronic communication (such as transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the SEC) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors), shall be deemed to have been served immediately upon the time of the transmission by electronic mail or approved electronic communication, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; or

(e) 

placing it on the Company's website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company's website.

In proving service by post or courier service it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice or documents was properly addressed and duly posted or delivered to the courier service.

141. 

Any notice or document delivered or sent in accordance with the terms of these Articles shall notwithstanding that such Shareholder be then dead or bankrupt, and whether or not the Company has notice of his or her death or bankruptcy, be deemed to have been duly served in respect of any Share registered in the name of such Shareholder as sole or joint holder, unless his or her name shall at the time of the service of the notice or document, have been removed from the Register as the holder of the Share, and such service shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient service of such notice or document on all Persons interested (whether jointly with or as claiming through or under him or her) in the Share.

142. 

Notice of every general meeting of the Company shall be given to:

(a) 

all Shareholders holding Shares with the right to receive notice and who have supplied to the Company an address for the giving of notices to them; and

(b) 

every Person entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder, who but for his or her death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting.

No other Person shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

22

INDEMNITY

143. 

To the fullest extent permitted by law, every Director (including for the purposes of this Article any alternate Director appointed pursuant to the provisions of these Articles), Secretary, assistant Secretary, or other Officer (but not including the Company's auditors) and the personal representatives of the same (each an "Indemnified Person") shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and funds of the Company against all actions or proceedings whether threatened, pending or completed (a "Proceeding"), costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by such Indemnified Person, other than by reason of such Indemnified Person's own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, (i) in or about the conduct of the Company's business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of judgment), (ii) arising as a consequence of such Indemnified Person becoming aware of any business opportunity and failing to present such business opportunity to the Company or otherwise taking any of the actions or omitting to take any of the actions permitted by the Articles under the heading "Business Opportunities", (iii) in the execution or discharge of his or her duties, powers, authorities or discretions, or (iv) in respect of any actions or activities undertaken by an Indemnified Person provided for and in accordance with the provisions set out above (inclusive) including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by such Indemnified Person in defending or otherwise being involved in, (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings concerning the Company or its affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere. Each Member agrees to waive any claim or right of action he or she might have, whether individually or by or in the right of the Company, against any Director on account of any action taken by such Director, or the failure of such Director to take any action in the performance of his or her duties with or for the Company; provided that such waiver shall not extend to any matter in respect of any actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect which may attach to such Director.

144. 

No Indemnified Person shall be liable:

(a) 

for the acts, receipts, neglects, defaults or omissions of any other Director or Officer or agent of the Company; or

(b) 

for any loss on account of defect of title to any property of the Company; or

(c) 

on account of the insufficiency of any security in or upon which any money of the Company shall be invested; or

(d) 

for any loss incurred through any bank, broker or other similar Person; or

(e) 

for any loss occasioned by any negligence, default, breach of duty, breach of trust, error of judgement or oversight on such Indemnified Person's part; or

(f) 

for any liability, obligation or duty to the Company that may arise as a consequence of such Indemnified Person becoming aware of any business opportunity and failing to present such business opportunity to the Company or otherwise taking any of the actions or omitting to take any of the actions permitted by the Articles under the heading "Business Opportunities"; or

(g) 

for any loss, damage or misfortune whatsoever which may happen in or arise from the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities, or discretions of such Indemnified Person's office or in relation thereto;

unless the same shall happen through such Indemnified Person's own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.

23

145. 

The Company will pay the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Indemnified Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified under these Articles or otherwise.

146. 

The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer of the Company against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

147. 

The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any Indemnified Person as set out above will not be exclusive of any other rights that any Indemnified Person may have or hereafter acquire pursuant to an agreement with the Company or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses set out above will be contract rights and such rights will continue as to an Indemnified Person who has ceased to be a Director or Officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.

NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS

148. 

Subject to the proviso hereto, no Person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any Share upon any trust and the Company shall not, unless required by law, be bound by or be compelled in any way to recognise (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share or (except only as otherwise provided by these Articles or as the Companies Act requires) any other right in respect of any Share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in each Shareholder registered in the Register; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled to recognise any such interests as shall be determined by the Directors.

BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS

149. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, the Articles under this heading "Business Combination Requirements" shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of any Business Combination and the distribution of the Trust Fund pursuant to Article 156(a). In the event of a conflict between the Articles under this heading "Business Combination Requirements" and any other Articles, the provisions of the Articles under this heading "Business Combination Requirements" shall prevail.

150. 

Prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) 

submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) 

provide Members with the opportunity to have their Public Shares redeemed or repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Fund, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Company's initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Fund (net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of Public Shares then in issue;.

151. 

If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act.

24

152. 

If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and will file such proxy materials with the SEC.

153. 

At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to these Articles the Company shall be authorised to consummate a Business Combination by Ordinary Resolution.

154. 

Any Member holding Public Shares may, contemporaneously with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash (the "IPO Redemption"); provided that no such Member acting together with any affiliate or any other person with whom such Member is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than an aggregate of 15.0% of the Public Shares without the consent of the Company; provided further that any holder that holds Public Shares beneficially through a nominee must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. In connection with any vote held to approve a proposed Business Combination, holders of Public Shares seeking to exercise their redemption rights will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to the Company's transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company's DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder's option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve a Business Combination. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he or she is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Fund calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Fund (net of taxes paid or payable, if any) divided by the number of Public Shares then in issue (such redemption price being referred to herein as the "Redemption Price").

155. 

The Redemption Price shall be paid promptly following the consummation of the relevant Business Combination. If the proposed Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason then such redemptions shall be cancelled and share certificates (if any) returned to the relevant Members as appropriate.

156. 

(a) In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the Completion Window, or such earlier date as the board of Directors may approve, the Company shall: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Fund, including interest earned on the Trust Fund (net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 to pay winding up and dissolution expenses), divided by the number of Public Shares then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members' rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company's remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of sub-articles (ii) and (iii), to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

(b) If any amendment is made: (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to provide holders of Public Shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions of the Articles relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, each holder of Public Shares shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Fund, including interest earned on (net of taxes payable) divided by the number of Public Shares then in issue.

25

157. 

Except for funds withdrawn to pay taxes and up to $100,000 to pay winding up and dissolution expenses, none of the funds held in the Trust Fund shall be released from the Trust Fund until the earlier of an IPO Redemption pursuant to Article 155, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to Article 150(b), a distribution of the Trust Fund pursuant to Article 156(a) or an amendment under Article 156(b). In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Fund.

158. 

After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to or in connection with the Company's initial Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the Trust Fund; or (ii) vote as a class with the holders of Public Shares (a) on any Business Combination or (b) on any amendment to the Articles.

159. 

The Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Fund (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Fund) at the time of the Company's signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. An initial Business Combination must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. In the event the Company enters into a Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with the Sponsor, Officers or Directors, the Company, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

160. 

A Director may vote in respect of any Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

161. 

The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

162. 

Subject to Article 159 above, the Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with the Sponsor, the Directors or Officers of the Company if such transaction is approved by a majority of the independent directors (as defined pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange) and the directors that did not have an interest in such transaction.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

163. 

In recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors, managers, officers, members, partners, managing members, employees and/or agents of one or more other organizations, including members of the Investor Group (each of the foregoing, an "Officer and Director Related Person") may serve as Directors and/or Officers of the Company; and (b) such organizations (the "Officer and Director Related Entities") and the Investor Group engage, and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, the Articles under this heading "Business Opportunities" are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve the Members and the Officer and Director Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Company and its Officers, Directors and Members in connection therewith.

26

164. 

To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Investor Group, the Officer and Director Related Entities and the Officer and Director Related Persons shall have no duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which (i) may be a corporate opportunity for any of the Investor Group or the Officer and Director Related Entities, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other, or (ii) the presentation of which would breach an existing legal obligation of a Director or Officer to any other entity. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Investor Group, Officer and Director Related Entities and the Officer and Director Related Persons shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer of the Company solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another Person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company and further, the Company hereby waives any claim or cause of action it may have with respect to the foregoing.

165. 

Except as provided elsewhere in these Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and another entity, including any of the Investor Group or any Officer and Director Related Entity, about which a Director and/or Officer of the Company acquires knowledge.

166. 

To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

WINDING UP

167. 

If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in such manner and order as he or she thinks fit in satisfaction of creditors' claims.

168. 

If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution divide amongst the Shareholders in specie or kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether they shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may, for such purpose set such value as he or she deems fair upon any property to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the Shareholders or different Classes. The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Shareholders as the liquidator, with the like sanction shall think fit, but so that no Shareholder shall be compelled to accept any assets whereon there is any liability.

AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

169. 

Subject to the Companies Act and the rights attaching to the various Classes, the Company may at any time and from time to time by Special Resolution alter or amend these Articles in whole or in part.

CLOSING OF REGISTER OR FIXING RECORD DATE

170. 

For the purpose of determining those Shareholders that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at any meeting of Shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or those Shareholders that are entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination as to who is a Shareholder for any other purpose, the Directors may, by any means in accordance with the requirements of any Designated Stock Exchange, provide that the Register shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not exceed in any case 40 days. If the Register shall be so closed for the purpose of determining those Shareholders that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Shareholders the Register shall be so closed for at least ten days immediately preceding such meeting and the record date for such determination shall be the date of the closure of the Register.

27

171. 

In lieu of or apart from closing the Register, the Directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of those Shareholders that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of the Shareholders and for the purpose of determining those Shareholders that are entitled to receive payment of any dividend the Directors may, at or within 90 days prior to the date of declaration of such dividend, fix a subsequent date as the record date for such determination.

172. 

If the Register is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of those Shareholders entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Shareholders or those Shareholders that are entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the date on which notice of the meeting is posted or the date on which the resolution of the Directors declaring such dividend is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Shareholders. When a determination of those Shareholders that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Shareholders has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof.

REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION

173. 

The Company may by Special Resolution resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing. In furtherance of a resolution adopted pursuant to this Article, the Directors may cause an application to be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing and may cause all such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of continuation of the Company.

MERGERS AND CONSOLIDATION

174. 

The Company may merge or consolidate in accordance with the Companies Act.

175. 

To the extent required by the Companies Act, the Company may by Special Resolution resolve to merge or consolidate the Company.

DISCLOSURE

176. 

The Directors, or any authorised service providers (including the Officers, the Secretary and the registered office agent of the Company), shall be entitled to disclose to any regulatory or judicial authority, or to any stock exchange on which the Shares may from time to time be listed, any information regarding the affairs of the Company including, without limitation, information contained in the Register and books of the Company.

EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND FORUM

177. 

Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum:

(a) 

the federal courts of the United States shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear, settle and/or determine any dispute, controversy or claim arising under the provisions of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim (and each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States over all such claims, controversies or disputes);

28

(b) 

other than as provided for in Article 177(a), the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the Memorandum of Association, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each Member's shareholding in the Company (and each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes), including but not limited to:

(i) 

any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(ii) 

any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or former Director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(iii) 

any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act, the Memorandum of Association or the Articles; or

(iv) 

any action asserting a claim against the Company concerning its internal affairs (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America).

178. 

Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the exclusive jurisdiction and forum provisions set out above and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of those provisions.

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_777308.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
ex_777308.htm

Exhibit 4.1

WARRANT AGREEMENT

This WARRANT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of February 10, 2025 between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, a Minnesota corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in a public offering (the Public Offering) of up to 23,000,000 units (including 3,000,000 units which may be issued pursuant to an over-allotment option granted to the underwriters of the Public Offering), each unit (Unit) comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share), and one-half of one warrant, where each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein, and, in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to 11,500,000 warrants (the Public Warrants) to the public investors in connection with the Public Offering; and

WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-282885 (the Registration Statement), and a prospectus (Prospectus), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) of, among other securities, the Public Warrants; and

WHEREAS, the Company has received commitments from Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC (the Initial Shareholder) and BTIG, LLC, the representative of the underwriters in the Public Offering (BTIG), to purchase up to an aggregate of 840,000 Units (including 75,000 Units which will be purchased if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), which will include up to an aggregate of 420,000 warrants (the Private Warrants) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, each bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit B hereto; and

WHEREAS, the Company may issue up to an additional 150,000 Units which will include up to an additional 75,000 warrants (the Working Capital Warrants), in satisfaction of certain working capital loans which may be made by the Companys officers, directors, Initial Shareholder and its affiliates; and

WHEREAS, following consummation of the Public Offering, the Company may issue additional warrants (Post-IPO Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, Private Warrants, and Working Capital Warrants, the Warrants) in connection with, or following the consummation by the Company of, a Business Combination (defined below); and

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, redemption, and exercise of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent (if a physical certificate is issued), as provided herein, the valid, binding, and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

1

2. 

Warrants.

2.1 Form of Warrant. Each Warrant shall initially be issued in registered form only, and, if a physical certificate issued, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the electronic (including by DocuSign) or facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company. In the event the person whose electronic or facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more book-entry certificates (each, a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate).

2.2 Uncertificated Warrants. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Warrant, or portion thereof, may be issued as part of, and be represented by, a Unit, and any Warrant may be issued in uncertificated or book-entry form through the Warrant Agent and/or the facilities of The Depository Trust Company or other book-entry depositary system, in each case as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or by an authorized committee thereof. Any Warrant so issued shall have the same terms, force and effect as a certificated Warrant that has been duly countersigned by the Warrant Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.3 Effect of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated Warrants as described above, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Warrant shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.

2.4 Registration.

2.4.1 Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more Book-Entry Warrant Certificates deposited with The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary) and registered in the name of Cede & Co., a nominee of the Depositary. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Public Warrants shall be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by (i) the Depositary or its nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or (ii) institutions that have accounts with the Depositary (each such institution, with respect to a Warrant in its account, a Participant). If the Depositary subsequently ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Public Warrants, the Company may instruct the Warrant Agent regarding making other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Public Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary to have the Public Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depositary to deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Warrants (a Definitive Warrant Certificate). Such Definitive Warrant Certificate shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A, with appropriate insertions, modifications and omissions, as provided above.

2.4.2 Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Warrant is then registered in the Warrant Register (such person, a Registered Holder) as the absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the warrant certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2

2.4.3 Detachability of Warrants. The securities comprising the Units will not be separately transferable until the 52nd day following the date of the Prospectus or, if such 52nd day is not on a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which banks in New York City are generally open for normal business (a Business Day), then on the immediately succeeding Business Day following such date, or earlier with the consent of BTIG, but in no event will BTIG allow separate trading of the securities comprising the Units until (i) the Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in the Public Offering, if the over-allotment option is exercised prior to the filing of the Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has issued a press release and has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin (the Detachment Date); provided that no fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade.

2.4.4 Private Warrants and Working Capital Warrants. The Private Warrants and Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants.

2.4.5 Post-IPO Warrants. The Post-IPO Warrants, when and if issued, shall have the same terms and be in the same form as the Public Warrants except as may be agreed upon by the Company.

3. 

Terms and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1 Warrant Price. Each whole Warrant shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of such Warrant and of this Agreement, to purchase from the Company the number of Ordinary Shares stated therein, at the price of $11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of this Section 3.1. The term Warrant Price as used in this Agreement refers to the price per share at which the Ordinary Shares may be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days; provided that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Warrants and provided further that any such reduction shall be applied consistently to all of the Warrants.

3.2 Duration of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (A) commencing on the later of (i) the date that is thirty (30) days after the consummation by the Company of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses (Business Combination) and (ii) the date that is twelve (12) months from the date of the closing of the Public Offering, and (B) terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the earliest to occur of (x) the date that is five (5) years after the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination, (y) the Redemption Date (defined below) as provided in Section 6.2 of this Agreement and (z) the liquidation of the Company (Expiration Date). The period of time from the date the Warrants will first become exercisable until the expiration of the Warrants shall hereafter be referred to as the Exercise Period. Except with respect to the right to receive the Redemption Price (defined below) (as set forth in Section 6 hereunder), as applicable, each outstanding Warrant not exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided, however, that the Company will provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such extension to Registered Holders and provided further that any such extension shall be applied consistently to all of the Warrants.

3.3 Exercise of Warrants.

3.3.1 Payment. Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, a Warrant may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by surrendering it, at the office of the Warrant Agent designated for such purposes, or at the office of its successor as Warrant Agent, with the subscription form, as set forth in the Warrant, duly executed, and by paying in full the Warrant Price for each Ordinary Share as to which the Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, as follows:

(a) in lawful money of the United States, by good certified check or good bank draft payable to the order of the Warrant Agent or wire transfer;

3

(b) in the event of a redemption pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof in which the Companys management has elected to require all holders of Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis, by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the Warrant Price and the Fair Market Value (as defined in this Section 3.3.1(b)) by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this Section 3.3.1(b), the Fair Market Value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Ordinary Share for the five (5) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to holders of the Warrants pursuant to Section 6 hereof; or

(c) in the event the registration statement required by Section 7.4 hereof is not effective and current within sixty (60) days after the closing of a Business Combination, by surrendering such Warrants for that number of Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the Fair Market Value (as defined in this Section 3.3.1(c)) by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this Section 3.3.1(c), the Fair Market Value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Ordinary Shares for the five (5) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date of exercise.

3.3.2 Issuance of Ordinary Shares. As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of the Warrant Price (if any), the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder of such Warrant a certificate or certificates, or book-entry position, for the number of Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it, and if such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full, a new countersigned Warrant, or book-entry position, for the number of shares as to which such Warrant shall not have been exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. No Warrant shall be exercisable for cash and the Company shall not be obligated to issue Ordinary Shares upon exercise of a Warrant unless the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such Warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder of the Warrants. In the event that the condition in the immediately preceding sentence is not satisfied with respect to a Warrant, the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant for cash. Warrants may not be exercised by, or securities issued to, any Registered Holder in any state in which such exercise or issuance would be unlawful.

3.3.3 Valid Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.4 Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate for Ordinary Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date on which the Warrant, or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date when the share transfer books of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the holder of such shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books or book-entry system are open.

3.3.5 Maximum Percentage. A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this Section 3.3.5; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this Section 3.3.5 unless he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not cause the exercise of the holders Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which the holder or its affiliates is a member, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as the holder may specify) (the Maximum Percentage) of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such holder and its affiliates is a member, shall include the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude Ordinary Shares that would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such holder and its affiliates is a member, and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such holder and its affiliates is a member (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preference shares or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the applicable regulations of the SEC. For purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and applicable regulations of the SEC, and the percentage held by a Holder shall be determined in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q, current report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Warrant Agent setting forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the holder of the Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares was reported. By written notice to the Company, the holder of a Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided, however, that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

4

4. 

Adjustments.

4.1 Share Dividends; Share Sub-Divisions. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 below, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is increased by a share dividend payable in Ordinary Shares, or by a sub-division of Ordinary Shares, or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share dividend, split up or similar event, the number of Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding Ordinary Shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of Ordinary Shares entitling holders to purchase Ordinary Shares at a price less than the Historical Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a share dividend of a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Ordinary Shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for the Ordinary Shares) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Ordinary Share paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Ordinary Shares, in determining the price payable for Ordinary Shares, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) Historical Fair Market Value means the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Ordinary Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. No Ordinary Shares shall be issued at less than their par value.

4.2 Aggregation of Shares. If after the date hereof, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Ordinary Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reclassification or similar event, the number of Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Ordinary Shares.

4.3 Extraordinary Dividends. If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of the Ordinary Shares or other shares of the Companys share capital into which the Warrants are convertible (an Extraordinary Dividend), then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and the fair market value (as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend divided by all outstanding shares of the Company at such time (whether or not any shareholders waived their right to receive such dividend); provided, however, that none of the following shall be deemed an Extraordinary Dividend for purposes of this provision: (i) any adjustment described in Section 4.1 above, (ii) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Ordinary Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed $0.50 per share (taking into account all of the outstanding shares of the Company at such time (whether or not any shareholders waived their right to receive such dividend) and as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50, or (iii) any payment to satisfy the conversion rights of the holders of the Ordinary Shares in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination or certain amendments to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (as described in the Registration Statement). Solely for purposes of illustration, if the Company, at a time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a cash dividend of $0.35 and previously paid an aggregate of $0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions on the Ordinary Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such $0.35 dividend, then the Warrant Price will be decreased, effectively immediately after the effective date of such $0.35 dividend, by $0.25 (the absolute value of the difference between $0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period, including such $0.35 dividend) and $0.50 (the greater of (x) $0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such $0.35 dividend)). Furthermore, solely for the purposes of illustration, if following the closing of the Companys initial Business Combination, there were 100,000,000 shares outstanding and the Company paid a $1.00 dividend to 17,500,000 of such shares (with the remaining 82,500,000 shares waiving their right to receive such dividend), then no adjustment to the Warrant Price would occur as a $17.5 million dividend payment divided by 100,000,000 shares equals $0.175 per share, which is less than $0.50 per share.

5

4.4 Adjustments in Exercise Price. Whenever the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

4.5 Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Ordinary Shares (other than a change covered by Section 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3 hereof or that solely affects the par value of the Ordinary Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another company (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing company and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Ordinary Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another company, corporation or entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Warrant holders shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the Ordinary Shares of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the Warrant holder would have received if such Warrant holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance); provided, however, that if the holders of the Ordinary Shares were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the Ordinary Shares in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election; provided, further, that if less than seventy percent (70%) of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Ordinary Shares in the applicable event is payable in the form of ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) (but in no event less than zero) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets (Bloomberg), as calculated by an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Board, qualified to make such calculation. For purposes of calculating such amount, (1) Section 6.1 shall be taken into account, (2) the price of each Ordinary Share shall be the 10-Day Average Closing Price as of the effective date of the applicable event, (3) the assumed volatility shall be the ninety (90) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of the trading day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable event, and (4) the assumed risk-free interest rate shall correspond to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the Warrant. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the Ordinary Shares consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per Ordinary Share, and (ii) in all other cases, the average last reported sale price of the Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. If any reclassification also results in a change in the Ordinary Shares covered by Section 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and this Section 4.5. The provisions of this Section 4.5 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

6

4.6 Issuance in connection with a Business Combination. If, in connection with a Business Combination, the Company (i) issues additional Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, in good faith, and in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholder or its affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by it or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Fair Market Value (as defined below in this Section 4.6) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of (a) the Fair Market Value or (b) the Newly Issued Price and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described in Section 6.1 shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. Solely for purposes of this Section 4.6, the Fair Market Value shall mean the volume weighted average reported trading price of the Ordinary Shares for the twenty (20) trading days starting on the trading day prior to the date of the consummation of the Business Combination.

4.7 Notices of Changes in Warrant. Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, or 4.6, then, in any such event, the Company shall give written notice to each Warrant holder, at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register, of the record date or the effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such event.

4.8 No Fractional Warrants or Shares. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exercise of Warrants. If the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Warrant holder.

4.9 Form of Warrant. The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4, and Warrants issued after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of shares as is stated in the Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. However, the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed.

7

4.10 Other Events. In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as to which none of the provisions of preceding subsections of this Section 4 is strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4, then, in each such case, the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4 and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion.

5. 

Transfer and Exchange of Warrants.

5.1 Registration of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant Register, upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures, in the case of certificated Warrants, properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants, the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

5.2 Procedure for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, either in certificated form or in book-entry position, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants, or book-entry positions, as requested by the Registered Holder of the Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that in the event that a Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in exchange therefor until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend.

5.3 Fractional Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance of a warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a Warrant, except as part of the Units.

5.4 Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

5.5 Warrant Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5, and the Company, whenever required by the Warrant Agent, will supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5.6 Transfers prior to Detachment. Prior to the Detachment Date, the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged only together with the Unit in which such Warrant is included, and only for the purpose of effecting, or in conjunction with, a transfer or exchange of such Unit. Furthermore, each transfer of a Unit on the register relating to such Units shall operate also to transfer the Warrants included in such Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.6 shall have no effect on any transfer of Warrants on or after the Detachment Date.

6. 

Redemption.

6.1 Redemption. All but not less than all of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, at any time during the Exercise Period, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon the notice referred to in Section 6.2, at the price of $0.01 per Warrant (Redemption Price), provided that the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 4 hereof), on each of twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) trading day period commencing after the Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given and provided that there is an effective registration statement covering the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day redemption period or the Company has elected to require the exercise of the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 3.3.1(b); provided, however, that if and when the Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise such redemption right if the issuance of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification.

8

6.2 Date Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption. In the event the Company shall elect to redeem all of the Warrants that are subject to redemption, the Company shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date to the Registered Holders of the Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered Holder received such notice.

6.3 Exercise After Notice of Redemption. The Warrants may be exercised, for cash (or on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement) at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. In the event the Company determines to require all holders of Warrants to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 3.3.1(b), the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Ordinary Shares to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including the Fair Market Value in such case. On and after the Redemption Date, the record holder of the Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the Warrants, the Redemption Price.

7. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

7.1 No Rights as Shareholder. A Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the general meetings of the Company or the appointment of directors of the Company or any other matter.

7.2 Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

7.3 Reservation of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement.

7.4 Registration of Ordinary Shares. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty (20) business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its best efforts to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and it shall use its best efforts to take such action as is necessary to register or qualify for sale, in those states in which the Warrants were initially offered by the Company and in those states where holders of Warrants then reside, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, to the extent an exemption is not available. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 60th business day following the closing of the Business Combination, holders of the Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the 91st day after the closing of the Business Combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis as determined in accordance with Section 3.3.1(c). The Company shall provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with this Section 7.4 is not required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii) the Ordinary Shares issued upon such exercise will be freely tradable under U.S. federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Company and, accordingly, will not be required to bear a restrictive legend. For the avoidance of any doubt, unless and until all of the Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall continue to be obligated to comply with its registration obligations under the first three sentences of this Section 7.4. The provisions of this Section 7.4 may not be modified, amended, or deleted without the prior written consent of BTIG.

9

8. 

Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

8.1 Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such Ordinary Shares.

8.2 Resignation, Removal, Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.

8.2.1 Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. The Company may remove the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent upon thirty (30) days notice in writing, sent to the Warrant Agent or successor Warrant Agent, as the case may be. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation, removal or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of the Warrant (who shall, with such notice, submit his Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, or any state thereunder, in good standing, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

8.2.2 Notice of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

8.2.3 Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any corporation into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

8.3 Fees and Expenses of Warrant Agent.

8.3.1 Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder in accordance with a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon and will reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

10

8.3.2 Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4 Liability of Warrant Agent.

8.4.1 Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4.2 Indemnity. The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or willful and material breach of this Agreement (each as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Warrant Agents actual fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or willful and material breach of this Agreement (each as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

8.4.3 Exclusions. The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant; nor shall it be responsible to make any adjustments required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

8.5 Acceptance of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of Ordinary Shares through the exercise of Warrants.

9. 

Miscellaneous Provisions.

9.1 Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

9.2 Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows:

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Attn: Long Long, CEO

11

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company), as follows:

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attention: Client Services

with a copy, in each case, to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso

Email: gcaruso@loeb.com

and

White & Case LLP

1221 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attn: Joel L. Rubinstein; Daniel E. Nussen

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com; daniel.nussen@whitecase.com

and

BTIG, LLC

65 East 55th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn:

Email:

9.3 Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph are not binding on holders of Warrants and will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim.

12

9.4 Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Warrants and, for the purposes of Sections 7.4, 9.4 and 9.8 hereof, BTIG, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Warrant Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. BTIG shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 7.4, 9.4 and 9.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Warrant Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and BTIG with respect to the Sections 7.4, 9.4 and 9.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Warrants.

9.5 Examination of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder to submit his Warrant for inspection by it.

9.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original, electronic or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. A signature to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an original signature.

9.7 Effect of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

9.8 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein, correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of this Agreement to the description of the terms of the Public Warrants and this Agreement set forth in the Prospectus, or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders. All other modifications or amendments, including any amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period, shall require the written consent or vote of the Registered Holders of (i) a majority of the then outstanding Warrants (excluding any Private Warrants) if such modification or amendment is being undertaken prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) a majority of the then outstanding Warrants if such modification or amendment is being undertaken after the consummation of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders. The provisions of this Section 9.8 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of BTIG.

9.9 Trust Account Waiver. The Warrant Agent acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the trust account established by the Company in connection with the Public Offering (as more fully described in the Registration Statement) (Trust Account), including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance. In the event that the Warrant Agent has a claim against the Company under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent will pursue such claim solely against the Company and not against the property held in the Trust Account.

9.10 Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[signature page follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

By: /s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ODYSSEY TRANSFER AND TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Rebecca Paulson

Name: Rebecca Paulson

Title: President

[Signature Page to Warrant Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Warrant

NUMBER 

WARRANTS

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP __________

THIS WARRANT WILL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED

PRIOR TO

THE EXPIRATION DATE (DEFINED BELOW)WARRANTS

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

WARRANT

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received is the registered holder of a warrant or warrants (the Warrant(s)) of Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), expiring at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the five year anniversary of the Companys completion of an initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination) or earlier upon redemption or liquidation of the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering, to purchase one fully paid and non-assessable ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Shares), of the Company for each whole Warrant evidenced by this Warrant Certificate. The Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase from the Company, commencing thirty days after the Companys completion of an initial Business Combination, such number of Shares of the Company at the Warrant Price (as defined below), upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at the office or agency of Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Warrant Agent), but only subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement between the Company and the Warrant Agent. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant exercise. The term Warrant Price as used in this Warrant Certificate refers to the price per Share at which Shares may be purchased at the time the Warrant is exercised. The initial Warrant Price per Share is equal to $11.50 per Share. The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain events the Warrant Price, the Redemption Trigger Price (defined below) and the number of Shares purchasable hereunder, set forth on the face hereof, may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted.

No fraction of a Share will be issued upon any exercise of a Warrant. If the holder of a Warrant would be entitled to receive a fraction of a Share upon any exercise of a Warrant, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Shares to be issued to such holder.

Upon any exercise of the Warrant for less than the total number of Shares provided for herein, there shall be issued to the registered holder hereof or the registered holders assignee a new Warrant Certificate covering the number of Shares for which the Warrant has not been exercised.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent by the registered holder in person or by attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants.

Upon due presentment for registration of transfer of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered holder as the absolute owner of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the registered holder, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Neither the Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles the registered holder to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company.

The Company reserves the right to call the Warrant prior to its exercise with a notice of call in writing to the holders of record of the Warrant, giving at least 30 days notice of such call, at any time while the Warrant is exercisable, if the reported closing price of the Shares has been at least $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (the Redemption Trigger Price) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period (the 30-day trading period) commencing after the Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the date on which notice of such call is given and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the Shares underlying the Warrants throughout the 30-day trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. The call price of the Warrants is to be $0.01 per Warrant. Any Warrant either not exercised or tendered back to the Company by the end of the date specified in the notice of call shall be canceled on the books of the Company and have no further value except for the $0.01 call price.

Witness the electronic or facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers.

Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer 

Secretary

SUBSCRIPTION FORM 

To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Exercise Warrants

The undersigned Registered Holder irrevocably elects to exercise _______________ Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and to purchase the Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants, and requests that Certificates for such Shares shall be issued in the name of

(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)

(SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

and be delivered to 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

and, if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the balance of such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the Registered Holder at the address stated below:

Dated: 

(SIGNATURE)

(ADDRESS)

(TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

ASSIGNMENT

To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Assign Warrants

For Value Received, hereby sell, assign, and transfer unto

(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)

(SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

and be delivered to 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

of the Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney to transfer this Warrant Certificate on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

(SIGNATURE)

NOTICE: THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER.

Signature(s) Guaranteed: 

By 

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS) WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE).

Exhibit B

Legend

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO. (THE COMPANY) AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED UNTIL AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3.2 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE (AS SPECIFIED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT) WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_777309.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_777309.htm

Exhibit 10.1

LETTER AGREEMENT

Dated February 10, 2025

This letter agreement (this Letter Agreement) is entered into by and among Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), and each other undersigned person (each such other undersigned person, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders). Reference is made to that certain underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into or proposed to be entered into by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 23,000,000 of the Companys units (including up to 3,000,000 units that may be purchased to cover the Underwriters option to purchase additional units, if any) (the Units), each comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each whole warrant, a Warrant). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 12 hereof.

In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Sponsor and the Insiders each hereby agrees, severally but not jointly, with the Company as follows:

1. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Shares (as defined below) owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed Business Combination (including any proposals recommended by the Companys board of directors in connection with such Business Combination) (except with respect to any Shares which may not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act and any Commission interpretations or guidance relating thereto) and (ii) not redeem any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender to the Company any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection therewith.

2. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier date as Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys shareholders may approve (such time period, the completion window), in each case in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Articles), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish all Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees to not propose any amendment to the Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the completion window) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Offering Shares.

The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares held by it. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby further waives, with respect to any Shares held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with (x) the consummation of a Business Combination, including, without limitation, any such rights available in the context of a shareholder vote to approve such Business Combination or in the context of a tender offer made by the Company to purchase Ordinary Shares and (y) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated its initial Business Combination within the completion window) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (although the Sponsor and the Insiders shall be entitled to redemption and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the completion window).

3. Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b) below, during the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Units, Warrants, Shares or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, any Ordinary Shares; provided, however, that the Company may (i) issue and sell the Private Placement Units, (ii) issue and sell the additional Units to cover the Underwriters over-allotment option, (iii) register with the Commission pursuant to a certain registration rights agreement to be entered into by and among the Company and certain holders party thereto and (iv) issue securities in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination; provided, further, that the foregoing does not apply to the forfeiture by the Sponsor of any Founder Shares pursuant to their terms or any Transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director of the company (as long as such current or future independent director transferee is subject to this Letter Agreement or executes an agreement substantially identical to the terms of this Letter Agreement, as applicable to directors and officers at the time of such Transfer; and as long as, to the extent any Section 16 reporting obligation is triggered as a result of such Transfer, any related Section 16 filing includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the Transfer).

4. In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account upon the failure of the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination within the completion window, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other shareholders, members or managers of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party (other than the Companys independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party (other than the Companys independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.05 per Offering Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Offering Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in each case, net of taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

2

5. (a) To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 Units within 45 days from the date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees that it shall forfeit, at no cost: a number of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to 750,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,000,000 minus the number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their option to purchase additional Units and (ii) the denominator of which is 3,000,000. All references in this Letter Agreement to Founder Shares of the Company being forfeited shall take effect as a contribution of such Founder Shares, as applicable, to the Companys capital as a matter of Cayman Islands law. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so that the number of Founder Shares will equal an aggregate of 20.0%, respectively, of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares immediately after the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units and assuming the Sponsor does not purchase Units in the Public Offering). The Initial Shareholders further agree that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased, the Company will effect a share dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the number of Founder Shares at 20.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares upon the consummation of the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units). In connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 3,000,000 in the numerator and denominator of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be changed to a number equal to 15.0% of the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 750,000 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be adjusted to, respectively, the total number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to return to the Company in order for the number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor owns (together with the Insiders) to equal an aggregate of 20.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares after the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units and assuming the Sponsor (and the Insiders) does not purchase Units in the Public Offering).

6. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by such Sponsor or Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7(a) and 7(b) of this Letter Agreement, (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach, and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

7. (a) The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) six months after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the last reported sale price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after the Companys initial Business Combination (the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period).

(b) The Sponsor agrees that it shall not Transfer any Private Placement Units, including the underlying Ordinary Shares and warrants and any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of such warrants, until after the completion of a Business Combination (the Private Placement Units Lock-Up Period, collectively with the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period, the Lock-Up Periods).

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Units (including the underlying Ordinary Shares and warrants and any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of such warrants) that are held by the Sponsor or any Insider or any of their permitted transferees (that have complied with this paragraph 7(c)), are permitted (a) to the Companys directors or officers, any affiliates or family members of any of the Companys directors or officers, any members of the Sponsor, or any affiliates of the Sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or Transfers made in connection with the consummation of the Companys Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the Companys completion of an initial Business Combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement, as amended, upon dissolution of the Sponsor; (h) in the event of the Companys completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the Companys completion of an initial Business Combination; or (i) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through (h) above; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) and (i), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions and other applicable covenants and restrictions in this Letter Agreement (including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

3

8. The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company, if any (including any such information included in the Prospectus), is true and accurate in all material respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background. The Sponsor and each Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company, if any, is true and accurate in all material respects. The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that: it is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

9. Except as disclosed in, or as expressly contemplated by, the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any Insider nor any affiliate of the Sponsor or any Insider, nor any director or officer of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement or monies in respect of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).

10. The Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer and/or a director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or a director of the Company.

11. As used herein:

Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses;

Founder Shares shall mean the 5,750,000 Ordinary Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering;

Initial Shareholders shall mean the Sponsor and any Insider that holds Founder Shares;

Private Placement Units shall mean (a) 765,000 units (515,000 units by the Sponsor and 250,000 units by the Representative) (or up to 840,000 units (530,000 units by the Sponsor and 310,000 units by the Representative) depending on the extent to which the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement), each Private Placement Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments, that the Sponsor and the Representative have agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $7,650,000 in the aggregate (or up to $8,400,000 depending on the extent to which the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement), or $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, in a private placement that shall occur substantially concurrently with the consummation of the Public Offering, and (b) up to an additional 150,000 Private Placement Units issuable to the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit upon conversion of up to $1,500,000 of loans made to the Company.

4

Public Shareholders shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Public Offering;

Shares shall mean the Ordinary Shares, including the Founder Shares;

Transfer shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that Transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b) herein; and

Trust Account shall mean the trust account into which the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited for the benefit of the Public Shareholders.

12. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by (1) each Insider that is the subject of any such change, amendment modification or waiver and (2) the Sponsor.

13. No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to Transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

15. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

16. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile or other electronic transmission.

17. Each party hereto shall not be liable for any breaches or misrepresentations contained in this Letter Agreement by any other party to this Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Insider with respect to any other Insider), and no party shall be liable or responsible for the obligations of another party, including, without limitation, indemnification obligations and notice obligations.

5

18. This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Periods and (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed within thirty (30) days from the effective date of the Companys registration statement filed in connection with the Public Offering; provided further that paragraph 4 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

19. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

[Signature page follows]

6

Sincerely,

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC SPONSORS II LLC 

By: 

/s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long

Title: Managing Member 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

By: /s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

/s/ Eric R. Ball

ERIC R. BALL

Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Long Long

LONG LONG

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Daniel L. Sheehan

DANIEL L. SHEEHAN

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Stephen N. Cannon

STEPHEN N. CANNON

Director

/s/ Jack Crawford

JACK CRAWFORD

Director

/s/ Vishwesh Pai

VISHWESH PAI

Director

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex_777310.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_777310.htm

Exhibit 10.2

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of February 10, 2025, by and between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, a Minnesota corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-282885 (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one of the Companys ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; and

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with BTIG, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein (the Representative); and

WHEREAS, as described in the Prospectus, $201,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $231,150,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to and subject to the conditions of the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $7,000,000, or $8,050,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be payable by the Company to the underwriters upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (the Deferred Discount); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States at Citibank, NA (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company) and at a brokerage institution that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon the written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, (ii) hold the Property in uninvested cash or (iii) deposit the Property into an interest or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) As soon as practicable notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with the terms of, a letter from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and, in the case of Exhibit B, less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (i) 21 months after the closing date of the Offering (or such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve) and (ii) such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Articles), if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligations owed by the Company, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority, as applicable, so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligations, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account); provided, further, that if the tax to be paid is a franchise tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution shall be accompanied by a copy of the franchise tax bill for the Company and a written statement from the principal financial officer of the Company setting forth the actual amount payable. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute to the Public Shareholders on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Articles (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Articles or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

2

(l) Not make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chairman of the Board. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on any such written instructions and, further, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable outside counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees or its representatives gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or willful and material breach of this Agreement. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, further that the Company may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to mount such a defense. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company. The Company may participate in any such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction processing fee, which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until the Property is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Trustee shall refund to the Company the monthly fee (on a pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the liquidation of the Trust Account. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination involving the Company with one or more businesses (the Business Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s), Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction(s), Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction(s), and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount is paid directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters;

3

(g) Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement; and

(h) Within four (4) business days after the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment option expires, provide the Trustee with a notice in writing of the total amount of the Deferred Discount.

3. Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Perform any implied duties or obligations, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees or its representatives gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or willful and material breach of this Agreement;

(c) Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any reasonably incurred expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees or its representatives gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or willful and material breach of this Agreement. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

4

5. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account and any other reasonable transfer requests that the Company may make, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, or such later time agreed by the Company and the Trustee, then any funds received by the Trustee from the Company or Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, the Companys sponsor (the Sponsor) for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or the Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees or its representatives gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or willful and material breach of this Agreement, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

(c) This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has otherwise indicated his, her or its election to redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote sought to amend this Agreement (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated its initial Business Combination within such time specified in the Articles or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by electronic mail:

if to the Trustee, to:

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Email: clientsus@odysseytrust.com

5

if to the Company, to:

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Attn: Long Long

Email: long@spacpartners.com

in each case, with copies to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso

Email: gcaruso@loeb.com

and

BTIG, LLC

65 East 55th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn:

Email:

and

White & Case LLP

1221 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attn: Joel L. Rubinstein; Daniel E. Nussen

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com; daniel.nussen@whitecase.com

(f) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the underwriters in the Offering, is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(h) This Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(i) The Trustee shall perform its duties under this Agreement in compliance with all applicable laws and keep confidential all information relating to this Agreement and, except as required by applicable law, shall not use such information for any purpose other than the performance of the Trustees obligations under this Agreement.

6

(j) Except as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity.

(k) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, as Trustee 

By: 

/s/ Rebecca Paulson 

Name: Rebecca Paulson

Title: President 

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 

By: /s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust Agreement]

SCHEDULE A 

Fee Item 

Time and method of payment 

Amount 

Initial acceptance fee. 

Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 

Trustee administration fee 

Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter by wire transfer or check. $ 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i) and 1(j) 

Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1(i) and 1(j) $ 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i) and 1(k) 

Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i) and 1(k) 

Prevailing rates 

EXHIBIT A 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account No. [] Termination Letter

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [], 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business) to consummate a Business Combination with Target Business on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance (or such shorter time period as you may agree) of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account, and to transfer the proceeds to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date (including as directed to it by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters (with respect to the Deferred Discount)). It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated substantially concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification) and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chairman of the Board, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of amounts owed to Public Shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representative from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instruction as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and acknowledged by:

BTIG, LLC

By:

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT B 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account No. [] Termination Letter

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [], 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that [the Company has been unable to effect a Business Combination with a Target Business within the time frame specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Articles)] OR [the Companys board of directors has determined to terminate the period in which the Company must consummate a Business Combination on __________, 20__ pursuant to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Articles)], as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public Shareholders. The Company has selected []1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Articles. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours,

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 

By: 

Name:

Title: 

cc: BTIG, LLC

1 21 months after the closing date of the Offering, such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys shareholders may approve.

EXHIBIT C 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account No. [] Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [], 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION] 

Very truly yours,

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 

By: 

Name:

Title: 

cc: BTIG, LLC

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account No. [] Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [], 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution to the Public Shareholders who have requested redemption of their Ordinary Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the provisions of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time (the Articles), (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated its initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Articles or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours,

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 

By: 

Name:

Title: 

cc: BTIG, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex_777311.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_777311.htm

Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 10, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), and the other parties listed on the signature pages hereto and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement (each such party, together with the Sponsor, a Holder and collectively, the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Sponsor and certain other Holders collectively own an aggregate of 5,750,000 (the Founder Shares) of the Companys ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares);

WHEREAS, on February 10, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the underwriters in the Companys initial public offering (the Representative), entered into that certain Private Units Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor and the Representative agreed to purchase an aggregate of 765,000 units (or up to 840,000 units depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised) (the Private Placement Units) in a private placement transaction to close substantially concurrently with the closing of the Companys initial public offering; each Private Placement Unit comprises of one Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public.

Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, involving the Company.

Commission shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Form S-1 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

Founder Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto

Founder Shares Lock-Up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, the period ending on the earlier of (A) six months after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Companys initial Business Combination, if (x) the last reported sale price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after the Companys initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys public shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the other parties thereto.

Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggy-back Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement Lock-Up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) that are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending upon the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals.

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

2

Registrable Security shall mean (a) the Founder Shares, (b) the Private Placement Units (and underlying securities)), (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, (e) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an amount up to $1,500,000 made to the Company by a Holder, and (f) any other equity security of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any successor, issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Shares by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities have been sold without registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act or Rule 144 or Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) 

all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Ordinary Shares is then listed;

(B) 

fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) 

printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) 

reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) 

reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) 

reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

3

Sponsor shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time on or after the date the Company consummates the initial Business Combination, the Holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holder(s) and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant to such Demand Registration, including by filing a Registration Statement relating thereto as soon as practicable, but not more than forty-five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

2.1.2 Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

4

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration (or in the case of an Underwritten Registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at least two business days prior to the time of pricing of the applicable offering). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the Company may effect any Underwritten Registration pursuant to any then effective Registration Statement, including a Form S-3, that is then available for such offering and (ii) the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

5

2.2 Piggy-back Registration.

2.2.1 Piggy-back Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates an initial Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggy-back Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggy-back Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggy-back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggy-back Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggy-back Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggy-back Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested exercising its rights to register its Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Underwritten Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

6

2.2.3 Piggy-back Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggy-back Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggy-back Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggy-back Registration (or in the case of an Underwritten Registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at least two business days prior to the time of pricing of the applicable offering). The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggy-back Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggy-back Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggy-back Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Shelf Registrations.

2.3.1 The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3), or if the Company is ineligible to use Form S-3, on Form S-1; a registration statement filed pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 (a Shelf) shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. Within three (3) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration shall so notify the Company, in writing, within three (3) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than ten (10) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall file a Registration Statement relating to all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 if the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $5,000,000. The Company shall maintain each Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep such Shelf continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included on such Shelf. In the event the Company files a Shelf on Form S-1, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 to a Form S-3 as soon as practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3.

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to effect or permit any Registration or cause any Registration Statement to become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities held by any Holder, until after the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, as the case may be.

7

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates an initial Business Combination, the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by the majority-in-interest of the Holders with Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

8

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

9

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than ninety (90) days in any 12-month period, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell the Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Limitations on Registration Rights. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Representative may not exercise its rights under Section 2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Companys initial public offering, respectively, and (ii) the Representative may not exercise its rights under Section 2.1 more than one time.

10

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, employees, affiliates, directors, partners, members, attorneys and agents and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each, an Holder Indemnified Party), from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and the Company shall promptly reimburse the Holder Indemnified Party for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Holder Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense whether or not any such person is a party to any such claim or action and including any and all legal and other expenses incurred in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise; except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which he, she or it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

11

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., 2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968, Claymont, DE 19703, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part, except in connection with a Business Combination and with the consent of each Holder party hereto. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of any transfer of Registrable Securities by any such holder.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

12

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT (1) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW AND NEW YORK CIVIL PRACTICE LAWS AND RULES 327(B), AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK AND (2) SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

5.5TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

5.6 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of capital stock of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.7 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

13

5.8 Term. This Agreement shall terminate with respect to any Holder on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

By: 

/s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC SPONSORS II LLC

By: 

/s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long

Title: Managing Member

/s/ Eric R. Ball

Eric R. Ball

/s/ Long Long

Long Long

/s/ Daniel L. Sheehan

Daniel L. Sheehan

/s/ Stephen N. Cannon

Stephen N. Cannon

/s/ Jack Crawford

Jack Crawford

/s/ Vishwesh Pai

Vishwesh Pai

BTIG, LLC

By: 

/s/ Paul Wood

Name: Paul Wood

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex_777312.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
ex_777312.htm

Exhibit 10.4

PRIVATE UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

February 10, 2025

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company), a blank check company newly incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), in connection with its initial public offering (IPO). The Company currently anticipates selling units (Units) in the IPO, each comprising of one ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share.

The undersigned hereby commits to purchase an aggregate of 515,000 units of the Company (the Initial Private Units), each unit consisting of one ordinary share (the Private Shares) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Private Warrants), for a purchase price of $10.00 per unit and an aggregate purchase price of $5,150,000 (the Initial Purchase Price). Additionally, if the underwriters in the IPO (the Underwriters) exercise their over-allotment option in full or in part, the undersigned further commits to purchase up to an additional 15,000 units (the Additional Private Units and together with the Initial Private Units, the Private Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit, for an aggregate additional purchase price of up to $150,000 (the Over-Allotment Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price). The undersigned shall pay, at least one (1) business day prior to the closing date of the IPO (the IPO Closing Date), the Initial Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to accounts designated by the Company, including to the trust account (the Trust Account) with Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee, in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the IPO Closing Date, subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Initial Private Units to the undersigned in book-entry form.

Simultaneously with the consummation of all or any part of the underwriters over-allotment option, the undersigned shall pay the pro-rata portion of the Over-Allotment Purchase Price, based upon the amount of the over-allotment option that has been exercised, without interest or deduction, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company or the Trust Account (as set forth in the wire instructions). On each applicable over- allotment closing date, subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Additional Private Units to the undersigned in book-entry form.

The undersigned agrees that if the size of the IPO is increased or decreased for any reason, the amount of the undersigneds investment will be either increased or decreased, as applicable, so that the undersigneds percentage of the aggregate investment in Private Units made by the undersigned and other investors of the Company remains the same. If the size of the offering is increased, the undersigned agrees that it will deliver the purchase price for such additional Private Units as promptly as is reasonably practicable following the increase if it is on the IPO Closing Date. If the size of the offering is decreased, the unused portion of the Purchase Price shall be returned to the undersigned.

The consummation of the purchase and issuance of the Initial Private Units and Additional Private Units (if any) shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and over-allotment option, respectively. If the Company does not complete the IPO within thirty (30) days from the effective date of the Companys registration statement filed in connection with the IPO (the Registration Statement), the Purchase Price (without interest or deduction) will be returned to the undersigned.

The Private Units will be identical to the Units sold by the Company in the IPO, except that:

the undersigned agrees to vote the Private Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination;

the undersigned agrees not to seek conversion, or seek to sell such shares in any tender offer, in connection with any amendment to the Companys memorandum and articles of association or any proposed Business Combination with respect to the Private Shares;

the Private Units and underlying securities will not be transferable until the completion of a Business Combination (subject to certain exceptions described in the Registration Statement);

the Private Units and underlying securities will have customary registration rights, pursuant to a registration rights agreement on terms agreed upon by the Company and the undersigned to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement);

the undersigned will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the Private Units or the underlying securities (but will participate in liquidation distributions with respect to any Units or ordinary shares purchased by the undersigned in the IPO or in the open market after the IPO) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination; and

the Private Units and underlying securities will include any additional terms or restrictions as is customary in other similarly structured blank check company offerings or as may be reasonably required by the Underwriters in order to consummate the IPO, which terms or restrictions will be described in the Registration Statement.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that it will execute agreements in form and substance typical for transactions of this nature necessary to effectuate the foregoing agreements and obligations prior to the consummation of the IPO as are reasonably acceptable to the undersigned, including but not limited to (i) an insider letter agreement and (ii) a registration rights agreement, as applicable.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that, as applicable:

(a) 

it has been advised that the Private Units and underlying securities have not been registered under the Securities Act;

(b) 

it is acquiring the Private Units and underlying securities for its account for investment purposes only;

(c) 

it has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of the Private Units or underlying securities in violation of the securities laws of the United States;

(d) 

it is an accredited investor as defined by Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(e) 

it has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the officers and directors of the Company and all persons acting on its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder;

(f) 

it is familiar with the proposed business, management, financial condition and affairs of the Company;

2

(g) 

it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this letter and any documents contemplated herein or needed to consummate the transactions contemplated in this letter; and

(h) 

this letter constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the undersigned and is enforceable against it.

As a material inducement to the undersigned to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the undersigned that:

(a) 

the Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the warrant agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent in connection with the IPO (the Warrant Agreement).

(b) 

the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Units have been duly authorized by the Company as of the IPO Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of the IPO Closing Date.

(c) 

the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Private Units, the issuance and sale of the Private Units, the issuance of the Private Shares, the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Private Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of the IPO Closing Date (i) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (ii) constitute a default under, (iii) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys equity or assets under, (iv) result in a violation of, or (v) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the memorandum and articles of association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion of the contemplated IPO, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

(d) 

upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Private Shares and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the undersigned will have good title to the Private Shares and the Private Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrant, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the undersigned.

(e) 

no permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

(f) 

neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

3

Very truly yours,

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC SPONSORS II LLC 

By: 

/s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long

Title: Managing Member 

Accepted and Agreed:

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

By: /s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Private Units Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex_777313.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
ex_777313.htm

Exhibit 10.5

PRIVATE UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

February 10, 2025

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company), a blank check company newly incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), in connection with its initial public offering (IPO). The Company currently anticipates selling units (Units) in the IPO, each comprising of one ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share.

The undersigned hereby commits to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 units of the Company (the Initial Private Units), each unit consisting of one ordinary share (the Private Shares) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Private Warrants), for a purchase price of $10.00 per unit and an aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000 (the Initial Purchase Price). Additionally, if the underwriters in the IPO (the Underwriters) exercise their over-allotment option in full or in part, the undersigned further commits to purchase up to an additional 60,000 units (the Additional Private Units and together with the Initial Private Units, the Private Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit, for an aggregate additional purchase price of up to $600,000 (the Over-Allotment Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price). The undersigned shall pay, at least one (1) business day prior to the closing date of the IPO (the IPO Closing Date), the Initial Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to accounts designated by the Company, including to the trust account (the Trust Account) with Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee, in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the IPO Closing Date, subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Initial Private Units to the undersigned in book-entry form.

Simultaneously with the consummation of all or any part of the underwriters over-allotment option, the undersigned shall pay the pro-rata portion of the Over-Allotment Purchase Price, based upon the amount of the overallotment option that has been exercised, without interest or deduction, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company or the Trust Account (as set forth in the wire instructions). On each applicable overallotment closing date, subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Additional Private Units to the undersigned in book-entry form.

The undersigned agrees that if the size of the IPO is increased or decreased for any reason, the amount of the undersigneds investment will be either increased or decreased, as applicable, so that the undersigneds percentage of the aggregate investment in Private Units made by the undersigned and other investors of the Company remains the same. If the size of the offering is increased, the undersigned agrees that it will deliver the purchase price for such additional Private Units as promptly as is reasonably practicable following the increase if it is on the IPO Closing Date. If the size of the offering is decreased, the unused portion of the Purchase Price shall be returned to the undersigned.

The consummation of the purchase and issuance of the Initial Private Units and Additional Private Units (if any) shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and over-allotment option, respectively. If the Company does not complete the IPO within thirty (30) days from the effective date of the Companys registration statement filed in connection with the IPO (the Registration Statement), the Purchase Price (without interest or deduction) will be returned to the undersigned.

The Private Units will be identical to the Units sold by the Company in the IPO, except that:

the undersigned agrees to vote the Private Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination;

the undersigned agrees not to seek conversion, or seek to sell such shares in any tender offer, in connection with any amendment to the Companys memorandum and articles of association or any proposed Business Combination with respect to the Private Shares;

the Private Units and underlying securities will not be transferable until the completion of a Business Combination (subject to certain exceptions described in the Registration Statement);

the Private Units and underlying securities will have customary registration rights, pursuant to a registration rights agreement on terms agreed upon by the Company and the undersigned to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement);

the undersigned will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the Private Units or the underlying securities (but will participate in liquidation distributions with respect to any Units or ordinary shares purchased by the undersigned in the IPO or in the open market after the IPO) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination; and

the Private Units and underlying securities will include any additional terms or restrictions as is customary in other similarly structured blank check company offerings or as may be reasonably required by the Underwriters in order to consummate the IPO, which terms or restrictions will be described in the Registration Statement.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that it will execute agreements in form and substance typical for transactions of this nature necessary to effectuate the foregoing agreements and obligations prior to the consummation of the IPO as are reasonably acceptable to the undersigned, including but not limited to (i) an insider letter agreement and (ii) a registration rights agreement, as applicable.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that, as applicable:

(a) 

it has been advised that the Private Units and underlying securities have not been registered under the Securities Act;

(b) 

it is acquiring the Private Units and underlying securities for its account for investment purposes only;

(c) 

it has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of the Private Units or underlying securities in violation of the securities laws of the United States;

(d) 

it is an accredited investor as defined by Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(e) 

it has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the officers and directors of the Company and all persons acting on its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder;

(f) 

it is familiar with the proposed business, management, financial condition and affairs of the Company;

2

(g) 

it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this letter and any documents contemplated herein or needed to consummate the transactions contemplated in this letter; and

(h) 

this letter constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the undersigned and is enforceable against it.

As a material inducement to the undersigned to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the undersigned that:

(a) 

the Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the warrant agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent in connection with the IPO (the Warrant Agreement).

(b) 

the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Units have been duly authorized by the Company as of the IPO Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of the IPO Closing Date.

(c) 

the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Private Units, the issuance and sale of the Private Units, the issuance of the Private Shares, the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Private Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of the IPO Closing Date (i) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (ii) constitute a default under, (iii) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys equity or assets under, (iv) result in a violation of, or (v) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the memorandum and articles of association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion of the contemplated IPO, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

(d) 

upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Private Shares and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the undersigned will have good title to the Private Shares and the Private Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrant, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the undersigned.

(e) 

no permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

(f) 

neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

3

The undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that the Private Units and underlying securities and the related registration rights will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and will therefore, pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of the FINRA Manual, be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales in the IPO, subject to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Additionally, the Private Units and underlying securities and the related registration rights may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated during the foregoing 180 day period following the effective date of the Registration Statement except to any underwriter or selected dealer participating in the IPO and the bona fide officers or partners of the undersigned and any such participating underwriter or selected dealer. Additionally, the Private Units and underlying securities and the related registration rights will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of such securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales in the IPO. Additionally, the undersigned may not exercise demand or piggyback rights with respect to the Private Units and underlying securities after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, from the effective date of the Registration Statement and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion. Further, for as long as any warrants included in the Private Units are held by the undersigned and/or its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the Registration Statement.

[Signature page follows]

4

Very truly yours,

BTIG, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Paul Wood 

Name: Paul Wood

Title: Managing Director 

Accepted and Agreed:

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC 

PARTNERS II CO.

By: /s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Private Units Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex_777314.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
ex_777314.htm

Exhibit 10.6

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

This Agreement, made and entered into effective as of February 10, 2025 (Agreement), by and between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Company), and the undersigned indemnitee (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the adoption of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other laws, rules and regulations being promulgated have increased the potential for liability of officers and directors;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain such persons is in the best interests of the Companys shareholders;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be adequately indemnified;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and shall neither be deemed to be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of the date hereof, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

1.1 Change in Control means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement; provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the date hereof (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a person who is an officer or director of the Company on the date hereof (and any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.

1.2 Corporate Status means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of any other enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity.

1.3 Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

1.4 Expenses means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

1.5 Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by (a) the Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above are not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

1.6 Proceeding means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding, , whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce his or her rights under this Agreement.

2. 

Services by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. 

Indemnification General.

Except with respect to actions finally adjudicated to be a result of actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect of the Indemnitee, the Company shall indemnify, and, subject to Section 26 hereof, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights set forth in the other Sections of this Agreement.

2

4. 

Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, he or she is, was or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur by reason of his or her own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

5. 

Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, he or she was or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding which is settled or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, was brought or is pending, shall determine, upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and Expenses as the court deems proper.

6. 

Indemnification for Expenses of Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he or she shall be indemnified against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amount paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express finding of liability or guilt against him or her, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. 

Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding, he or she shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

3

8. 

Advancement of Expenses and Other Amounts.

Subject to Section 26 hereof, the Company shall advance all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement, incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by an agreement by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. In connection with any request for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee pleads guilty or is convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.

9. 

Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

9.1 To obtain indemnification under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

9.2 Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case in the manner provided for in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change of Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of shareholders who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

4

9.3 If a Change of Control shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

10. 

Presumptions and Effects of Certain Proceedings.

10.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear and convincing evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

10.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholder determination will be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any Company proxy statement relating to such shareholder determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law, the Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee.

5

10.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

10.4 For purposes of this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, if his or her action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise, including financial statements, (ii) information supplied to him or her by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of their duties, (iii) the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant or an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in this Section shall mean any other company, corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.4 are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

10.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

11. 

Remedies of Indemnitee.

11.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have been made and delivered in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of New York, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

11.3 If a determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

6

11.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

11.5 In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, but only if he or she prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication that Indemnitee is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee, advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.

12. 

Procedure Regarding Indemnification.

With respect to any Proceedings, the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitees choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been authorized in writing by the Company, or (ii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to him or her which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), in either of which events the fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnitee shall be borne by the Company. If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding, then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof.

13. 

Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution.

13.1 The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

7

13.2 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

13.3 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

13.4 The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

13.5 If a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under this Agreement, then in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations. The determination as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of both the Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court); (ii) the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not obtainable for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

14. 

Duration of Agreement.

This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company, or (b) the final termination of all pending Proceedings in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement hereunder and or any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

8

15. 

Severability.

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

16. 

Entire Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the Prior Agreements); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever, and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements; (ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and (iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, a vote of shareholders or resolution of directors.

17. 

Exception to Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses.

17.1 Except as provided in Section 11.5 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by him against the Company.

17.2 Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar successor statute.

18. 

Covenant Not to Sue; Limitation of Actions; Release of Claims.

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, his or her spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. 

Identical Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

9

20. 

Headings.

The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

21. 

Modification and Waiver.

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. 

Notice by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the Company.

23. 

Notices.

All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

If to the Company, to:

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Attn: Long Long, Chief Executive Officer

or to such other address or such other person as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. 

Governing Law.

The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and performed in that state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts within the State for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any action instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State court within that District.

25. 

Mutual Acknowledgment.

Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that, in certain instances, federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of indemnification to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

10

26. 

Waiver of Claims to Trust Account.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates an initial business combination.

27. 

Miscellaneous.

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO. 

By: /s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex_777315.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
ex_777315.htm

Exhibit 10.7

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

February 10, 2025

Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 19703

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement by and between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) and Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC (Sponsor), will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the effective date (the Commencement Date) of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) for the initial public offering of the Companys securities and continuing until the earlier of (x) the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or (y) the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

(i) Sponsor shall make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, or any successor certain office space, administrative and support services as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay Sponsor, or an affiliate thereof, as determined by the Sponsor, the sum of $10,000 per month on the Commencement Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date; and

(ii) Sponsor hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its choice of law principles.

[Signature Page Follows] 

Very truly yours, 

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO. 

By: 

/s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC SPONSORS II LLC 

By: /s/ Long Long

Name: Long Long

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Administrative Services Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex_777316.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
ex_777316.htm

Exhibit 10.8

NOTE CONVERSION AGREEMENT

This NOTE CONVERSION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of February 12, 2025 by and between Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC (the Holder).

R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS, the Company issued to the Holder a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $290,000, dated as of June 7, 2024 and as amended as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (the Note);

WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering, the Holder desires to convert the entire amount due and outstanding under the Note ($290,000) into units of the Company, each unit consisting of one ordinary share of the Company and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment) (the Private Units), at a price of $10.00 per unit;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Conversion of Notes into the Units. The Company and the Holder acknowledge, agree, represent, warrant and covenant to each other as follows:

(a) The Note is hereby amended to provide for the immediate conversion of all amounts due under the Note.

(b) All amounts due under the Note shall be converted into 29,000 Private Units (the Conversion Units). Promptly following the date hereof, the Company shall issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates evidencing the issuance of the Conversion Units or shall cause the Companys transfer agent to deliver to the Holder a statement evidencing the book-entry position for the Conversion Units in the Holders name.

(c) Except as provided in this Agreement, all amounts due under the Note shall be fully and wholly satisfied and extinguished, and the Note shall be canceled and of no further force or effect, and neither Holder, nor any person or entity claiming under, through or by right of Holder, nor any successor, assignee or other party, shall make any further claim against the Company relating to or arising out of the Note. A failure by Holder to deliver the Note to the Company on or after the date of this Agreement shall not give the Holder, or any person or entity claiming under, through or by right of Holder, nor any successor, assignee or other party, any rights therein or thereto, and Holder shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and their respective employees, officers, directors and agents, from any and all losses which arise directly or indirectly as a result of Holders breach of the representations made in this Agreement and/or a failure to deliver the original Note to the Company which results in claims made therein, thereto or thereunder.

2. Representations and Warranties of the Holder. The Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) The Holder has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the Holders valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(b) The Holder is the sole holder of the Note being delivered to the Company as consideration for the issuance of the Conversion Units. The Note is being delivered to the Company free and clear of any and all liens, charges, encumbrances, security agreements, pledge agreements, conditional sales agreements or other obligations relating to the sale or transfer thereof.

(c) The Holder is acquiring the Conversion Units for investment for the Holders own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or distributing the Conversion Units. The Holder understands that the Conversion Units have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and are being issued to the Holder by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act. The Holder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(d) Restrictions on Resale.

(i) Legend. The Holder acknowledges that until registered under the Securities Act, the certificates representing the Conversion Units shall bear the following or similar legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

(ii) Stop Order. The Holder further acknowledges that the Company reserves the right to place a stop order against the instruments representing the Conversion Units and to refuse to effect any transfers thereof in the absence of an effective registration statement with respect to the Conversion Units or in the absence of an opinion of counsel to the Company that such transfer is exempt from registration under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities laws.

3

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Holder as follows:

(a) The Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the Companys valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(b) The issuance of the Conversion Units has been duly authorized by the Company and the shares underlying the Conversion Units, when issued upon conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly issued as fully paid and nonassessable.

(c) The warrants underlying such Conversion Units, when issued upon conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms hereof, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, and the shares underlying such warrants, when issued subject to the terms and conditions of thereof and the memorandum and articles of association of the Company, will be validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable.

4. General.

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law.

(b) The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, assigns, transferees, heirs, legatees, executors, administrators and personal representatives of the parties hereto.

(c) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and this Agreement supersedes and renders null and void any and all other prior oral or written agreements, understandings or commitments pertaining to the subject matter hereof.

(d) This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature) or other transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note Conversion Agreement as of the date first written above.

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO. 

By: 

/s/ Long Long 

Name:Long Long 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDER:

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC SPONSORS II LLC 

By: /s/ Long Long 

Name: Long Long 

Title: Managing Member
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex_777317.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_777317.htm

Ex. 99.1

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. Announces Pricing of $200 Million Initial Public Offering

CLAYMONT, DE, February 10, 2025 Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company), a newly organized special purpose acquisition company formed as a Cayman Islands exempted company and led by Chairman Eric R. Ball and CEO Long Long, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 20,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of one ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at $11.50 per share. The units are expected to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) under the ticker symbol ATIIU beginning February 11, 2025. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and the warrants are expected to be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols ATII and ATIIW, respectively.

BTIG, LLC is acting as sole book-running manager for the offering.

The Company has granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. The offering is expected to close on February 12, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

A registration statement relating to the securities sold in the initial public offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 10, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from: BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street, New York, New York 10022, or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.com, or by accessing the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. is a blank check company, also commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue a business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, the Company intends to focus its search for businesses in the technology industry, and its focus will be on the artificial intelligence, cloud services and automotive technology sectors.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the Companys initial public offering (IPO) and search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contacts:

Long Long

Chief Executive Officer

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

(725) 312-2430
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex_777413.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
ex_777413.htm

Exhibit 99.2

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. Announces Closing of $230 Million Initial Public Offering, Including Full Exercise of Underwriters Over-Allotment Option

CLAYMONT, DE, February 12, 2025 -- Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) today announced the closing of its initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, which includes 3,000,000 units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option. The offering was priced at $10.00 per unit, resulting in gross proceeds of $230,000,000, before deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses.

The Companys units began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) on February 11, 2025 under the ticker symbol ATIIU. Each unit consists of one ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at $11.50 per share. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols ATII and ATIIW, respectively.

BTIG, LLC is acting as sole book-running manager for the offering.

The offering was made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained from: BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street, New York, New York 10022, or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.comProspectusDelivery@btig.com. The registration statements relating to the securities were declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 10, 2025.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. is a blank check company, also commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue a business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, the Company intends to focus its search for businesses in the technology industry, and its focus will be on the artificial intelligence, cloud services and automotive technology sectors.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the anticipated use of the net proceeds of the offering and the Companys search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the Companys offering filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contacts

Long Long

Chief Executive Officer

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

(725) 312-2430
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>noticker-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>noticker-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>noticker-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareParValue00001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrant Custom [Member] 

OrdinaryShares Custom [Member] 

Warrants Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>noticker-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>w1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity, File Number 001-42514

Entity, Address, Address Line One 2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Entity, Address, City or Town Claymont

Entity, Address, State or Province DE

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 19703

City Area Code 725

Local Phone Number 312-2430

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0002028516

UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareParValue00001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrant Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol ATIIU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

OrdinaryShares Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares

Trading Symbol ATII

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol ATIIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=noticker_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareParValue00001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=noticker_OrdinarySharesCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=noticker_WarrantsCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.noticker.com/20250210/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atii20250211_8k.htm 
noticker-20250210.xsd 
noticker-20250210_def.xml 
noticker-20250210_lab.xml 
noticker-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-004012-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>atii20250211_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002028516 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0002028516 

noticker:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareParValue00001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantCustomMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0002028516 

noticker:OrdinarySharesCustomMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0002028516 

noticker:WarrantsCustomMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

false 
0002028516 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 
E9 
001-42514 
2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968 
Claymont 
DE 
19703 
725 
312-2430 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
ATIIU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary Shares 
ATII 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
ATIIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>