<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001444.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001444.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108171516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250101
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trio Petroleum Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001898766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				871968201
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41643
		FILM NUMBER:		25519301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 BUSINESS PARK, SUITE 115
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(44)7581-192-515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 BUSINESS PARK, SUITE 115
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93309
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189876600018987662025-01-012025-01-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 1, 2025

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41643 87-1968201

(State
or other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA93309

(661)324-3911

(Address
and telephone number, including area code, of registrants principal executive offices)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a
Material Definitive Agreement

On
December 31, 2024, the employment agreement between Trio Petroleum Corp. (the Company) and the Companys Chief Financial
Officer, Greg Overholtzer, terminated by its terms. Effective as of January 1, 2025, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor
Agreement (the Agreement), pursuant to which Mr. Overholtzer continues to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company. The initial term of the Agreement continues until December 31, 2025, provided that the term will renew for successive one
year periods, unless either party notifies the other party at least 30 days prior to the end of the then current term of its desire not
to renew the Agreement. In addition, the Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 60 days prior written notice to the
other party. Upon any such termination by the Company, the Company may terminate the Agreement prior to such 60-day notice period, but
shall be required to pay Mr. Overholtzer the fees payable for such 60-day period. Furthermore, if Mr. Overholtzer provides notice of
termination, but does not continue to provide the required services during such 60-day period, the Company may immediately terminate
the Agreement and shall only be required to pay Mr. Overholtzer fees payable through such date of termination. Notwithstanding any of
the foregoing, if the Company fails to timely pay Mr. Overholtzer any monthly fee, he shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
on 30-days notice.

Mr.
Overholtzer is entitled to the payment of a monthly fee of $12,500 for his services and reimbursement of all pre-approved expenses relating
to his services upon presentation of invoices and receipts reasonably acceptable to the Company.

Each
of the Company and Mr. Overholtzer has made customary representations and warranties to each other, and Mr. Overholtzer has
agreed that during the term of the Agreement and for a period of two years, thereafter, not to solicit any employee of the Company
for employment with any other business. Mr. Overholtzer has also agreed to a standard form of confidentiality provision under the
terms of the Agreement and customary provisions relating to insider trading. Mr. Overholtzer has also agreed to assign to the
Company any intellectual property rights relating to his services to the Company.

The
foregoing description of the material terms of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Independent Contractor Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between Trio Petroleum Corp. and Greg Overholtzer

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Date:
January 8, 2025 By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name:
Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Independent
Contractor Agreement

Dated
as of January 1, 2025

This
Independent Contractor Agreement (Agreement) is made and entered into as of the date first set forth above (the Effective
Date), by and between Trio Petroleum Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Greg Overholtzer (Contractor).
Each of the Company and Contractor may be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
Contractor is in the business of providing services to entities such as the Company, and the Company deems it to be in its best interest
to retain Contractor to render to the Company such services as may be needed; and

WHEREAS,
the Parties agree, after having a complete understanding of the services desired and the services to be provided, that the Company desires
to retain Contractor to provide such assistance through its services for the Company, and Contractor is willing to provide such services
to the Company;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Engagement.
In exchange for the compensation as set forth herein and subject to the other terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the Company
hereby engages Contractor during the Term (as defined below), on a non-exclusive basis, to render the Services set forth in Section
2 as an independent contractor of the Company, and Contractor hereby accepts such engagement.

2. Services.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions and for the Term, Contractor shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and shall provide
the services related thereto (the Services) and shall report to Robin Ross, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
and the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) and to such other persons as designated by the Chief Executive
Officer or the Board.

(b) Notwithstanding
the definition of the Services as set forth above, the Contractor shall not provide any of services to the Company
which are prohibited by applicable laws or regulations from being provided by an independent contractor.

(c) Contractor
will use Contractors commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Services using the best of Contractors professional
skills and in a manner consistent with generally accepted standards for the performance of such work. Contractor shall devote such
of Contractors time and effort necessary to the discharge of Contractors duties hereunder.

3. Term;
Termination.

(a) The
term of this Agreement (the Initial Term) shall begin as of the Effective Date and shall end on the earlier of (i)
the first (1st) annual anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the time of the termination of the Contractors engagement
in accordance with the provisions herein. The Initial Term and any Renewal Term (as defined below) shall automatically be extended
for one or more additional terms of one (1) year each (each a Renewal Term and together with the Initial Term, the
Term), unless either the Company or Contractor provides notice to the other Party of their desire to not so renew the
Initial Term or Renewal Term (as applicable) at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the then-current Initial Term or
Renewal Term, as applicable.

(b) This
Agreement, the Term and Contractors engagement by the Company may be terminated by either Party at any time (each, a Termination)
upon 60 days prior written notice to the other Party.

(c) Upon
any Termination by the Company, the Term shall continue for such 60-day period, and the Company shall continue to pay Contractor
the then-applicable Monthly Fee for such 60-day period, unless the Company elects to terminate the Term prior to the expiration of
such 60-day period, in which event the Term will be deemed terminated as the date of such election by the Company, and provided that
in such case the Company shall continue to pay Contractor the then-applicable Monthly Fee for such 60-day period.

(d) Upon
any Termination by the Contractor, the Term shall continue for such 60-day period, and the Company shall continue to pay Contractor
the then-applicable Monthly Fee for such 60-day period, unless Contractor ceases to perform Contractors duties hereunder prior
to the expiration of such 60-day period, in which event the Term will be deemed terminated as the date of such cessation of services
and the Company will pay Contractor the then-applicable Monthly Fee only through such date.

(e) If
the monthly consulting fee is not paid when due on the first working day of the following month, the Contractor reserves the right
to terminate this agreement with a reduced notice period of 30 days. This notice period shall commence from the date written notice
of termination is provided to the Company. All other terms of the agreement shall remain in effect during this notice period unless
otherwise agreed in writing by both parties.

(f) Upon
the termination or expiration of the Term, the Parties shall have no further obligations hereunder other than those which arose prior
to such termination or which are explicitly set forth herein as surviving any such termination or expiration.

4. Compensation
and Expenses.

(a) As
full and complete compensation for Contractors agreement to perform the Services, the Company shall pay to Contractor a fee
of $12,500 on the first business following the end of the month for each full calendar month of the Term (the Monthly Fee),
with the Monthly Fee for any fractional calendar month of the Term to be appropriately pro-rated.

(b) During
the Term of the Agreement the Company will reimburse the Contractors travel and other reasonable expenses related to Contractors
performance under this Agreement, on a monthly basis, within 30 days of Contractors submission to Company of invoices and
receipts related to said expenses in form as reasonably acceptable to the Company. All expenses must be approved in writing by the
Company in advance of Contractor incurring said expenses, and any expenses not pre-approved in writing by Company shall not be reimbursed
and shall be Contractors sole responsibility.

(c) Contractor
shall be responsible for any and all taxes incurred by or payable by Contractor with respect to all compensation or reimbursement
of expenses or any other payments made to Contractor hereunder. In furtherance thereof, Contractor shall pay to the Company, or make
arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, all federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required
by applicable laws and regulations to be withheld by the Company with respect to such amount. Contractor shall be responsible for
the payment of all taxes required to be paid in connection with the issuance or vesting of the Granted Shares.

5. No
Employee Status. The Parties also acknowledge and agree that Contractor is an independent contractor and is not an employee of
Company. As such, Company shall not be liable for any employment tax, withholding tax, social security tax, workers compensation
or any other tax, insurance, expense or liability with respect to any or all compensation, reimbursements and remuneration Contractor
may receive hereunder, all of which shall be the sole responsibility of Contractor. Contractor is solely responsible for the reporting
and payment of, all pertinent federal, state, or local self-employment or income taxes, licensing fees, or any other taxes or assessments
levied by governmental authorities, as well as for all other liabilities or payments related to those services. The Parties also
acknowledge and agree that Contractor is not a licensed securities broker or salesperson, and that Contractor will not be participating
in, nor compensated for, any unlicensed securities sales activities other than those permitted under any of the exemptions set forth
in applicable securities laws.

6. Relationship
of the Parties.

(a) Contractor
is retained by the Company as an officer of the Company and for the purposes of and to the extent set forth in this Agreement, and
Contractor relation to the Company during the period of Contractors engagement hereunder shall be that of an independent
contractor and an officer of the Company. Contractor shall not, nor, as applicable, shall any of Contractors agents, have
employee status with the Company or be entitled to participate in any plans, arrangements or distributions by the Company pertaining
to or in connection with any pension, stock, bonus, profit-sharing or similar benefits as may be available to the Companys
employees.

(b) Other
than in Contractors position as an officer of the Company, this Agreement does not create a relationship of principal and
agent, joint venture, partnership or employment between the Company and Contractor. Contractor engagement hereunder is not
a franchise or business opportunity. Neither Party shall be liable for any obligations incurred by the other except as expressly
provided herein.

(c) Any
person hired by Contractor shall be the employee of Contractor and not of the Company, and all compensation, payroll taxes, facilities
and related expenses for any such employee shall be the sole responsibility of Contractor.

7. Representations
and Warranties.

(a) Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Company represents and warrants hereunder that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereunder have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite corporate action; that Company has the full right, power and capacity
to execute, deliver and perform its obligations hereunder; and that this Agreement, upon execution and delivery of the same by Company,
will represent the valid and binding obligation of Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the application of
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and general principles of equity, regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity (the Enforceability
Exceptions). The representations and warranties set forth herein shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

(b) Representations
and Warranties of Contractor. Contractor represents and warrants hereunder that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereunder have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action; that Contractor has the full right, power and capacity to
execute, deliver and perform Contractors obligations hereunder; and that this Agreement, upon execution and delivery of the
same by Contractor, will represent the valid and binding obligation of Contractor enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject
to the Enforceability Exceptions. Contractor represents and warrants that all personnel or agents of Contractor who perform any activities
on behalf of the Company hereunder or otherwise are legally authorized and permitted to work in the United States and for the benefit
of the Company hereunder. The representations and warranties set forth herein shall survive the termination or expiration of this
Agreement.

8. Non-Solicitation.
In recognition and consideration of Companys existing business and other legitimate business interests, Contractor agrees
that, for the Term and for a period of 2 years thereafter, Contractor shall not, directly or indirectly solicit or discuss with any
employee of Company the employment of such Company employee by any other commercial enterprise other than Company, nor recruit, attempt
to recruit, hire or attempt to hire any such Company employee on behalf of any commercial enterprise other than Company. Nothing
in this Section 8 shall prohibit Contractor for undertaking a general recruitment advertisement provided that the foregoing is not
targeted towards any person identified above, or from hiring, employing or engaging any such person who responds to such general
recruitment advertisement. Contractor admits and agrees that Contractors breach of the provisions of this Section 8 would
result in irreparable harm to Company. Accordingly, in the event of Contractors breach or threatened breach of this Section
8, Contractor agrees that Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach without the necessity
of posting a bond or other security. Further, in the event of Contractors breach, the duration of the restrictions contained
in this Section 8 shall be extended for the entire time that the breach existed so that Company is provided with the full time period
provided herein. In addition to injunctive relief, Company shall be entitled to any other remedy available in law or equity by reason
of Contractors breach or threatened breach of the restrictions contained in this Section 8. If the Company retains an attorney
to enforce the provisions of this Section 8, the Company shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs
so incurred from the applicable Investor, both prior to filing a lawsuit, during the lawsuit and on appeal. Contractor represents
and warrants that it has carefully read and considered the provisions of this Section 8 and, having done so, agrees that the restrictions
set forth in this Section 8 are fair and reasonable and are reasonably required for the protection of the legitimate business interests
of the Company. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any of the foregoing restrictions are unenforceable,
the Parties hereto agree that it is their desire that such court substitute an enforceable restriction in place of any restriction
deemed unenforceable, and that the substitute restriction be deemed incorporated herein and enforceable against Contractor. It is
the intent of the Parties that the court, in so determining any such enforceable substitute restriction, recognize that it is their
intent that the foregoing restrictions be imposed and maintained to the greatest extent possible.

9. Trade
Names and Trademarks. Contractor agrees that it will use only such trade names, trademarks or other designations of the Company
or any simulations thereof as may be authorized in writing by the Company. All such use shall be in accordance with the Companys
instructions and any such authorization may be withdrawn or modified at any time. Contractor will, in the event this Agreement is
terminated, cease all use of any of the Companys trade names, trademarks or other designations or other simulations thereof.
Contractor will not register or attempt to register or assert any right of ownership in any of the Companys trade names, trademarks
or other designations or any simulations thereof. Contractor shall immediately notify the Company in writing upon learning of any
potential or actual infringement of any trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary right owned by or licensed to the Company,
or of any actual or potential infringement by the Company of the rights of any third party.

10. Confidential
Information.

(a) For
purposes of this Agreement, and except as provided below, Confidential Information of the Company shall mean any confidential,
proprietary or trade secret information, data or know-how which relates to the business, research, services, products, customers,
suppliers, employees, or financial information of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or parent entities, including, but not limited
to, product or service specifications, designs, drawings, prototypes, computer programs, models, business plans, marketing plans,
financial data, financial statements, financial forecasts and statistical information, in each case that is marked as confidential,
proprietary or secret, or with an alternate legend or marking indicating the confidentiality thereof or which, from the nature thereof
should reasonably be expected to be confidential or proprietary, and any other Material Non-Public Information (as defined below),
in each case which is disclosed by the Company or on its behalf, before or after the date hereof, to Contractor either in writing,
orally, by inspection or in any other form or medium. Any technical or business information of a third person furnished or disclosed
shall be deemed Confidential Information of the Company unless otherwise specifically indicated in writing to the contrary.

(b) For
purposes of this Agreement, and except as provided below, Material Non-Public Information shall mean any information
obtained by Contractor hereunder, whether otherwise constituting Confidential Information or not, with respect to which there is
a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider such information important or valuable in making any of his, her
or its investment decisions or recommendations to others with respect to the Company or any of its equity securities or debt, or
any derivatives thereof, or information that is reasonably certain to have a substantial effect on the price of the Companys
securities or debt, or any derivatives thereof, whether positive or negative.

(c) Contractor
agrees to use the Confidential Information only for the purpose of performing the Services (the Purpose) and shall
use reasonable care not to disclose Confidential Information to any non-affiliated third party, such care to be at least equal to
the care exercised by Contractor as to Contractors own Confidential Information, which standard of care shall not be less
than the current industry standard in effect as of the date of such receipt. Contractor agrees that it shall make disclosure of any
such Confidential Information only to employees (including temporary and leased employees subject to a confidentiality obligation),
officers, directors, attorneys and wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, Representatives), to whom disclosure is
reasonably necessary for the Purpose. Contractor shall appropriately notify such Representatives that the disclosure is made in confidence
and shall be kept in confidence in accordance with this Agreement. Contractor shall be responsible for the failure of Contractors
Representatives to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

(d) Without
the prior consent of the Company, Contractor shall not remove any proprietary, copyright, trade secret or other protective legend
from the Confidential Information.

(e) Contractor
acknowledges that the Confidential Information disclosed hereunder may constitute Technical Data and may be subject
to the export laws and regulations of the United States. Contractor agrees it will not knowingly export, directly or indirectly,
any Confidential Information or any direct product incorporating any Confidential Information, whether or not otherwise permitted
under this Agreement, to any countries, agencies, groups or companies prohibited by the United States Government unless proper authorization
is obtained.

(f) Nothing
herein shall be construed as granting to Contractor or Contractors affiliates any right or license to use or practice any
of the information defined herein as Confidential Information and which is subject to this Agreement as well as any trade secrets,
know-how, copyrights, inventions, patents or other intellectual property rights now or hereafter owned or controlled by the of the
Company. Except as allowed by applicable law, Contractor shall not use any tradename, service mark or trademark of the of the Company
or refer to the of the Company in any promotional or sales activity or materials without first obtaining the prior written consent
of the Company.

(g) The
obligations imposed in this Agreement (other than those set forth in Section 10(d) and Section 11) shall not apply to any information
that:

(i) was
already in the possession of Contractor at the time of disclosure without restrictions on its use or is independently developed by
Contractor after the effective date of this Agreement, provided that the person or persons developing same have not used any information
received from the Company in such development, or is rightfully obtained from a source other than from the Company;

(ii) is
in the public domain at the time of disclosure or subsequently becomes available to the general public through no fault of Contractor;

(iii) is
obtained by Contractor from a third person who is under no obligation of confidence to the Company; or

(iv) is
disclosed without restriction by the Company.

(h) Contractor
may disclose such Confidential Information as required to be disclosed pursuant to the order of a court or administrative body of
competent jurisdiction or a government agency, provided that Contractor shall notify the Company prior to such disclosure and shall
cooperate with the Company in the event the Company elects to legally contest, request confidential treatment, or otherwise avoid
such disclosure and shall thereafter only disclose such portion of the Confidential Information as legally required to disclose.

(i) Upon
termination of this Agreement for any reason or upon request by the Company made at any time, all Confidential Information, together
with any copies of same as may be authorized herein, shall be returned to the Company, or destroyed and certified as such by an officer
of Contractor. Contractor may retain one copy of all written Confidential Information for Contractors files for reference
in the event of a dispute hereunder.

(j) As
between the Company and Contractor, the Confidential Information and any Derivative thereof (as defined below), whether created by
the Company or Contractor, will remain the property of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Derivative shall
mean: (i) for copyrightable or copyrighted material, any translation, abridgement, revision or other form in which an existing work
may be recast, transformed or adapted, and which constitutes a derivative work under the Copyright laws of the United States; (ii)
for patentable or patented material, any improvement thereon; and (iii) for material which is protected by trade secret, any new
material derived from such existing trade secret material, including new material which may be protected by copyright, patent and/or
trade secret.

11. Standstill.

(a) Contractor
acknowledges and agrees that the Company is a public company, currently trading on the NYSE American exchange.

(b) Contractor
agrees that, for as long as any information, including Confidential Information, continues to meet the definition of Material Non-Public
Information as set forth herein (the Standstill Period), Contractor shall not, and Contractor shall ensure that none
of its Representatives shall:

(i) buy
or sell any securities or derivative securities of or related to the Company, or any interest therein;

(ii) undertake
any actions or activities that would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the rules and regulations thereunder, or of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including,
without limitation, Section 10(b) thereunder, or the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5
promulgated thereunder;

(iii) effect,
seek, offer or propose (whether publicly or otherwise) to effect, or cause or participate in, or in any way assist any other corporation,
partnership, group, individual or other entity (each, a Person) to effect, seek, offer or propose (whether publicly
or otherwise) to effect or participate in (1) any acquisition of any securities (or beneficial ownership thereof) or all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (2) any tender or exchange offer, merger or other business combination
involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (3) any recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation, dissolution or other extraordinary
transaction with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (4) any solicitation of proxies
(as such terms are used in the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or consents to vote any voting securities of
the Company;

(iv) form,
join or in any way participate in a group (as defined under the Exchange Act) with respect to the securities of the
Company;

(v) make
any public announcement with respect to, or submit an unsolicited proposal for or offer of (with or without condition), any extraordinary
transaction involving the Company or its securities or assets;

(vi) otherwise
act, alone or in concert with others, to seek to control or influence the management, Board or policies of the Company;

(vii) take
any action which might force the Company to make a public announcement regarding any of the types of matters set forth in Section
11(b)(iii); or

(viii) enter
into any discussions or arrangements with any third party with respect to any of the foregoing.

(c) Contractor
also agrees during the Standstill Period not to request the Company (or its directors, officers, employees or agents), directly or
indirectly, to amend or waive any provision of this Section 11 (including this sentence).

12. Intellectual
Property Rights.

(a) Disclosure
of Work Product. As used in this Agreement, the term Work Product means any invention, whether or not patentable,
know-how, designs, mask works, trademarks, formulae, processes, manufacturing techniques, trade secrets, ideas, artwork, software
or any copyrightable or patentable works. Contractor agrees to disclose promptly in writing to Company, or any person designated
by the Company, all Work Product that is solely or jointly conceived, made, reduced to practice, or learned by Contractor in the
course of the provision of the Services or any work performed for the Company (Company Work Product). Contractor agrees
(a) to use Contractors best efforts to maintain such Company Work Product in trust and strict confidence; (b) not to use Company
Work Product in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; and (c) not to disclose any such Company
Work Product to any third party without first obtaining the Companys express written consent on a case-by-case basis.

(b) Ownership
of Company Work Product. Contractor agrees that any and all Company Work Product conceived, written, created or first reduced
to practice in the performance of work under this Agreement shall be deemed work for hire under applicable law and
shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.

(c) Assignment
of Company Work Product. Contractor irrevocably assigns to the Company all right, title and interest worldwide in and to the
Company Work Product and all applicable intellectual property rights related to the Company Work Product, including without limitation,
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, moral rights, contract and licensing rights (the Proprietary Rights).
Except as set forth below, Contractor retains no rights to use the Company Work Product and agrees not to challenge the validity
of the Companys ownership in the Company Work Product. Contractor hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive,
fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable and world-wide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees,
to reproduce, make derivative works of, publicly perform, and display in any form or medium whether now known or later developed,
distribute, make, use and sell any and all Contractor owned or controlled Work Product or technology that Contractor uses to complete
the services and which is necessary for the Company to use or exploit the Company Work Product.

(d) Assistance.
Contractor agrees to cooperate with the Company or its designee(s), both during and after the Term, in the procurement and maintenance
of Companys rights in Company Work Product and to execute, when requested, any other documents deemed necessary by Company
to carry out the purpose of this Agreement. Contractor will assist the Company in every proper way to obtain, and from time to time
enforce, United States and foreign Proprietary Rights relating to Company Work Product in any and all countries. Contractors
obligation to assist Company with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to such Company Work Product in any and all countries shall
continue beyond the termination of this Agreement, but the Company shall compensate Contractor at a reasonable rate to be mutually
agreed upon after such termination for the time actually spent by Contractor at the Companys request on such assistance.

(e) Execution
of Documents. In the event the Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure Contractors signature
on any document requested by the Company pursuant to this Section 12 within seven (7) days of the Companys initial request
to Contractor, Contractor hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Contractors
agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on Contractors behalf solely to
execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this Section with
the same legal force and effect as if executed by Contractor. Contractor hereby waives and quitclaims to the Company any and all
claims, of any nature whatsoever, which Contractor now or may hereafter have for infringement of any Proprietary Rights assignable
hereunder to the Company.

(f) Contractor
Representations and Warranties. Contractor hereby represents and warrants that: (i) Company Work Product will be an original
work of Contractor or all applicable third parties will have executed assignments of rights reasonably acceptable to the Company;
(ii) neither the Company Work Product nor any element thereof will infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party;
(iii) neither the Company Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges,
security interests, encumbrances or encroachments; and (iv) Contractor will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest
whatsoever in the Company Work Product to any third party.

13. Indemnification.
In the event either Party is subject to any action, claim or proceeding resulting from the others gross negligence or intentional
breach of this Agreement, the Party at fault agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other from any such action, claim or proceeding.
Indemnification shall include all fees, costs and reasonable attorneys fees that the indemnified Party may incur. In claiming
indemnification hereunder, the indemnified Party shall promptly provide the indemnifying Party written notice of any claim that the
indemnified Party reasonably believes falls within the scope of this Agreement. The indemnified Party may, at its expense, assist
in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the indemnifying Party shall control such defense, and all negotiations relative to
the settlement of any such claim. Any settlement intended to bind the indemnified Party shall not be final without the indemnified
Partys written consent. Any liability of a Party and its officers, directors, controlling persons, employees or agents shall
not exceed the amount of fees actually paid to Contractor by the Company pursuant this Agreement.

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing. Notices may be served by certified or registered mail, postage paid with return
receipt requested; by private courier, prepaid; by other reliable form of electronic communication; or personally. Mailed notices
shall be deemed delivered five (5) days after mailing, properly addressed. Couriered notices shall be deemed delivered on the date
that the courier warrants that delivery will occur. Electronic communication notices shall be deemed delivered when receipt is either
confirmed by confirming transmission equipment or acknowledged by the addressee or its office. Personal delivery shall be effective
when accomplished. Any Party may change its address by giving notice, in writing, stating its new address, to the other Party. Subject
to the forgoing, notices shall be sent as follows:

If
to the Company:

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Attn:
Robin Ross

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA 93309

Email:
rross@triopetroleum.us

With
a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Anthony,
Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC

Attn:
John Cacomanolis

1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West
Palm Beach, FL 33401

Email:
JCacomanolis@alclaw.com

If
to Contractor, to the address for notices as set forth on the signature page hereof.

(b) Accuracy
of Statements. Each Party represents and warrants that no representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, and no statement
delivered or information supplied to the other Party pursuant hereto, contains an untrue statement of material fact or omits to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements or information contained herein or therein not misleading. The representations
and warranties made in this Agreement will be continued and will remain true and complete in all material respects and will survive
the execution of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth all the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and understandings between the Parties,
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements or conditions, expressed or implied, oral or
written, except as herein or therein contained.

(d) Survival.
The provisions of Section 8, Section 9, Section 10, Section 11, Section 12, Section 13 and Section 14 of this Agreement, and any
additional provisions as required to effect any of such Sections, shall survive any termination or expiration hereof, and provided
that no expiration or termination of this Agreement shall excuse a Party for any liability for obligations arising prior to such
expiration or termination.

(e) Binding
Effect; Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or
any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or
any right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, including by merger, consolidation,
operation of law, or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Party and any such purported assignment in contravention
of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect.

(f) Amendment.
The Parties hereby irrevocably agree that no attempted amendment, modification, termination, discharge or change (collectively, Amendment)
of this Agreement shall be valid and effective, unless the Parties shall unanimously agree in writing to such Amendment.

(g) No
Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the Party against
whom it is asserted, and any such written waiver shall only be applicable to the specific instance to which it relates and shall
not be deemed to be a continuing or future waiver. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising on the part of either of the
Parties any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of it, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any other right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of its exercise of any other right, power or privilege

(h) Gender
and Use of Singular and Plural. All pronouns shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural,
as the identity of the Party or Parties, or their personal representatives, successors and assigns may require.

(i) Headings.
The article and section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of the Agreement.

(j) Governing
Law; Etc.

(i) This
Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted,
construed, governed and enforced under and in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of Delaware in each
case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, without giving effect to the principles of
conflicts of law of the State of Delaware or any other State or jurisdiction.

(ii) SUBJECT
TO SECTION 14(k), ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN SHALL BE INSTITUTED SOLELY IN THE FEDERAL COURTS
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN KERN COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, AND EACH
PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND
IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH
COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

(iii) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR THE PERFORMANCE
THEREOF (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 14(j)(iii). Each
of the Parties acknowledge that each has been represented in connection with the signing of this waiver by independent legal counsel
selected by the respective Party and that such Party has discussed the legal consequences and import of this waiver with legal counsel.
Each of the Parties further acknowledge that each has read and understands the meaning of this waiver and grants this waiver knowingly,
voluntarily, without duress and only after consideration of the consequences of this waiver with legal counsel.

(k) Resolution
of Disputes. Except as otherwise provided herein, all controversies, disputes or actions between the Parties arising out of this
Agreement, including their respective Affiliates, owners, officers, directors, agents and employees, arising from or relating to
this Agreement shall on demand of either Party be submitted for arbitration to in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator jointly selected by the Parties, provided,
however, that if such Parties are unable to agree on the identity of the arbitrator within 10 Business Days of commencement of efforts
to do so, each Party shall select one arbitrator and the arbitrators so selected shall select a final arbitrator, and the final arbitrator
shall conduct the arbitration alone. The Parties agree that, in connection with any such arbitration proceeding, each shall submit
or file any claim which would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedures)
within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim which is not submitted or filed in such proceeding shall
be barred. The arbitrator shall be instructed to use every reasonable effort to perform its services within seven days of request,
and, in any case, as soon as practicable. The Parties agree to be bound by the provisions of any limitation on the period of time
by which claims must be brought under Delaware law or any applicable federal law. The arbitrator shall have the right to award the
relief which he or she deems proper, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including compensatory damages (with interest on
unpaid amounts from due date), injunctive relief, specific performance, legal damages and costs. The award and decision of the arbitrator
shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Any right to contest the validity or enforceability of this award shall be governed exclusively by the United States Arbitration
Act. The arbitration shall be conducted in Bakersfield, California. The provisions of this Section 14(k) shall continue in full force
and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

(l) Severability;
Expenses; Further Assurances. If any term, condition or other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other terms, conditions
and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination
that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to
modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in
order that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each Party shall be responsible for the expenses it may incur in connection
with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of this Agreement. The Parties shall from time
to time do and perform any additional acts and execute and deliver any additional documents and instruments that may be required
by law or reasonably requested by any Party to establish, maintain or protect its rights and remedies under, or to effect the intents
and purposes of, this Agreement.

(m) Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not performed by them in accordance with the terms hereof or were otherwise breached and that each Party hereto shall be entitled
to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of the provisions hereof and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the proof of actual damages, in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity. Each Party agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in
connection with any such equitable remedy, and agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief on the basis that (a) the other Party has an adequate remedy at law, or (b) an award of specific performance
is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity.

(n) Attorneys
Fees. If any Party hereto is required to engage in litigation against any other Party, either as plaintiff or as defendant, in
order to enforce or defend any rights under this Agreement, and such litigation results in a final judgment in favor of such Party
(Prevailing Party), then the party or parties against whom said final judgment is obtained shall reimburse the Prevailing
Party for all direct, indirect or incidental expenses incurred, including, but not limited to, all attorneys fees, court costs
and other expenses incurred throughout all negotiations, trials or appeals undertaken in order to enforce the Prevailing Partys
rights hereunder.

(o) Parties
in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each Party, and nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person or entity any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or
by reason of this Agreement other than as specifically set forth herein.

(p) Execution
in Counterparts, Electronic Transmission. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other
transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective
for all purposes.

[Signatures
appear on following page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Greg
Overholtzer

By: /s/
Greg Overholtzer

Name: Greg
Overholtzer

Address
for notices:

Greg
Overholtzer

562
Karina Ct

Sam
Ramon, CA 94582

Email:
goverholtzer@juno.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tpet-20250101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tpet-20250101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tpet-20250101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001444-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001898766 

2025-01-01 
2025-01-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001898766 
8-K 
2025-01-01 
Trio Petroleum Corp. 
DE 
001-41643 
87-1968201 
5401 Business Park South 
Suite 115 
Bakersfield 
CA 
93309 
(661) 
324-3911 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41643

Entity Registrant Name Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001898766

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1968201

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5401
Business Park South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 115

Entity Address, City or Town Bakersfield

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 93309

City Area Code (661)

Local Phone Number 324-3911

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trio-petroleum.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
tpet-20250101.xsd 
tpet-20250101_lab.xml 
tpet-20250101_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>