<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-023966.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-023966.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314161532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-023966
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Walker & Dunlop, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001497770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35000
		FILM NUMBER:		25740189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 215-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000149777000014977702025-03-142025-03-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported):March 14, 2025

Walker &
Dunlop, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 001-35000 80-0629925

(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, MD 20814

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (301) 215-5500

Not applicable 

(Former name or former address if changed since
last report.)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol Name
of each exchange on which 

registered

Common
Stock, $0.01 Par Value Per Share WD New York Stock Exchange

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes

General

On March 14, 2025, Walker & Dunlop, Inc.
(the Company) completed its previously announced offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured
notes due 2033 (the Notes). The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 14, 2025 (the
Indenture), among the Company, the Guarantors (as defined below) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee.

The Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.625%
per annum, accruing from March 14, 2025. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year,
commencing on October 1, 2025. The Notes mature on April 1, 2033. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the
Guarantors.

The Company used the proceeds of the Notes offering,
together with the Term Loan (as defined below) proceeds to refinance and reduce the Prior Term Loan (as defined below) and for general
corporate purposes.

Redemption

The Company may redeem some or all of the Notes
at its option prior to April 1, 2028, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus a make-whole
premium described in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date.

At any time prior to April 1, 2028, the Company
may also redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain public equity offerings
of the Companys common stock at a redemption price equal to 106.625% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date; provided that (i) at least 60% of the principal amount
of all Notes issued under the Indenture remains outstanding immediately after any such redemption, and (ii) the Company makes such
redemption not more than 120 days after the consummation of any such equity offering.

The Company may redeem the Notes at its option,
in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the following redemption prices: from April 1, 2028 to March 31, 2029,
at a redemption price equal to 103.313% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to but excluding the redemption date; from April 1, 2029 to March 31, 2030, at a redemption price equal to 101.656% of the principal
amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date; and from April 1,
2030 and thereafter, at a redemption price equal to 100.000% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Certain Covenants

The Indenture contains certain covenants that
are binding on the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, restrictions (subject to certain exceptions,
limitations, and qualifications as set forth in the Indenture) on the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to make certain
restricted payments, declare or pay dividends or make related distributions, make investments, incur indebtedness, merge, consolidate
or enter into any similar combination, enter into any asset disposition of all or substantially all assets, or liquidate, wind-up or dissolve,
to make asset dispositions, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, create liens on their property, make certain guarantees,
or enter into sale and leaseback transactions. Additionally, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the
Indenture), the Company will be required to make an offer to repurchase all of the outstanding notes at a price in cash equal to 101%
of the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of
purchase.

Other Terms

The Indenture contains customary events of default
(which are in some cases subject to certain exceptions, thresholds, notice requirements and grace periods), including, but not limited
to, non-payment of principal or interest or other amounts, failure to make an offer to repurchase upon a Change of Control
and thereafter accept and pay for any Notes tendered when required, failure to perform or observe covenants, cross-defaults with certain
other material indebtedness, voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings and certain judgments.

The Notes were offered only to persons reasonably
believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities
Act), or to non-U.S. investors in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes were not, and will not be, registered
under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws.

The foregoing description of the Indenture does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

On March 14, 2025, the Company entered into
a senior secured amended and restated credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with the lenders referred to therein,
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Agent), sole lead arranger and bookrunner for the Term Loan
(as defined below) and joint lead arranger for the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below), and Bank of America, N.A., as joint lead
arranger for the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). The Credit Agreement amends and restates the Companys $800 million
term loan, which was governed by that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among the Company, the lenders
party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 12,
2023, and Amendment No. 2 dated as of May 22, 2024 (the Prior Term Loan). The Credit Agreement provides
for a $450 million term loan (the Term Loan) and a $50 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving
Credit Facility). At any time, the Company may also elect to request the establishment of one or more incremental term loan
facilities and/or one or more incremental revolving credit facilities (any such additional loan, an Incremental Loan)
in an aggregate principal amount for all such Incremental Loans not to exceed the sum of (i) the greater of $325 million and 100%
of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of the most recent test period under the Credit Agreement ending
on or immediately prior to such date plus (ii) the maximum amount of indebtedness that could be incurred at such time that would
not cause the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to exceed 3.00 to 1.00, subject to certain
conditions and receipt of commitments by existing or additional lenders.

The Company used the Term Loan proceeds, together
with the proceeds of the Notes, to refinance and reduce the Prior Term Loan and for general corporate purposes, and will use Revolving
Credit Facility proceeds for general corporate purposes and working capital, in each case as permitted by the Credit Agreement.

The Company is required to repay the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan in consecutive quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of
such Term Loan (subject to certain adjustments for prepayments of the Term Loan) on the last business day of each of March, June, September and
December commencing on June 30, 2025. The final principal installment of the Term Loan is required to be paid in full on March 14,
2032 (or, if earlier, the date of acceleration of the Term Loan pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement) and will be in an amount
equal to the aggregate outstanding principal of the Term Loan on such date (together with all accrued interest thereon). The final outstanding
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is required to be paid in full on March 14, 2028,
together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon (or, if earlier, the date of acceleration of the Revolving Credit Loans pursuant
to the terms of the Credit Agreement).

At the Companys election, the Term Loan
will bear interest at either (i) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an interest margin of 1.00%
or (ii) a Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an interest margin of 2.00%, in each case, with a reduction
of 0.25% if the Companys Consolidated Corporate Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is equal to or less than 2.00
to 1.00. The loans under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Companys option, either: (A) the
Alternate Base Rate plus an interest margin of 0.75%, (B) a Term SOFR Rate plus an interest margin of 1.75%, or (C) Daily Simple
SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an interest margin of 1.75%. The Revolving Credit Facility will be subject to a commitment
fee equal to 0.25% per annum of the daily undrawn portion of the commitments thereunder. The Company will also be required to pay customary
letter of credit and agency fees under the Credit Agreement.

The obligations of the Company under the Credit
Agreement are guaranteed by Walker & Dunlop Multifamily, Inc., Walker & Dunlop, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Capital,
LLC, W&D BE, Inc., and Walker & Dunlop Investment Sales, LLC, each of which is a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company (the Guarantors and, together with the Company, the Loan Parties), pursuant to
that certain Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement entered into on March 14, 2025 among the Loan Parties and the
Agent (the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), which amends and restates in its entirety the Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, entered into in connection with the Prior Term Loan. Subject to certain exceptions and
qualifications contained in the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to cause any newly created or acquired subsidiary, unless such
subsidiary has been designated as an Excluded Subsidiary (as defined in the Credit Agreement) by the Company in accordance with the terms
of the Credit Agreement, to guarantee the obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement and become a party to the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement. The Company may designate a newly created or acquired subsidiary as an Excluded Subsidiary so long as certain conditions
and requirements provided for in the Credit Agreement are met. In addition, under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the obligations
of the Loan Parties under and in respect of the Credit Agreement are secured by each Loan Partys equity interest in direct or indirect
subsidiaries owned on the date of the Credit Agreement (excluding Excluded Subsidiaries) and certain other assets and personal property
of the Loan Parties other than Excluded Assets (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement). Collateral with respect to any
Permitted Funding Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and Agency Repurchase Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
is not included in the collateral securing the Credit Agreement, provided that in no event shall such collateral include (a) any
right to payments owed to any Loan Party under any of the Servicing Contracts (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or (b) any MSR
Assets (as defined in the Credit Agreement), other than such rights to payment and MSR Assets relating to loans included in such collateral.

The Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative
and negative covenants that are binding on the Loan Parties, including, but not limited to, restrictions (subject to specified exceptions
and qualifications) on the ability of the Loan Parties to incur indebtedness, to create liens on their property, to make investments,
to merge, consolidate or enter into any similar combination, or enter into any asset disposition of all or substantially all assets, or
liquidate, wind-up or dissolve, to make asset dispositions, to declare or pay dividends or make related distributions, to enter into certain
transactions with affiliates, to enter into any negative pledges or other restrictive agreements, and to engage in any business other
than the business of the Loan Parties as of the date of the Credit Agreement and business activities reasonably related or ancillary thereto,
or to amend certain material contracts.

In addition, the Credit Agreement contains a financial
covenant requiring the Company not to permit its Asset Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to be less than 1.50 to 1.00,
tested quarterly.

The Credit Agreement contains customary events
of default (which are in some cases subject to certain exceptions, thresholds, notice requirements and grace periods), including, but
not limited to, non-payment of principal or interest or other amounts, misrepresentations, failure to perform or observe covenants, cross-defaults
with certain other indebtedness or material agreements, certain change in control events, voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings,
failure of the Credit Agreement or other loan documents to be valid and binding, and certain ERISA events and judgments.

The foregoing descriptions of the Credit Agreement
and the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Credit
Agreement and the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

Some of the lenders under the Credit Agreement
and the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and their affiliates have various relationships with the Loan Parties involving the provision
of financial services, including other credit facilities with affiliates of the Company, cash management, investment banking, trust, hedging
and other services. In addition, certain subsidiaries of the Company have entered into forward delivery commitments in the ordinary course
of business and interest rate or other derivative arrangements with some of the lenders and their affiliates.

Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement

On March 14, 2025, the Company and Walker &
Dunlop, LLC (WDLLC), as seller (the Seller), entered into that certain Consent and Amendment
(the Repurchase Agreement Amendment) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the Buyer). The Repurchase
Agreement Amendment amends that certain Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2019 (as previously amended, the Repurchase
Agreement), by and among the Company, WDLLC, and the Buyer to, among other things, permit WDLLC to enter into the Guarantee
and Collateral Agreement and to guarantee the Notes. The Company continues to guarantee the Sellers obligations under the Repurchase
Agreement, as amended by the Repurchase Agreement Amendment.

The foregoing description of the Repurchase Agreement
Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Repurchase Agreement Amendment, which is
filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The Buyer and its affiliates have various relationships
with the Company and its affiliates involving the provision of financial services, including another credit facility under which the Company
is a borrower and investment banking.

Amendment to Second Amended and Restated
Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement

On March 14, 2025, the Company and WDLLC,
as borrower, entered into that certain Consent and Amendment (the Warehousing Agreement Amendment) with PNC Bank,
National Association, as lender (PNC). The Warehousing Agreement Amendment amends that certain Second Amended and
Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2017, as previously amended, by and among WDLLC, the
Company and PNC to, among other things, permit WDLLC to enter into the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and to guarantee the Notes.

The foregoing description of the Warehousing Agreement
Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Warehousing Agreement Amendment, which
is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

PNC and its affiliates have various relationships
with the Company and its affiliates involving the provision of financial services, including cash management, trust and other services.
In addition, affiliates of the Company have entered into forward delivery commitments and other derivative arrangements in the ordinary
course of business with PNC and its affiliates.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following exhibits are
filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., the guarantors from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

10.1* Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., as borrower, the lenders referred to therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent.

10.2* Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., as borrower, certain subsidiaries of Walker & Dunlop, Inc., as subsidiary guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 

10.3 Consent and Amendment, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Walker & Dunlop, LLC, Walker & Dunlop, Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

10.4 Consent and Amendment, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Walker & Dunlop, LLC, Walker & Dunlop, Inc., and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

*The exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance
with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission upon its request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

(Registrant)

Date: March 14, 2025 By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Gregory A. Florkowski

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 14, 2025

Among

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.,

as the Company,

the GUARANTORS from time to time party hereto

and

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

as Trustee

6.625% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2033

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION; ACTS OF HOLDERS

SECTION 1.01. Definitions 1

SECTION 1.02. Other Definitions 34

SECTION 1.03. Rules of Construction 35

SECTION 1.04. Acts of Holders 36

SECTION 1.05. Limited Condition Transactions 37

ARTICLE 2

THE NOTES

SECTION 2.01. Form and Dating; Terms 38

SECTION 2.02. Execution and Authentication 39

SECTION 2.03. Registrar and Paying Agent 39

SECTION 2.04. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 39

SECTION 2.05. Holder Lists 40

SECTION 2.06. Transfer and Exchange 40

SECTION 2.07. Replacement Notes 50

SECTION 2.08. Outstanding Notes 50

SECTION 2.09. Treasury Notes 50

SECTION 2.10. Temporary Notes 51

SECTION 2.11. Cancellation 51

SECTION 2.12. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 51

ARTICLE 3

REDEMPTION

SECTION 3.01. Notices to Trustee 51

SECTION 3.02. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased 52

SECTION 3.03. Notice of Redemption 52

SECTION 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption 53

SECTION 3.05. Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price 53

SECTION 3.06. Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part 54

SECTION 3.07. Optional Redemption 54

SECTION 3.08. Mandatory Redemption 55

SECTION 3.09. Offers to Repurchase by Application of Excess Proceeds 55

ARTICLE 4

COVENANTS

SECTION 4.01. Payment of Notes 57

SECTION 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency 57

SECTION 4.03. Reports and Other Information 58

SECTION 4.04. Compliance Certificate 60

SECTION 4.05. Taxes 60

SECTION 4.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 60

SECTION 4.07. Limitation on Restricted Payments 60

SECTION 4.08. Limitation on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions
Affecting Subsidiaries 64

-ii-

Page

SECTION 4.09. Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance
of Preferred Stock 66

SECTION 4.10. Asset Sales 66

SECTION 4.11. Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates 68

SECTION 4.12. Limitation on Liens 70

SECTION 4.13. [Reserved] 70

SECTION 4.14. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control 70

SECTION 4.15. Limitation on the Issuance of Guarantees by Subsidiaries 72

SECTION 4.16. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 72

SECTION 4.17. Designation of Excluded Subsidiaries 72

SECTION 4.18. Covenant Suspension 73

SECTION 4.19. Limitation Regarding Excluded Subsidiaries 74

ARTICLE 5

SUCCESSORS

SECTION 5.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially
All Assets 74

SECTION 5.02. Surviving Entity Substituted 75

ARTICLE 6

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

SECTION 6.01. Events of Default 76

SECTION 6.02. Acceleration 77

SECTION 6.03. Other Remedies 78

SECTION 6.04. Waiver of Past Defaults 78

SECTION 6.05. Control by Majority 79

SECTION 6.06. Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment 79

SECTION 6.07. Collection Suit by Trustee 79

SECTION 6.08. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 79

SECTION 6.09. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 79

SECTION 6.10. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 80

SECTION 6.11. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 80

SECTION 6.12. Undertaking for Costs 80

SECTION 6.13. Trustee May Enforce Claims without Possession of Notes 80

SECTION 6.14. Limitation on Suits 81

SECTION 6.15. Priorities 81

ARTICLE 7

TRUSTEE

SECTION 7.01. Duties of Trustee 81

SECTION 7.02. Rights of Trustee 82

SECTION 7.03. Individual Rights of Trustee 84

SECTION 7.04. Trustees Disclaimer 84

SECTION 7.05. Notice of Defaults 84

SECTION 7.06. Compensation and Indemnity 84

SECTION 7.07. Replacement of Trustee 85

SECTION 7.08. Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. 86

SECTION 7.09. Eligibility; Disqualification 86

-iii-

Page

ARTICLE 8

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

SECTION 8.01. Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 86

SECTION 8.02. Legal Defeasance and Discharge 86

SECTION 8.03. Covenant Defeasance 87

SECTION 8.04. Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 87

SECTION 8.05. Deposited Money and Government Securities to Be
Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 89

SECTION 8.06. Repayment to Company 89

SECTION 8.07. Reinstatement 89

ARTICLE 9

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 9.01. Without Consent of Holders of Notes 90

SECTION 9.02. With Consent of Holders of Notes 91

SECTION 9.03. Revocation and Effect of Consents 92

SECTION 9.04. Notation on or Exchange of Notes 93

SECTION 9.05. Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. 93

ARTICLE 10

NOTE GUARANTEES

SECTION 10.01. Note Guarantee 93

SECTION 10.02. Limitation on Guarantor Liability 95

SECTION 10.03. Execution and Delivery 95

SECTION 10.04. Subrogation 95

SECTION 10.05. Benefits Acknowledged 96

SECTION 10.06. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially
All Assets of Subsidiary Guarantors 96

SECTION 10.07. Release of Note Guarantees 96

ARTICLE 11

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

SECTION 11.01. Satisfaction and Discharge 97

SECTION 11.02. Application of Trust Money 98

ARTICLE 12

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 12.01. Inapplicability of the Trust Indenture Act 98

SECTION 12.02. Notices 98

SECTION 12.03. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 100

SECTION 12.04. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 100

SECTION 12.05. Rules by Trustee and Agents 100

SECTION 12.06. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees
and Stockholders 100

SECTION 12.07. Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction and Service 100

SECTION 12.08. Waiver of Jury Trial 101

SECTION 12.09. Force Majeure 101

SECTION 12.10. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 101

SECTION 12.11. Successors 101

SECTION 12.12. Severability 101

SECTION 12.13. Counterpart Originals 101

SECTION 12.14. Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 102

SECTION 12.15. U.S.A. Patriot Act 102

SECTION 12.16. FATCA 102

-iv-

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Note 

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Transfer 

Exhibit C Form of Certificate of Exchange 

Exhibit D Form of Supplemental Indenture to Be Delivered by Subsequent Guarantors 

Exhibit E Form of Free Transferability Certificate 

-v-

INDENTURE,
dated as of March 14, 2025, among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland corporation (collectively with its successors
and assigns, the Company), each of the Guarantors party hereto from time to time and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Trustee.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the creation
of an issue of $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Initial Notes);

WHEREAS, the Company and the Guarantors have duly
authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company, the Guarantors from
time to time party hereto and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the
Holders of the Notes.

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION; ACTS OF HOLDERS

SECTION 1.01. Definitions.

144A Global Note means a
Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, bearing the Global Note Legend, the Private Placement Legend and, if
applicable, the OID Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee that will
be issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A.

Acquired Indebtedness means,
with respect to any specified Person, (a) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person (x) is merged,
amalgamated or consolidated with or into such specified Person or a Subsidiary of such specified Person or (y) becomes a Subsidiary
of such specified Person, and (b) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person and/or
assumed by such specified Person in connection with such acquisition, and, in each case, whether or not Indebtedness is incurred by such
other Person in connection with, or in anticipation or contemplation of, such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Company or such acquisition,
merger, amalgamation or consolidation.

Additional Notes means additional
Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued from time to time under this Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01 and 4.09 hereof,
whether or not they bear the same CUSIP or ISIN number.

Agency means Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, FHA, or HUD.

Agency Agreements means,
singly and collectively, the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Freddie Mac Agreements, the Ginnie Mae Agreements, and the FHA/HUD Agreements.

Agency Consents means, singly
and collectively, the written consent (and in the case of Ginnie Mae and HUD, acknowledgement) of each of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie
Mae and HUD (which in the case of Ginnie Mae and HUD is a limited acknowledgment and is expressly not a consent) to the exercise by the
Trustee of its rights and remedies in such capacity under this Indenture with respect to the Note Guarantee of the applicable MSR Subsidiary,
in each case as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Agency Repurchase Indebtedness
means Indebtedness representing obligations to repurchase Mortgage Loans from an Agency under the terms of the relevant Agency Agreements.

Affiliate means, with respect
to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or
is under common control with the specified Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting
power, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative
of the foregoing.

Agent means any Registrar
or Paying Agent.

Applicable Premium means,
with respect to any Note on any applicable redemption date, the greater of (i) 1.0% of the then outstanding principal amount of
such Note and (ii) the excess of:

(1)the
present value at such redemption date of the sum of (i) the redemption price of such Note at April 1, 2028 (such redemption
price being set forth in Section 3.07(c) hereof) plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such Notes through
April 1, 2028 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, such redemption date), such present value to be
computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points; over

(2)the
then outstanding principal amount of such Notes.

The Applicable Premium shall be calculated by
the Company, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to verify such amount.

Applicable Procedures means,
with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the Depositary,
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, that apply to such transfer or exchange.

Asset Sale means the sale,
lease (other than Operating Leases entered in the ordinary course of business), conveyance or other disposition (including a Partial
Interest Asset Sale) of any assets or rights (including the sale or issuance of Equity Interests in any of the Companys Subsidiaries
(other than Excluded Subsidiaries), whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise); provided that the sale, lease (other
than Operating Leases entered in the ordinary course of business), conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, will be governed by Section 4.14 and/or Section 5.01 hereof and
not by Section 4.10 hereof; provided, further, that a transaction otherwise meeting the requirements of an Asset
Sale under this definition will be deemed to be an Asset Sale notwithstanding its treatment under GAAP.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following
will be deemed to be an Asset Sale:

(1)any
single transaction or series of related transactions that involves assets having a Fair Market Value of less than the greater of (x) $16.25
million and (y) 5.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period;

(2)a
transfer of assets between or among the Company and any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company;

-2-

(3)an
issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or to another Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary)
of the Company;

(4)the
sale of advances, mortgages, other loans, customer receivables, mortgage-related securities or derivatives or other assets (or any interests
in any of the foregoing) in the ordinary course of business, the sale, transfer or discount of accounts receivable or other assets that
by their terms convert into cash and any sale of securities in respect of additional fundings under reverse mortgage loans, in each case,
in the ordinary course of business;

(5)the
sale or other disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

(6)dispositions
of Mortgage Loans or Mortgage Securities in the ordinary course of business and substantially consistent with past practice;

(7)a
Restricted Payment that does not violate Section 4.07 hereof, or a Permitted Investment;

(8)disposals,
liquidations or replacements of damaged, worn out or obsolete equipment or other assets no longer used or useful in the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries;

(9)assets
sold, conveyed or otherwise disposed of pursuant to the terms of Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness;

(10)so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom a sale, conveyance or other disposition (i) of
Securitization Assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with the origination, acquisition, securitization and/or sale
of loans that are purchased, insured, guaranteed, or securitized or (ii) to a Securitization Entity of assets in Qualified Securitization
Transactions;

(11)a
sale, conveyance or other disposition of Equity Interests of an Excluded Subsidiary;

(12)the
creation of a Lien (but not the sale or other disposition of the property subject to such Lien) permitted by Section 4.12 hereof;

(13)transactions
pursuant to repurchase agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(14)any
sale or other disposition of a minority interest in any Person that is not a Subsidiary, that constituted a Restricted Payment or Permitted
Investment; provided that (x) the majority interests in such Person shall also be concurrently sold or transferred on the
same terms and the holder or holders of such majority interests shall have required such sale or disposition of such minority interest
pursuant to the exercise of any applicable drag-along rights and (y) the Net Proceeds from the sale or transfer of such minority
interest are applied in accordance with Section 4.10 hereof;

(15)any
lease, sublease, license or sublicense of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business not detracting from the value
of such real or personal property or interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company or the Guarantors;

-3-

(16)any
surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or other claims in the ordinary
course of business;

(17)inventory
(other than Servicing Agreements and Mortgage Loans) sold, leased or licensed in the ordinary course of business;

(18)the
sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of any assets or rights required or advisable as a result of statutory or regulatory changes
or requirements (including any settlements with any regulatory agencies) as determined in good faith by the senior management of the
Company; provided that any cash or Cash Equivalents received must be applied as Net Proceeds in accordance with Section 4.10
hereof;

(19)the
write-off, discount, sale or other disposition of defaulted or past-due receivables and similar obligations in the ordinary course of
business and not undertaken as part of an accounts receivable financing transaction;

(20)the
disposition of any Hedge Agreement;

(21)non-exclusive
licenses and sublicenses of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business not interfering, individually or in the aggregate,
in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Company or the Guarantors;

(22)sales
or dispositions of any real property in the ordinary course of business or sales or dispositions in the form of a foreclosure by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Lien securing any Mortgage Loan or the granting of a deed in lieu of such foreclosure (including
any subsequent sale of the underlying property) in the ordinary course of business;

(23)sales
or dispositions in the form of the sale of all or any portion of the servicing rights arising under Servicing Agreements for Mortgage
Loans being originated after the Issue Date in a manner consistent with the Companys or any Guarantors ordinary operating
practices so long as (i) before and immediately after giving effect to any such sale no Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, (ii) (A) prior to any such sale, the applicable Agency or Investor, as the case may be, shall have delivered
to the applicable party a written consent thereto (it being understood and agreed that such consent may be granted or withheld by such
Agency or Investor, as applicable, in its sole discretion) and (B) such sale shall be effected in strict compliance with the applicable
Agency Agreements or Investor Agreements, including, without limitation, the applicable Guides and (iii) such sale shall be entirely
in cash and for fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith); and

(24)a
transfer of assets constituting Permitted Investments.

Asset Swap means an exchange
(or concurrent purchase and sale) of property, plant, equipment or other assets (excluding working capital or current assets) of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the assets of a Person or the Capital Stock of a Person conducting a Permitted Business; provided
that, in the case of any such exchange for Capital Stock of a Person conducting a Permitted Business, such Person is or becomes a
Subsidiary; provided, further, that any unrestricted cash or Cash Equivalents received must be applied as Net Proceeds
in accordance with Section 4.10 hereof.

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date of determination, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof
that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any
Synthetic Lease, the capitalized amount or principal amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear
on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease
Obligation..

-4-

Bankruptcy Law means Title
11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Board of Directors means,
as to any Person, the Board of Directors, or similar governing body, of such Person or any duly authorized committee thereof, including,
but not limited to, the audit committee.

Board Resolution means, with
respect to any Person, a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of such Person to have been duly adopted
by the Board of Directors of such Person and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business
Day means each day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banking institutions are not required
to be open in the State of New York, Minnesota or New Jersey or the place of payment.

Capital Stock means:

(1)with
respect to any Person that is a corporation, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated and
whether or not voting) of corporate stock, including each class of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of such Person; or

(2)with
respect to any Person that is not a corporation, any and all partnership, membership or other equity interests (whether general or limited)
of such Person,

but, in each case, excluding any debt security that is convertible
or exchangeable for Capital Stock.

Capitalized Lease Obligation
means, as to any Person, the obligations of such Person as lessee under a lease that are required to be classified and accounted for
as capital lease obligations under GAAP and, for purposes of this definition, the amount of such obligations at any date shall be the
capitalized amount of such obligations at such date, determined in accordance with GAAP; provided, for the avoidance of doubt,
that any obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries either existing on the Issue Date or created prior to the recharacterization
described below that were not included on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as Capitalized Lease Obligations and that are
subsequently recharacterized as Capitalized Lease Obligations due to a change in GAAP shall for purposes of this Indenture not be treated
as Capitalized Lease Obligations or Indebtedness.

Cash Equivalents means:

(1)Dollars;

(2)securities
or any evidence of indebtedness issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency or instrumentality
of the United States government (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support of those securities
or such evidence of indebtedness);

-5-

(3)marketable
direct obligations issued by any state of the United States of America or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality
thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the three highest
ratings obtainable from either S&P or Moodys;

(4)certificates
of deposit with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding
twelve months and overnight bank deposits with any domestic commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of $500.0 million and
a Moodys or S&P rating of B or better;

(5)repurchase
obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (2), (3) and (4) above
entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (4) above;

(6)commercial
paper having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from Moodys or S&P and in each case maturing within twelve months after
the date of acquisition; and

(7)money
market funds (i) at least 95.0% of the assets of which constitute Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in clauses (1) through
(6) of this definition or (ii) that comply with the criteria under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and
are rated at least AAA by S&P or Aaa by Moodys.

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any of the following:

(1)the
sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

(2)any
Person, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding
any employee benefit plan of such Person, entity or group and their respective Subsidiaries and any Person or entity acting
in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning
of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent
(50%) of the Equity Interests of the Company entitled to vote in the election of members of the board of directors (or equivalent governing
body) of the Company; provided that (i) a Person, entity or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own
Voting Stock to be acquired by such Person, entity or group pursuant to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement,
option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation
of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement and (ii) a Person, entity
or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own the Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Capital
Stock or other securities of such other Persons parent (or related contractual rights) unless it owns a majority of the Voting
Stock of such other Persons parent.

Clearstream means Clearstream
Banking, Socit Anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

-6-

Collateral Transaction Document
means any pooling and servicing agreement, securitization servicing agreement, sale and servicing agreement, servicing agreement, transfer
and servicing agreement, seller/servicer or securities issuer guide or handbook, sub-servicing agreement, trust agreement, indenture,
collateral management agreement, collateral administration agreement, disposition consultation agreement and other agreement (in each
case, howsoever denominated) pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary is the servicer, master servicer, primary servicer or special
servicer (or similar role, however denominated) of Mortgage Loans for and on behalf of an MBS Trust, Agency, or other Investor or a collateral
manager, collateral administrator or disposition consultant (or similar role, however denominated), each as may be amended, modified
or supplemented from time to time.

Common
Stock of any Person means any and all shares, interests or other participations in, and other equivalents (however
designated and whether voting or non-voting) of such Persons common stock, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or issued after
the Issue Date, and includes, without limitation, all series and classes of such common stock.

Company Order means a written
request or order signed on behalf of the Company by an Officer of the Company and delivered to the Trustee.

Consolidated means, when
used with reference to financial statements or financial statement items of any Person, such statements or items on a consolidated basis
in accordance with applicable principles of consolidation under GAAP.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
means, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Company and the Guarantors
in accordance with GAAP: (a) Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum of the following, without duplication,
to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such period: (i) income and franchise taxes, (ii) Consolidated
Corporate Interest Expense, (iii) amortization, depreciation and other non-cash charges (including any non-cash charges with respect
to the write-off of Servicing Agreements) (except to the extent that such non-cash charges are reserved for cash charges to be taken
in the future), (iv) extraordinary losses (excluding extraordinary losses from discontinued operations), (v) provisions for
at-risk sharing obligations related solely to Fannie Mae Mortgage Loans pursuant to any Fannie Mae Program or any comparable loss sharing
arrangement permitted pursuant to Section 4.09 in an aggregate amount not to exceed ten percent (10%) of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
(determined without reference to this clause (b)(v)) for such period and (vi) if paid within six (6) months of the relevant
closing, transaction costs related to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or a permitted acquisition less (c) the sum of the following,
without duplication, to the extent included in determining Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such period: (i) interest income
on cash or Cash Equivalents and other financing activities outside the ordinary course of business, (ii) any extraordinary gains,
(iii) non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Corporate Net Income, (iv) capitalized amounts attributable to origination of
Servicing Agreements rights and (v) any cash loan loss expenses not otherwise deducted or excluded from the determination of Consolidated
Corporate Net Income. For purposes of this Indenture, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall (x) be adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis and
(y) not include any net income (or loss) attributable to Excluded Subsidiaries, except to the extent provided in the definition
of Consolidated Corporate Net Income.

Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness
means, as of any date of determination with respect to the Company and the Guarantors on a Consolidated basis without duplication, the
sum of all Indebtedness of the Company and the Guarantors which shall exclude (a) any Non-Recourse Indebtedness to the extent not
constituting Excess Permitted Guarantees, (b) any Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness and (c) any
trade payables incurred in the ordinary course on customary trade terms and shall include all Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness.
For purposes of determining the Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness at any time, all earn-out obligations of any of the Company and the
Guarantors shall not be included irrespective of whether such earn-out obligation is contingent or whether such obligation is indebtedness
or a liability for purposes of GAAP.

-7-

Consolidated Corporate Interest Expense
means, for any period, determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Company and the Guarantors in accordance with
GAAP, interest expense (including, without limitation, interest expense attributable to Capitalized Lease Obligations and all net payment
obligations pursuant to Permitted Hedging Transactions) for such period, but excluding any Consolidated Interest Expense with respect
to Non-Recourse Indebtedness, Permitted Funding Indebtedness, or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness.

Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage
Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness less (ii) Unrestricted
Cash on such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended LTM Period.

Consolidated Corporate Net Income
means, for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Company and the Guarantors for such period, determined on a Consolidated basis,
without duplication, in accordance with GAAP; provided, that in calculating such net income (or loss) for any period, there shall be
excluded (a) the net income (or loss) of any Excluded Subsidiary or any Subsidiary of the Company or a Guarantor or any other Person
in which any Guarantor or the Company has a joint interest with a third party, in each case except to the extent such net income is actually
paid in cash to the Company or a Guarantor by dividend or other distribution during such period (net of any taxes payable on such dividends
or distributions), (b) the net income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Guarantor or is merged into
or consolidated with the Company or a Guarantor or that Persons assets are acquired by the Company or a Guarantor except to the
extent included pursuant to the foregoing clause (a), (c) any gain or loss from any sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition
of Property during such period and (d) non-cash stock-based award compensation expenses.

Consolidated Interest Expense
means, for any period, determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with
GAAP, interest expense (including, without limitation, interest expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations and all net payment
obligations pursuant to Permitted Hedging Transactions) for such period.

Consolidated Secured Corporate Indebtedness
means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien
on any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio
means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (i) the Consolidated Secured Indebtedness less (ii) Unrestricted
Cash on such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended LTM Period.

Corporate
Trust Office of the Trustee shall be at the address of the Trustee specified in Section 12.02 hereof or
such other address as to which the Trustee may give notice to the Holders and the Company.

Credit Facilities means,
one or more debt facilities, indentures or agreements (including, without limitation, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities) or commercial
paper facilities, in each case, with banks or other institutional lenders, commercial finance companies, creditors, investors or other
lenders providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, bonds, debentures, hedging, receivables financing (including through the sale
of receivables to such lenders or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such lenders against such receivables) or letters
of credit, pursuant to agreements or indentures, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced (whether upon
or after termination or otherwise) or refinanced (including by means of sales of debt securities to institutional investors) in whole
or in part from time to time (and without limitation as to amount, terms, conditions, covenants and other provisions, including increasing
the amount of available borrowings thereunder, changing or replacing agent banks and lenders thereunder or adding, removing or reclassifying
Subsidiaries of the Company as borrowers or guarantors thereunder).

-8-

Custodian means the Trustee,
as custodian with respect to the Notes in global form, or any successor entity thereto.

Default means an event or
condition the occurrence of which is, or with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.

Definitive Note means a certificated
Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.06(c) hereof, substantially in the
form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note Legend and shall not have the Schedule of
Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.

Depositary means, with respect
to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as the Depositary
with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as Depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the
applicable provision of this Indenture.

Designated Non-cash Consideration
means the Fair Market Value of any non-cash consideration received by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset
Sale that is designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to an Officers Certificate of the Company at the time of
such Asset Sale less the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of or collection on such Designated
Non-cash Consideration.

Disqualified Capital Stock
means that portion of any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which
it is exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event (other than an event which would constitute
a Change of Control), matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation
or otherwise, or is redeemable at the sole option of the holder thereof (except, in each case, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control)
on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the final maturity date of the Notes.

Dividing Person has the meaning
assigned to it in the definition of Division.

Division means the division
of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among two or more Persons (whether
pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to
which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Dollar or $
means the lawful money of the United States of America.

Equity Interests means Capital
Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or
exchangeable for, Capital Stock).

Equity Offering means any
issuance by the Company of common shares of its Equity Interests to any person other than a Subsidiary of the Company (including, without
limitation, in connection with the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of any debt securities to equity) and other than
with respect to any such common stock registered on Form S-8.

-9-

Euroclear means Euroclear
S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Excess Permitted Guarantees
means any Permitted Guarantee to the extent that the value of such Guarantee exceeds the Realizable Value of the assets that are subject
to a Lien securing the Indebtedness that is the subject of such Permitted Guarantee.

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute or statutes thereto.

Excluded Subsidiary means
each of the following:

(a)each
of W&D Interim Lender, LLC, W&D Interim Lender II, LLC, W&D Interim Lender III, Inc., W&D Interim Lender IV, LLC,
W&D Interim Lender V, Inc., W&D Interim Lender VI, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Mortgage Manager LLC, Walker &
Dunlop Commercial Property Funding, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Property Funding I, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial
Property Funding I WF, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Property Funding I CS, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Property
Funding I CB, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Investment Management, LLC, WD-ILP JV Investor, LLC (formerly known as WD-BXMT JV Investor,
LLC), Walker & Dunlop Investment Partners, Inc. (formerly known as JCR Capital Investment Corporation; and various entities
controlled or majority owned directly/indirectly by Walker & Dunlop Investment Partners, Inc.), JCR Capital Investment
Company, LLC (and various fund entities controlled or majority owned directly/indirectly by JCR Capital Investment Company, LLC), Enodo, Inc.,
W&D KBP, LLC, W&D ETE, LLC, WD-IC JV GP LLC, WD-IC JV Investor, LLC, WDIS WA, LLC, WDIB-Investor, LLC, WDIB, LLC, Zelman Partners,
LLC, WDAAC, LLC (and various entities controlled or majority owned directly/ indirectly by WDAAC, LLC), W&D STCI, LLC, W&D RPS
HoldCo, LLC, WD-GTE, LLC, GeoPhy B.V., GeoPhy Inc, WD-Geophy HoldCo, LLC, WD-GeoPhy CRE Valuation LLC, WD-KA JV Investor LLC, WDIS, Inc,
WD-Alliant TCBI, LLC, 2388 North Main Street, LLC, Shelby Pref Investor, LLC, WD-IC JV GP II LLC, WD-IC JV Investor II, LLC, WD 2360
HoldCo, LLC, WD 46-110 HoldCo, LLC, WD CVFG HoldCo, LLC, WD-UK HoldCo, LLC, W&D UK Holdco Limited, W&D UK Pvt Ltd and their respective
Subsidiaries, but, in each case, only for so long as such Person continues to satisfy the requirements of Section 4.17;

(b)any
Subsidiary designated in accordance with Section 4.17 that has not been re-designated or reclassified in accordance with Section 4.17;

(c)any
Subsidiary that is a Securitization Entity; and

(d)any
Foreign Subsidiary that is not disregarded for tax purposes and the guarantee by such Foreign Subsidiary would have material adverse
federal income tax consequences for the Company (by constituting an investment of earnings in United States property under Section 956
of the Code, triggering an increase in the gross income of the Company pursuant to Section 951 of the Code) after giving effect
to any corresponding credits or offsets;

provided
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, (i) no Person that is a Guarantor as of the Issue Date
and (ii) no Subsidiary that itself or through any of its Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests or Indebtedness
of, or owns or holds any Lien on any property of, the Company or a Guarantor shall be an Excluded Subsidiary.

-10-

Fair Market Value means,
with respect to any asset (including any Equity Interests of any Person), the price at which a willing buyer that is not an Affiliate
of the seller and a willing seller would reasonably be expected to agree to purchase and sell such asset, as determined in good faith
by the Company or the Subsidiary purchasing or selling such asset. For the avoidance of doubt, any sale, contribution, assignment or
other transfer shall not be deemed to be for less than Fair Market Value solely because such sale, contribution, assignment or transfer
was made at a discount to par.

Fannie Mae means Fannie Mae,
also known as The Federal National Mortgage Association, or any successor thereto.

Fannie Mae Agreements means
all applicable selling and servicing agreements (including the Fannie Mae Servicing Contracts) between Fannie Mae and the Company or
any Guarantor under any Fannie Mae Program, together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures
to which Fannie Mae and the Company or any Guarantor are parties or pursuant to which the Company or any Guarantor owes any duty or obligation
to Fannie Mae, and including the Fannie Mae Guides, however titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements and all other
Fannie Mae guidelines, directives and approvals to which the Company or any Guarantor is subject.

Fannie Mae Guide means the
Fannie Mae Multifamily Selling and Servicing Guide, the Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing Guide, the Fannie Mae Negotiated
Transactions Guide, and the Fannie Mae Multifamily Program Rules, including any exhibits, appendices or other referenced forms, as any
of the foregoing are amended, modified, supplemented, restated or superseded from time to time, as the context and Fannie Mae Agreements
require.

Fannie Mae Loans means each
of the Mortgage Loans serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital on behalf of Fannie Mae.

Fannie Mae Mortgage Loan
means a permanent Mortgage Loan originated under the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Fannie Mae Guide, or any Fannie Mae Program.

Fannie Mae Program means
(a) any program offered by Fannie Mae to which the Company or any Guarantor is a party as of the Issue Date pursuant to a Fannie
Mae Agreement and (b) any other program offered by Fannie Mae at any time and from time to time after the Issue Date in which the
Company or any Guarantor participates pursuant to the Fannie Mae Agreements.

Fannie Mae Servicing Contracts
means any Servicing Agreement between the Company or any Guarantor and Fannie Mae.

FHA means the United States
Federal Housing Administration.

FHA/HUD Agreements means
the Multifamily Accelerated Processing Guide, with respect to the Company or any Guarantor under any FHA/HUD Program, together with any
other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which FHA and/or HUD and the Company or any Guarantor are
parties or pursuant to which the Company or any Guarantor owes any duty or obligation to FHA and/or HUD, and including the FHA/HUD Guides,
however titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements and all other FHA/HUD guidelines, directives and approvals to which
the Company or any Guarantor is subject.

FHA/HUD Guide means each
guide used by FHA and HUD, respectively, applicable to the FHA/HUD Loans, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.

-11-

FHA/HUD Loans means a Mortgage
Loan that is insured or co-insured and/or otherwise guaranteed by FHA and/or HUD.

FHA/HUD Program means any
of (a) the Multifamily Accelerated Processing program, and (b) any other program offered by FHA or HUD at any time and from
time to time in which the Company or any Guarantor participates.

Fixed Dollar Incurrence has
the meaning specified in the definition of Permitted Indebtedness.

Foreign Subsidiary means,
with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any
state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Freddie Mac means Freddie
Mac, also known as The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or any successor thereto.

Freddie Mac Agreements means
all applicable selling and servicing agreements (including the Freddie Mac Servicing Contracts) between Freddie Mac and the Company or
any Guarantor under any Freddie Mac Program, together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures
to which Freddie Mac and the Company or any Guarantor are parties or pursuant to which the Company or any Guarantor owes any duty or
obligation to Freddie Mac, and including the Freddie Mac Guide, however titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements
and all other Freddie Mac guidelines, directives and approvals to which the Company or any Guarantor is subject.

Freddie Mac CME Securitization
means the pooling of Mortgage Loans held by Freddie Mac into a real estate mortgage investment conduit pursuant to which WDLLC or, as
may be applicable, WD Capital, respectively, retains servicing responsibilities.

Freddie Mac Guide means the
Freddie Mac Multifamily Seller/Servicer Guide (including, as applicable, the Freddie Mac Delegated Underwriting for Targeted Affordable
Housing Guide), as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Freddie Mac Loan means each
of the Mortgage Loans serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital for or on behalf of Freddie Mac or a Freddie Mac CME Securitization.

Freddie Mac Program means
any of (a) the Freddie Mac Program Plus, (b) the Targeted Affordable Housing Program, and (c) any other program offered
by Freddie Mac at any time and from time to time in which the Company or any Guarantor participates.

Freddie Mac Servicing Contracts
means any Servicing Agreement between the Company or any Guarantor and Freddie Mac.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
or in such other statements by such other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession of the United
States, which are in effect as of the Issue Date.

Ginnie Mae means Ginnie Mae,
also known as The Government National Mortgage Association, or any successor thereto.

-12-

Ginnie Mae Agreements means
all applicable agreements, including servicing agreements between Ginnie Mae and the Company or any Guarantor under any Ginnie Mae Program,
together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which Ginnie Mae and the Company or any
Guarantor are parties or pursuant to which the Company or any Guarantor owes any duty or obligation to Ginnie Mae, and including the
Ginnie Mae Guides, however titled, referred to in such agreements (including such servicing agreements) and all other Ginnie Mae guidelines,
directives and approvals to which the Company or any Guarantor is subject.

Ginnie Mae Guide means Ginnie
Mae Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Ginnie Mae Program means
any program offered by Ginnie Mae at any time and from time to time in which the Company or any Guarantor participates.

Global Note Legend means
the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(ii) hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Indenture.

Global
Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the Restricted Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes,
substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, issued in accordance with Article 2 hereof.

Government Securities means
securities that are:

(1) direct obligations of the United
States of America for the timely payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged; or

(2) obligations of a Person controlled
or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the timely payment of which is unconditionally
guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable
at the option of the issuers thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of
the Securities Act), as custodian with respect to any such Government Securities or a specific payment of principal of or interest on
any such Government Securities held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; provided that
(except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository
receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Securities or the specific payment of principal of or
interest on the Government Securities evidenced by such depository receipt.

guarantee means a guarantee
(other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner
including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof,
of all or any part of any Indebtedness (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase
assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise).

Guarantor means each Subsidiary
Guarantor.

Guide means, singly and collectively,
as may be applicable from time to time, each Fannie Mae Guide, each Freddie Mac Guide, each Ginnie Mae Guide, each FHA/HUD Guide, and,
as may be applicable, any guide pertaining to any Investor Agreements.

-13-

Hedge Agreement means (a) any
and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options,
forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond
or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions,
floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts,
or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing),
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind,
and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other
master agreement.

Holder means the Person in
whose name the Note is registered on the Registrars book.

HUD means the United States
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Indebtedness means with respect
to any Person at any date and without duplication, the sum of the following:

(a)all
liabilities, obligations and indebtedness for borrowed money including, but not limited to, obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or other similar instruments of any such Person;

(b)all
obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services of any such Person (including, without limitation, all obligations
under non-competition, earnout or similar agreements), except trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business not more than
ninety (90) days past due, or that are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves
in conformity with GAAP have been provided for on the books of such Person;

(c)(i) the
Attributable Indebtedness of such Person with respect to such Persons Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Leases (regardless
of whether accounted for as indebtedness under GAAP) and (ii) all Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness;

(d)all
obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to
the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered
into in the ordinary course of business);

(e)all
Indebtedness of any other Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements except trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business), whether
or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(f)all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of any such Person relative to the face amount of letters of credit, whether or not drawn (including,
without limitation, any reimbursement obligations), and bankers acceptances issued for the account of any such Person;

(g)all
obligations of any such Person in respect of Disqualified Capital Stock;

(h)all
net obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreements; and

-14-

(i)all
Guarantees of any such Person with respect to any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any
Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or
limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer to the extent such Person is liable therefor
as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, unless such Indebtedness is expressly
made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Hedge Agreement on any date shall be deemed to be, after
taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedge Agreements, (a) for any date
on or after the date such Hedge Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such
termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in the foregoing clause (a), the amount(s) determined
as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedge Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available
quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedge Agreements.

Indenture means this Indenture,
as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Indirect Participant means
a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

Initial Notes has the meaning
given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Initial
Purchaser means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.

Interest Payment Date means
April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025.

Investment means, with respect
to any Person, any direct or indirect loan or other extension of credit (including, without limitation, a guarantee), advance or capital
contribution by (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property or services for the account
or use of others), or any purchase or acquisition by such Person of any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities.
Investment shall exclude (w) mortgage loans in the ordinary course of business, warehouse loans secured by mortgage
loans and related assets, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business, (x) accounts receivable,
extensions of trade credit or advances by the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) on commercially reasonable
terms in accordance with the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiarys) normal trade practices, as
the case may be, (y) deposits made in the ordinary course of business and customary deposits into reserve accounts related to Securitizations
and (z) commission, moving, entertainment and travel expenses and similar advances to officers, directors, managers and employees,
in each case, made in the ordinary course of business. Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, the amount of an Investment will
be determined at the time the Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value. For the avoidance of doubt,
expenditures of the Company and its Subsidiaries that, in accordance with GAAP, are or should be included in purchase of property
and equipment or similar items reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall
not constitute Investments.

Investment Grade means a
rating of the Notes by both S&P and Moodys, each such rating being one of such agencys four highest generic rating
categories that signifies investment grade (i.e., BBB- (or the equivalent) or higher by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) or higher
by Moodys); provided that, in each case, such ratings are publicly available; provided, further, that in the event Moodys
or S&P is no longer in existence for purposes of determining whether the Notes are rated Investment Grade, such organization
may be replaced by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act)
designated by the Company, notice of which shall be given to the Trustee.

-15-

Investment Grade Securities
means marketable securities of a Person (other than the Company or its Subsidiaries, an Affiliate or joint venture of the Company or
any Subsidiary), acquired by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business that are rated, at the time of
acquisition, BBB- (or the equivalent) or higher by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) or higher by Moodys.

Investor means any Person
(other than Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, FHA, or HUD) that (a) purchases Mortgage Loans serviced by the Company or any Guarantor,
or (b) insures or unconditionally guarantees Mortgage Loans serviced by the Company or any Guarantor.

Investor Agreements means
all applicable selling and servicing agreements (including the Investor Servicing Contracts) between an Investor and the Company or any
Guarantor, together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which such Investor and the
Company or any Guarantor are parties or pursuant to which the Company or any Guarantor owes any duty or obligation to such Investor,
and including the guides, however titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements and all other Investor guidelines, directives
and approvals to which the Company or any Guarantor is subject.

Investor Servicing Contracts
means any Servicing Agreements between the Company or any Guarantor and an Investor.

Issue Date means March 14,
2025.

Lien means any lien, mortgage,
deed of trust, pledge, security interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention
agreement having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, any lease in the nature thereof and any agreement to
give any security interest).

Limited Condition Transaction
means any acquisition, Investment or other transaction, including by way of merger, amalgamation or consolidation, by the Company
or one or more of its Subsidiaries, with respect to which the Company or such Subsidiaries have entered into an agreement or are otherwise
contractually committed to consummate, the consummation of which is not expressly conditioned upon the availability of, or on obtaining,
financing from a third party non-Affiliate.

LTM Period means the most
recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial
statements are internally available (as determined in good faith by the Company), in each case, prior to such date of determination.

Material Corporate Indebtedness
means any (i) Credit Facility, including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, incurred pursuant to clause (2) of the definition
of Permitted Indebtedness or (ii) capital markets debt securities of the Company or any Guarantor of the Notes, in
each case, constituting Material Indebtedness.

Material Indebtedness means
Indebtedness (other than the Notes) of any one or more of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an individual principal amount of
$250.0 million at any time.

-16-

MBS Trust means any of the
trusts or trust estates in which any Mortgage Loan, being serviced or specially serviced by the Company or any Guarantor pursuant to
the terms and provisions of the applicable Collateral Transaction Documents, are held by the related trustee

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Mortgage means a mortgage
or deed of trust on real property that is improved and substantially completed.

Mortgage Loan means any loan
evidenced by a Mortgage Note and secured by a Mortgage and, if applicable, a Mortgage Security Agreement.

Mortgage Note means a promissory
note secured by one or more Mortgages and, if applicable, one or more Mortgage Security Agreements.

Mortgage Security means any
mortgage-backed security, pass-through certificate, collateralized mortgage obligation, participation certificate, or any other instrument
or beneficial interest in a pool of mortgage loans or secured by or referencing mortgage loans, whether issued or guaranteed by an Agency,
other governmental authority, or any private entity.

Mortgage Security Agreement
means a security agreement or other agreement that creates a Lien on personal property, including furniture, fixtures and equipment,
to secure repayment of a Mortgage Loan.

MSR Assets means all rights,
title and interests of the Company or the applicable Guarantor in its capacity as servicer, primary servicer, master servicer or special
servicer (or similar capacity, howsoever denominated), as applicable, in, to and under the related Collateral Transaction Document and/or
Servicing Agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, acquired or created, whether or not yet accrued, earned, due or payable, as
well as all other present and future right and interest under such Collateral Transaction Document and/or Servicing Agreements, including,
without limitation: (a) the rights to service or special service, as applicable, the related Mortgage Loans; (b) the right
to receive compensation (whether direct or indirect) for such servicing or special servicing, as applicable, including the right to receive
and retain the servicing fee and all other income, as applicable; (c) the right to hold and administer related custodial accounts,
escrow accounts, reserve accounts and any other accounts and the right to hold, administer and, if applicable, receive earnings on the
funds and investments related to any such accounts and the related servicing file arising from or connected to the servicing or special
servicing of the related Mortgage Loans under such Collateral Transaction Document and/or Servicing Agreement; (d) all rights, powers
and privileges incidental to the foregoing, together with all tiles, material documents, instruments, surveys (if available), certificates,
correspondence, appraisals, computer records, computer storage media, accounting records and other books and records relating thereto;
and (e) the nonexclusive right to use (in common with the Company or such Guarantor) the Companys or such Guarantors
operating systems to manage and administer the Mortgage Loans and any of the data and information related thereto, or that otherwise
relates to the Mortgage Loans, together with the media on which the same are stored to the extent stored with material information or
data that relates to property other than the Mortgage Loans, and the Companys or such Guarantors rights to access the same,
whether exclusive or nonexclusive, to the extent that such access rights may lawfully be transferred or used by the Companys or
such Guarantors assignees or designees, and any computer programs that are owned by the Company or such Guarantor (or licensed
to the Company or such Guarantor under licenses that may lawfully be transferred or used by the Companys or such Guarantors
assignees or designees) and that are used or useful to access, organize, input, read, print or otherwise output and otherwise handle
or use such information and data.

-17-

MSR Subsidiary means, each
of WDLLC and WD Capital.

Net Proceeds means, with
respect to any Asset Sale, an amount equal to: (i) aggregate cash payments (including any cash received by way of deferred payment
pursuant to a note receivable or otherwise, and the conversion of any non-cash asset to cash, but only as and when so received) received
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) from such Asset Sale, minus (ii) any bona fide direct
costs incurred in connection with such Asset Sale, including (1) income or gains taxes paid or payable by the seller, (2) payment
of the outstanding principal amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest on any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the
stock or assets (or the equity of any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) owning the assets) in question and that is required
to be repaid under the terms thereof as a result of such Asset Sale, (3) reasonable and customary out-of-pocket legal, underwriting
and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and (4) a reasonable reserve for any indemnification payments (fixed
or contingent) attributable to sellers indemnities and representations and warranties to purchaser in respect of such Asset Sale
undertaken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) in connection with such Asset Sale or for adjustments
to the sale price in connection therewith; provided if all or any portion of any such reserve is not used or is released, then the amount
not used or released shall comprise Net Proceeds, minus (iii) mandated fees and penalties by any Agency, if any, and all customary
or reasonable commissions, discounts, fees, costs and expenses associated therewith.

Non-Recourse Indebtedness
means, with respect to any specified Person or any of its Subsidiaries, Indebtedness that (a) is not, in whole or in part, Indebtedness
of, or secured by any Lien on the assets or properties of, the Company or any Guarantor (and for which none of the Company nor any Guarantor
has created, maintained or assumed any guarantee) and for which no holder thereof has or could have upon the occurrence of any contingency,
any recourse against the Company or any Guarantor or the assets thereof (other than (i) usual and customary carve out matters for
which the Company provides an unsecured guarantee with respect to fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations and warranties
and misapplication and (ii) Permitted Guarantees, in each case for which no claim for payment or performance thereof has been made
that would constitute a liability of the Company in accordance with GAAP), (b) is owing to a Person that is not the Company, a Subsidiary
of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or its Subsidiaries and (c) other than as expressly provided herein with respect to
the guarantees contemplated by the second parenthetical to clause (a) of this definition, the source of repayment for which is expressly
limited to the assets or cash flows of such Person.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person
who is not a U.S. Person.

Note Guarantee means the
guarantee by each Guarantor of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes pursuant to the provisions of this
Indenture.

Notes means the Initial Notes
and more particularly means any Note authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. For all purposes of this Indenture, the term Notes
shall also include any Additional Notes that may be issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

Obligations means all obligations
for principal, premium, interest, penalties, fees, indemnification, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable under the documentation
governing any Indebtedness.

-18-

OID Legend means the legend
set forth in Section 2.06(g)(iv) hereof to be placed on each Note issued hereunder that has more than a de minimis amount
of original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Offering Memorandum means
the Companys offering memorandum dated March 4, 2025, relating to the sale of the Initial Notes.

Officer means the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the President, any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President,
Vice President (or the equivalent thereof) or Treasurer, of the Company. A reference to an Officer of a Guarantor has a
correlative meaning.

Officers Certificate
means a certificate signed by or on behalf of a Person by an Officer of such Person and delivered to the Trustee.

Operating Lease means, as
to any Person as determined in accordance with GAAP, any lease of property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee
which is not a Capitalized Lease Obligation.

Opinion
of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may
be an employee of or counsel to the Company.

Pari Passu Debt means Indebtedness
of the Company or its Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) that is pari passu in right of payment with the Notes or a Note
Guarantee. For the purposes of this definition, no Indebtedness will be considered to be senior or junior by virtue of being secured
on a first or junior priority basis.

Partial Interest Asset Sale
means the sale by the Company or any Guarantor to a third party of a partial interest in an asset, which sale is permitted pursuant to
Section 4.10 hereof.

Participant means, with respect
to the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively
(and, with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream).

Permitted Business means
the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as described in this offering memorandum and businesses that are reasonably related,
ancillary or complementary thereto or reasonable developments or extensions thereof.

Permitted Funding Collateral
means, with respect to any Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness, such assets of the borrower thereunder as
are pledged to support such Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt,
in no event shall Permitted Funding Collateral include (a) any right to payments owed to the Company or any Guarantor under any
of the Servicing Agreements or (b) any MSR Assets, other than such rights to payment and MSR Assets relating to loans included in
such Permitted Funding Collateral.

Permitted Funding Indebtedness
means any Indebtedness, which may be structured as loans, warehouse facilities, repurchase facilities, bridge facilities, working capital
facilities or other similar facilities that, in each case, contains customary terms for such Indebtedness and is incurred in the ordinary
course of business of the borrower thereunder but only to the extent that (a) the amount thereof that the holder of such Indebtedness
has contractual recourse to the Company or any Guarantor does not exceed the Realizable Value of the assets securing such Indebtedness
and (b) such Indebtedness is secured only by Permitted Funding Collateral applicable to that Permitted Funding Indebtedness. The
amount of any such Indebtedness shall be determined in accordance with GAAP.

-19-

Permitted Guarantee means
one or more of the following guarantees of the Company or any Guarantor: (a) guarantees of Indebtedness of an Excluded Subsidiary
consisting of loans or lines of credit incurred by such Excluded Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business that are secured solely
by the assets of Excluded Subsidiary and which such guarantees are secured, if at all, solely by the Equity Interests issued by such
Excluded Subsidiary to the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, that is providing such guarantee, (b) unsecured guarantees of
Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness and (c) guarantees of obligations of an entity in which the Company,
any Guarantor or an Excluded Subsidiary has directly or indirectly made an Investment that is not otherwise prohibited hereunder, which
guarantee under this clause (c) shall be unsecured and shall be limited to usual and customary carve out matters with respect to
fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations and warranties and misapplication by the Company, the Guarantors or such entity.

Permitted Hedging Transactions
means entering into instruments and contracts and making margin calls thereon by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than an
Excluded Subsidiary) in reasonable relation to a Permitted Business that are entered into for bona fide hedging purposes and not for
speculative purposes (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of the Company or such Subsidiary (other
than an Excluded Subsidiary)) and shall include, without limitation, interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars and forward hedge or
mortgage sale contracts and similar instruments, interest only mortgage derivative assets or other mortgage derivative
products, future contracts and options on futures contracts on the Eurodollar, Federal Funds, Treasury bills and Treasury rates and similar
financial instruments.

Permitted Indebtedness means,
without duplication, each of the following:

(1)Indebtedness
under the Notes issued on the Issue Date and the Note Guarantees;

(2)Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary under Credit Facilities in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the sum of (x) $500.0 million
plus, if and to the extent approved by Fannie Mae where Fannie Mae consent is required (y) the greater of (i) $325.0 million
and (ii) 100.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period plus (z) an amount (with any amounts
incurred under this clause (z) deemed to be Consolidated Net Secured Corporate Indebtedness for this purpose) such that, after giving
pro forma effect to the incurrence of such additional amount and the application of proceeds therefrom, the Consolidated Net Secured
Leverage Ratio would not exceed 3.00 to 1.00, in each case at any one time outstanding;

(3)other
Indebtedness and Preferred Stock of the Company and its Subsidiaries outstanding on the Issue Date (excluding Indebtedness described
in clauses (1) and (2) above);

(4)Permitted
Hedging Transactions;

(5)Indebtedness
under Hedge Agreements (excluding Hedge Agreements entered into for speculative purposes);

(6)unsecured
intercompany Indebtedness (i) owed by the Company or any Subsidiaries to the Company or a Subsidiary and (ii) owed by the Company
or any Subsidiaries to any Excluded Subsidiary; provided, however, that in respect with this subsection 6(ii), if the Company or any
Guarantor is the obligor on such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated to the prior payment in full in cash of all
obligations with respect to the Notes;

-20-

(7)Guarantees
in the form of WDLLCs or, as may be applicable, WD Capitals respective loss sharing agreements with Fannie Mae or similar
loss sharing agreements in favor of third party holders of Mortgage Loans originated or brokered by the Company or a Guarantor or an
Excluded Subsidiary under a program or arrangement comparable to the loss sharing arrangements with Fannie Mae;

(8)Subordinated
Indebtedness; provided, that in the case of each incurrence of such Subordinated Indebtedness, (i) no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing or would result from the incurrence of such Subordinated Indebtedness and (ii) such Subordinated Indebtedness
shall not be recourse or guaranteed by any Person that is not the Company or a Guarantor;

(9)Indebtedness
under letters of credit, performance bonds, surety bonds, release, appeal and similar bonds, statutory obligations or with respect to
workers compensation claims, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and reimbursement obligations in respect
of any of the foregoing;

(10)Permitted
Funding Indebtedness and any Permitted Guarantee; provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result
from the incurrence thereof at the time any lending commitment or increase therein is obtained (determined as if such commitment or increase
was fully funded at such time);

(11)Securitization
Transaction Attributed Indebtedness;

(12)Refinancing
Indebtedness;

(13)any
guarantee by the Company or a Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of any Subsidiary of the Company (other than (i) Non-Recourse
Indebtedness (except to the extent expressly permitted in clause (a) of the definition of Non-Recourse Indebtedness)
and (ii) Indebtedness permitted by clauses (7) and (10) of this definition) so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness
incurred by such Subsidiary of the Company is permitted under the terms of this Indenture; provided that any Guarantees of Subordinated
Indebtedness or other Indebtedness that is subordinated to the notes shall also be subordinated to the notes on the same basis as the
Indebtedness being guaranteed.

(14)Non-Recourse
Indebtedness;

(15)[reserved];

(16)Indebtedness
incurred in connection with Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater
of (i) $100.0 million and (ii) 30.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period;

(17)unsecured
contingent liabilities in respect of customary arrangements providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn-outs, non-compete,
consulting, deferred compensation and similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the disposition or purchase
of assets permitted by this Indenture;

-21-

(18)Indebtedness
arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or other similar instrument drawn against insufficient
funds in the ordinary course of business;

(19)(x) Acquired
Indebtedness and Indebtedness incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) in connection
with the acquisition of a Permitted Business or its assets and (y) Indebtedness of a Person or any of its Subsidiaries existing
at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or at the time it merges or consolidates
with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets
by the Company or any of its Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by the
Company or any of its Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and, in each case, not incurred by, in connection with, or in anticipation
or contemplation of, such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Company or such acquisition, merger or consolidation in connection with
the acquisition of a Permitted Business or such assets; provided that, in each case, on the date of the assumption or incurrence of such
Indebtedness, after giving effect to the assumption or incurrence thereof and the use of proceeds therefrom, either:

(a)the
Company would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio
set forth in Section 4.09(b); or

(b)the
Consolidated Corporate Leverage Ratio would not be higher than the ratio of Consolidated Corporate Leverage Ratio immediately prior to
the incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness;

(20)shares
of Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Company issued to the Company or another Subsidiary; provided that any subsequent issuance
or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary or any other subsequent
transfer of any such share of Preferred Stock (except to the Company or another Subsidiary) shall be deemed in each case to be an issuance
of such shares or Preferred Stock not permitted by this clause (20);

(21)unsecured
Indebtedness owing to any insurance company in the ordinary course of business in connection with the financing of any insurance premiums
permitted by such insurance company;

(22)Obligations
in respect of, or Indebtedness that may be deemed to exist pursuant to, any guarantees, performance, surety, statutory, appeal or similar
obligations (including Obligations under any letter of credit incurred for such purposes) incurred in the ordinary course of business
or in connection with judgments that do not result in an Event of Default;

(23)additional
Indebtedness incurred by the Company and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (i) $130.0
million and (ii) 40.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period; provided that no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the incurrence thereof; and

-22-

(24)Agency
Repurchase Indebtedness.

For purposes of determining compliance with Section 4.09
hereof, (x) in the event that an item of Indebtedness or Preferred Stock meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of
Permitted Indebtedness described in clauses (1) through (24) above or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to 4.09(b), the Company
shall, in its sole discretion, classify (and may later reclassify) such item of Indebtedness or Preferred Stock or any portion thereof
in any manner that complies with Section 4.09; provided that Indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities outstanding
on the Issue Date shall be deemed incurred pursuant to clause (2)(x) above and may not be reclassified and (y) in the event
an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) is incurred other than in reliance on an applicable ratio (such Indebtedness, the Fixed
Dollar Incurrence) on the same date that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) is incurred in reliance on an applicable
ratio, then the applicable ratio will be calculated with respect to such incurrence without regard to any concurrent Fixed Dollar Incurrence.
Accrual of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest on any Indebtedness in the form of
additional Indebtedness with the same terms, and the payment of dividends on Disqualified Capital Stock in the form of additional shares
of the same class of Disqualified Capital Stock will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness or an issuance of Disqualified
Capital Stock for purposes of Section 4.09 hereof.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture
to the contrary, for all purposes during the term of this Indenture, each lease in existence on the Issue Date shall have the same characterization
as a Capitalized Lease Obligation or an Operating Lease as the characterization of that lease in the most recent financial statements
in existence on the Issue Date, notwithstanding any change in characterization of that lease subsequent to the Issue Date by the Company
based on changes in GAAP or its interpretation of GAAP.

Permitted Investments means:

(1)any
Investment in the Company or in a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an acquisition
of assets useful in a Permitted Business, if as a result of such acquisition, such assets become owned by the Company or a Subsidiary
(other than an Excluded Subsidiary));

(2)Investments
in the ordinary course of business in cash, Cash Equivalents and self-funded Mortgage Loans that are not subject to any Liens (other
than Liens under the documentation for Credit Facilities) or any restriction on the creation, incurrence, assumption or existence of
Liens thereon;

(3)any
Investment by the Company or any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company in a Person, if as a result of such Investment
(x) such Person becomes a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company (including by means of a Division) or (y) such
Person is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated
into, the Company or a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company;

(4)So
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Investments by the Company or any Subsidiary
in Securitization Entities in connection with a Qualified Securitization Transaction, or Investments in mortgage-related securities or
charge-off receivables in the ordinary course of business;

(5)Investments
arising out of purchases of all remaining outstanding asset-backed securities of any Securitization Entity and/or Securitization Assets
of any Securitization Entity in the ordinary course of business or for the purpose of relieving the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company
of the administrative expense of servicing such Securitization Entity;

(6)Investments
by the Company or any Subsidiary in the form of loans extended to non-Affiliate borrowers in connection with any loan origination business
of the Company or such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;

-23-

(7)any
Investment made as a result of the receipt of securities or other assets of non-cash consideration from any disposition of assets not
constituting an Asset Sale or from an Asset Sale that was made pursuant to and in compliance with Section 4.10 hereof;

(8)Investments
made solely in exchange for the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Company or any Excluded Subsidiary;

(9)any
Investments received in compromise or resolution of (a) obligations of trade creditors or customers that were incurred in the ordinary
course of business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement
upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade creditor or customer, or (b) litigation, arbitration or other disputes with Persons
who are not Affiliates;

(10)Investments
in connection with Hedging Agreements and Permitted Hedging Transactions;

(11)repurchases
of the Notes;

(12)guarantees
of Indebtedness permitted under Section 4.09 hereof;

(13)any
transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted and made in accordance with Section 4.11(b) hereof
(except transactions described in clauses (vii) and (ix) of such Section 4.11(b) hereof);

(14)purchases
of assets in the ordinary course of business;

(15)deposits
made in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of leases or other obligations with respect to Permitted Liens;

(16)any
Investment existing on the Issue Date or made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the Issue Date or an Investment consisting
of any replacement, refinancing, refunding, extension, modification or renewal of any of the foregoing; provided that the amount of any
such Investment may only be increased pursuant to this clause (16) to the extent required by the terms of such Investment or the binding
commitments therefor, as applicable, as in existence on the Issue Date or as otherwise permitted under this Indenture;

(17)any
Investment by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in any Person where such Investment was acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary
(other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company (a) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by the Company
or any such Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of
such other Investment or accounts receivable, or (b) as a result of a foreclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default;

(18)other
Investments not to exceed the greater of (i) $85.0 million and (ii) 25.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently
ended LTM Period;

(19)purchases
of mortgage-backed securities or similar debt instruments related to a Permitted Business;

-24-

(20)Investments
in the form of loans and advances to officers, directors and employees (1) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount
not to exceed at any time outstanding $25.0 million (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs of such loans or advances),
and (2) in connection with the recruitment and engagement of such officers, directors and employees that are forgivable subject
to continued employment;

(21)Investments
(i) in any securities received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors and (ii) consisting
of deposits, prepayments and other credits to suppliers made in the ordinary course of business consistent with the past practices of
the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(22)Investments
in Excluded Subsidiaries (including, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) an acquisition of assets, if as a result of such acquisition,
such assets become owned by an Excluded Subsidiary and (ii) any Investment by an Excluded Subsidiary in a Person, if as a result
of such Investment (x) such Person becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of the Company (including by means of a Division) or (y) such
Person is merged, consolidated, or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated
into, an Excluded Subsidiary of the Company) in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of (x) $162.5
million and (y) 50.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period; provided that no Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom;

(23)additional
Investments so long as immediately prior to and after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Investment and any Indebtedness incurred
in connection therewith, (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) the Consolidated Net Corporate
Leverage Ratio will not exceed 3.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and determined as of the most recently ended LTM Period;
and

(24)Investments
by the Company or any Guarantor consisting of capital expenditures not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture.

Permitted Liens means the
following types of Liens:

(1)Liens
for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims either (a) not yet delinquent for a period of more than 90 days, or (b) contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted if adequate reserves are maintained to the extent
required by GAAP and the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse
effect;

(2)(i) contractual
or statutory Liens of landlords to the extent relating to the property and assets relating to any lease agreements with such landlord,
(ii) contractual Liens of suppliers (including sellers of goods) or customers granted in the ordinary course of business to the
extent limited to the property or assets relating to such contract and (iii) the claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen,
processors or landlords for labor, materials, supplies or rentals incurred in the ordinary course of business, which (a) are not
overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days, or if more than thirty (30) days overdue, no action has been taken to enforce such
Liens and such Liens are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves are maintained to the extent
required by GAAP and (b) do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the operation of the business of the Company
or any of the other Guarantors;

(3)deposits
or pledges made in the ordinary course of business in connection with, or to secure payment of, letters of credit, obligations under
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security or similar legislation, or to secure the performance
of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgments
or litigation), performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, in each case, so
long as no foreclosure sale or similar proceeding has been commenced with respect to any portion of the Property of the Company or its
Subsidiaries on account thereof;

-25-

(4)Liens
existing on the Issue Date (excluding Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (2) of the definition
of Permitted Indebtedness);

(5)(i) Liens
on Property (i) of any Subsidiary which are in existence at the time that such Subsidiary is acquired pursuant to a permitted acquisition
and (ii) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the time such tangible property or tangible assets are purchased
or otherwise acquired by the Company or such Subsidiary thereof pursuant to a transaction permitted pursuant to this Indenture; provided
that, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), (A) such Liens are not incurred in connection with, or in
anticipation of, such permitted acquisition, purchase or other acquisition, (B) such Liens are applicable only to specific Property,
(C) such Liens are not blanket or all asset Liens, (D) such Liens do not attach to any other Property of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (E) the Indebtedness secured by such Liens is permitted by clause 19 of the definition of
Permitted Indebtedness);

(6)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (16) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; provided,
that (i) such Liens shall be created substantially simultaneously with the acquisition, repair, improvement or lease, as applicable,
of the related Property, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the Property financed by such Indebtedness,
and (iii) the principal amount of Indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the
original price for the purchase, repair improvement or lease amount (as applicable) of such Property at the time of purchase, repair,
improvement or lease (as applicable);

(7)Liens
on Permitted Funding Collateral securing Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses
(10) and (24) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;

(8)any
interest or title of a licensor, sublicensor, lessor or sublessor with respect to any assets under any license or lease agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or
the other Guarantors or materially detract from the value of the relevant assets of the Borrower or the other Guarantors or (ii) secure
any Indebtedness;

(9)Liens
arising from the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to personal property leased pursuant to Operating Leases
entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Company or its Subsidiaries;

(10)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (2) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;

(11)Liens
on the Equity Interests issued by an Excluded Subsidiary to secure any Permitted Guarantee with respect to Indebtedness of such Excluded
Subsidiary;

(12)Liens
securing Non-Recourse Indebtedness so long as such Lien shall encumber only (i) any Equity Interests of the Subsidiary which owes
such Indebtedness, (ii) the assets originated, acquired or funded with the proceeds of such Non-Recourse Indebtedness and (iii) any
intangible contract rights and other accounts, documents, records and other property directly related to the foregoing;

-26-

(13)grants
of software and other technology licenses in the ordinary course of business;

(14)Liens
to secure any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (or successive refinancings, refundings, extensions, renewals
or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in clauses (4), (5), (6) and (10) of
this definition; provided, however, that (x) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured
the original Lien (plus improvements on such property), and (y) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased
to any amount greater than the sum of (A) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount of the Indebtedness
described under clauses (4), (5), (6) and (10) of this definition at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien under
this Indenture, and (B) an amount necessary to pay any accrued and unpaid interest, fees and expenses, including premiums, related
to such refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement;

(15)Liens
arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of goods entered into
in the ordinary course of business;

(16)Liens
incurred to secure cash management services or to implement cash pooling arrangements in the ordinary course of business and Liens arising
by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers Liens, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies
as to deposit accounts, securities accounts or other funds maintained with a depository or financial institution or securities intermediary;

(17)any
encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement
pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement;

(18)Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default or securing appeal or other surety bonds relating to
such judgments;

(19)encumbrances
in the nature of zoning restrictions, easements and rights or restrictions of record on the use of real property, which in the aggregate
are not substantial in amount and which do not, in any case, detract from the value of such property or impair the use thereof in the
ordinary conduct of business;

(20)Liens
upon specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers
acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other
goods;

(21)Liens
securing reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit which encumber documents and other property relating to such letters
of credit and products and proceeds thereof;

(22)Liens
encumbering deposits made to secure obligations arising from statutory, regulatory, contractual, or warranty requirements of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, including rights of offset and setoff;

(23)Liens
securing Permitted Hedging Transactions or Indebtedness under Hedge Agreements and the costs thereof;

-27-

(24)Liens
in favor of an Agency (or a custodian on behalf of such Agency) under the Agency Agreements;

(25)Liens
with respect to obligations at any one time outstanding that do not exceed the greater of (x) $130.0 million and (y) 40.0%
of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period at any time outstanding;

(26)Liens
on the Securitization Assets purported to be sold to a Securitization Entity in a Qualified Securitization Transaction or securing Securitization
Transaction Attributed Indebtedness;

(27)(i) Liens
of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in
the relevant jurisdiction and (ii) Liens of any depositary bank in connection with statutory, common law and contractual rights
of set-off and recoupment with respect to any deposit account of the Company or a Guarantor; and

(28)(i) Liens
(a) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment to be applied against
the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect to any such Investment (including
any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such Investment), or (b) consisting of an agreement to sell, transfer,
lease or otherwise dispose of any property in a transaction permitted by Section 4.10 hereof or which does not constitute an Asset
Sale, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or sale, disposition, transfer or lease, as the case may be, would have been
permitted under this Indenture on the date of the creation of such Lien and (ii) Liens in connection with escrow arrangements for
the proceeds of Indebtedness intended to fund an acquisition or other Investment (or refinance, replace, modify, repay, redeem, refund,
renew or extend Indebtedness in connection therewith) and related costs and expenses (including any refinancing, replacement, modification,
repayment, redemption, refunding, renewal or extension thereof).

For purposes of determining compliance with Section 4.12
hereof, (x) in the event that a Lien meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Liens described in clauses (1) through
(28) above, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, classify (and may later reclassify) such Lien or any portion thereof in any manner
that complies with Section 4.12 hereof and (y) in the event a Lien is created pursuant to a Fixed Dollar Incurrence, or secures
Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) that is incurred pursuant to a Fixed Dollar Incurrence, in each case, on the same date that a Lien
is created securing an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) incurred in reliance on an applicable ratio, then the applicable
ratio will be calculated with respect to such incurrence without regard to any concurrent Fixed Dollar Incurrence.

Person means an individual,
partnership, corporation, limited liability company, unincorporated organization, trust or joint venture, or a governmental agency or
political subdivision thereof.

Private
Placement Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(i) hereof to be placed on all Notes issued
under this Indenture, except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture.

Preferred Stock of any Person
means any Capital Stock of such Person that has preferential rights to any other Capital Stock of such Person with respect to dividends
or redemptions or upon liquidation.

-28-

Pro Forma Basis means, for
purposes of calculating the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio (and the component
definitions therein) for any period during which one or more Specified Transactions occurs, that such Specified Transaction (and all
other Specified Transactions that have been consummated during the applicable period) and all Specified Transactions that occur subsequent
to the applicable measurement period and on or prior to the date of determination, in each case, shall be deemed to have occurred as
of the first day of the applicable period of measurement and:

(a)all
income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Property or Person disposed of in an Asset Sale shall be excluded
and all income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Property or Person acquired in a permitted acquisition
shall be included; and

(b)non-recurring
costs, extraordinary expenses and other pro forma adjustments attributable to such Specified Transaction may be included to the extent
that such costs, expenses or adjustments:

(i)are
reasonably expected to be realized within twenty-four (24) months of such Specified Transaction;

(ii)are
calculated on a basis consistent with GAAP and Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act; and

(iii)represent
less than twenty-five percent (25%) of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period (determined without giving
effect to this clause (b));

provided that the foregoing costs, expenses and
adjustments shall be without duplication of any costs, expenses or adjustments that are already included in the calculation of Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA or clause (a) above, as the case may be.

Property means any right
or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, including,
without limitation, Equity Interests.

QIB means a qualified
institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

Qualified Capital Stock means
any Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Capital Stock.

Qualified Securitization Transaction
means, any Securitization Transaction, provided that (a) the consideration for the Asset Sale of Securitization Assets by the Company
or any Guarantor to any Securitization Entity is not less than fair market value, (b) the board of directors (or equivalent) of
the Company shall have determined in good faith that such Securitization Transaction (including financing terms, covenants, termination
events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Company and/or such Guarantor, (c) except
for the Standard Securitization Undertakings related thereto, the obligations under such Securitization Transaction are non-recourse
to the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the applicable Securitization Entity) and (d) the material terms of such Securitization
Transaction are usual and customary for transactions of such type.

Rating Agencies means Moodys
and S&P.

Realizable Value means, with
respect to any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) in the case of any real property owned by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and acquired as a result of the foreclosure or other enforcement of a Lien by such Person, the value realizable upon
the disposition of such asset as determined by the Company in good faith and consistent with customary industry practice (which such
amount shall not, at any time, exceed the book value of such asset used in preparing the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its Subsidiaries) and (b) with respect to any other asset, the lesser of (i) if applicable, the face amount of
such asset and (ii) the fair market value of such asset as determined by the Company in accordance with the agreement governing
any Indebtedness secured by such asset (or, if such agreement does not contain any such provision, as determined by the senior management
of the Company in good faith and consistent with customary industry practice); provided that the Realizable Value of any asset described
in clauses (a) or (b) as to which the Company and its Subsidiaries have a binding commitment to purchase from a Person that
is not the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or its Subsidiaries shall be the minimum price payable
to the Company and its Subsidiaries for such asset pursuant to the terms of such contractual commitment.

-29-

Record Date for the interest
payable on any applicable Interest Payment Date means March 15 or September 15 (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding
such Interest Payment Date.

Refinance means, in respect
of any security or Indebtedness, to refinance, extend, renew, refund, repay, prepay, redeem, defease or retire, or to issue a security
or Indebtedness in exchange or replacement for, such security or Indebtedness in whole or in part. Refinanced and
Refinancing shall have correlative meanings.

Refinancing Indebtedness
means any Refinancing by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of Indebtedness incurred in accordance with clause (1), (3), (10),
(12), (15), (16), (19) and (24) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness or incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b) hereof,
and in each case that does not:

(1)result
in an increase in the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of such Person as of the date of such proposed Refinancing (or, if such
Refinancing Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount, the aggregate issue price of such Indebtedness is not more than the
aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness being refinanced), assuming any existing commitments under the Indebtedness being Refinanced
are fully drawn, except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, premium and other defeasance costs on the Indebtedness being Refinanced
plus other reasonable amounts paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such Refinancing and amounts of Indebtedness
otherwise permitted to be incurred under this Indenture); or

(2)create
Indebtedness with a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is less than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being
Refinanced; or a scheduled final maturity earlier than the scheduled final maturity of the Indebtedness being Refinanced;

provided
that (i) (a) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is Indebtedness of the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor, such
Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor or (b) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is Indebtedness
of a Subsidiary (other than the Company) that is not a Guarantor, such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary,
(ii) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinate or junior to the Notes or any Note Guarantee, then such Refinancing Indebtedness
shall be subordinate to the Notes or such Note Guarantee at least to the same extent and in the same manner as the Indebtedness being
Refinanced and (iii) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced was incurred pursuant to clause (10) or clause (24) of the definition
of Permitted Indebtedness, then such Refinancing Indebtedness must be Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase
Indebtedness, as applicable.

Regulation S means Regulation
S promulgated under the Securities Act.

-30-

Regulation S Global Note
means a Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, bearing the Global Note Legend and, if applicable, the OID Legend
and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes initially sold in reliance on Rule 903..

Responsible Officer means,
when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president,
any assistant vice president, any trust officer, any assistant trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs
functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust
matter is referred because of such Persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct
responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Definitive Note
means a Definitive Note bearing, or that is required to bear, the Private Placement Legend and, if applicable, the OID Legend.

Restricted Global Note means
a Global Note bearing, or that is required to bear, the Private Placement Legend and, if applicable, the OID Legend.

Restricted Investment means
an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.

Restricted Note means a Restricted
Definitive Note or a Restricted Global Note, as the case may be.

Rule 144 means Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 903 means Rule 903
promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 904
means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act.

S&P means Standard &
Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.

SEC means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor governmental authority performing a similar function.

Secured Debt means any Indebtedness
that is secured by a Lien on any assets, property or Equity Interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (regardless of the Realizable
Value of such assets, property or Equity Interests).

Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any successor statute or statutes thereto.

Securitization Assets means
loans, accounts receivable, payment rights and other related assets (including, without limitation, any proceeds thereof and rights (contractual
and other) and collateral (including all general intangibles, documents, instruments and records) related thereto) which are customarily
sold or pledged pursuant to a securitization transaction or other similar financing transaction; provided that in no event shall Securitization
Assets include (a) any right to payments owed to the Company or any Guarantor under any of the Servicing Agreement or (b) any
MSR Assets, other than such rights to payment and MSR Assets relating to loans included in such Securitization Assets.

-31-

Securitization Entity means
a Subsidiary of the Company (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Securitization Transaction with the
Company or a Guarantor in which the Company or such Guarantor makes an Investment or to which the Company or such Guarantor transfers
assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of assets of such Person, and any business or activities
incidental or related to that business, and

(a)no
portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which:

(1)is
guaranteed by the Company or any Guarantor (excluding unsecured guarantees of obligations pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings);

(2)is
recourse to or obligates the Company or any Guarantor in any way other than pursuant to unsecured guarantees of Standard Securitization
Undertakings, or

(3)is
secured by any property or asset of the Company or any Guarantor, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, for the satisfaction
thereof;

(b)with
which neither the Company nor any Guarantor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than those entered
into in connection with Qualified Securitization Transactions that are on terms which the Company reasonably believes to be no less favorable
to the Company or such Guarantor than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Company, and

(c)to
which neither the Company nor any Guarantor has any obligation to maintain or preserve the entitys financial condition or cause
the entity to achieve certain levels of operating results other than pursuant to unsecured guarantees of Standard Securitization Undertakings.

Securitization Transaction
means any transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which the Company or a Guarantor (a) sells, assigns, conveys or otherwise
transfers Securitization Assets or (b) pledges or grants security interests or Liens in Securitization Assets, in each case under
clause (a) or (b), to a Securitization Entity for the purpose of a securitization transaction or other similar financing transaction.

Securitization Transaction Attributed
Indebtedness means the amount of obligations outstanding under the legal documents entered into as part of any Qualified Securitization
Transaction on any date of determination that would be characterized as principal if Qualified Securitization Transaction were required
to be structured as a secured lending transaction rather than a sale.

Senior Secured Credit Facilities
means the credit facilities, consisting on the Issue Date of a revolving facility and a term loan facility, incurred under the Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, among the Company, as the borrower, the lenders that are from time to time
parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as such agreement may be amended (including any amendment and
restatement thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including any agreement extending the maturity of, increasing
the interest rate or fees applicable thereto, refinancing, replacing or otherwise restructuring (including adding Subsidiaries of the
Company as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under any such agreement or any successor
or replacement agreement and any indentures or other credit facilities and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or group of
lenders.

-32-

Servicing Agreements means,
with respect to any Person, the arrangement, whether or not in writing, under which that Person has the right to service Mortgage Loans.

Specified Transactions means,
with respect to any period, any Investment, sale, transfer or other disposition of assets, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, Restricted
Payment, Subsidiary designation or re-designation or other event that by the terms of this Indenture requires Pro Forma
compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis.

Standard Securitization Undertakings
means representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities entered into by the Company or any Guarantor which are customary
in similar securitization transactions.

Subordinated Indebtedness
means the collective reference to any Indebtedness incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries)
that is contractually subordinated or junior in right of payment to the notes or any Notes Guarantee.

Subsidiary, with respect
to any Person, means:

(1)any
corporation of which the outstanding Capital Stock having at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors
under ordinary circumstances shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person; or

(2)any
other Person of which at least a majority of the voting interest under ordinary circumstances is at the time, directly or indirectly,
owned by such Person.

Subsidiary Guarantor means
each Subsidiary of the Company that is not an Excluded Subsidiary and that provides a Note Guarantee in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture and its successors and assigns, until the Note Guarantee of such Person has been released in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture.

Synthetic Lease means any
synthetic lease, tax retention Operating Lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing product where such transaction
is considered borrowed money indebtedness for tax purposes but is classified as an Operating Lease in accordance with GAAP.

Treasury Rate means, as determined
by the Company, with respect to any redemption date, the weekly average rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percentage point (for the
most recently completed week for which such information is available as of the date that is two Business Days prior to such redemption
date) of the yield to maturity of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in Federal Reserve
Statistical Release H. 15 with respect to each applicable day during such week (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published,
any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to April 1, 2028;
provided, however, that if the period from such redemption date to April 1, 2028 is less than one year, the weekly
average yield on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used.

Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as trustee, until a successor replaces it in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture
and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder.

-33-

Unrestricted Cash means,
at any time, cash and Cash Equivalents reflected on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Guarantors at such time to
the extent such cash or Cash Equivalent is not reflected as restricted.

Unrestricted Definitive Note
means one or more Definitive Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, that bear, if applicable, the OID Legend and
that do not bear and are not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

Unrestricted Global Note
means a permanent Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, that bears the Global Note Legend and, if applicable,
the OID Legend and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto, and that is deposited
with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary, representing Notes that do not bear and are not required to bear the
Private Placement Legend.

U.S. Person means a U.S.
person as defined in Rule 902(k) under the Securities Act.

Voting Stock of any Person
as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of Directors
of such Person.

Weighted Average Life to Maturity
means, when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Capital Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the number of
years obtained by dividing: (1) the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment
with respect to such Disqualified Capital Stock or Preferred Stock into (2) the sum of the total of the products obtained by multiplying
(i) the amount of each then remaining scheduled installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payment of
principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth)
which will elapse between such date and the making of such payment.

WD Capital means Walker &
Dunlop Capital, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.

WDLLC means Walker &
Dunlop, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary of
any Person means any Subsidiary of such Person of which all the outstanding voting securities (other than in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary,
directors qualifying shares or an immaterial amount of shares required to be owned by other Persons pursuant to applicable law)
are owned by such Person or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Person.

SECTION 1.02. Other
Definitions.

Term Defined
in

Section

Acceptable
Commitment 4.10

Affiliate
Transaction 4.11

Applicable
Premium Deficit 11.01

Applicable
Law 12.16

Authentication
Order 2.02

Asset
Sale Offer 4.10

Change
of Control Offer 4.14

Change
of Control Payment 4.14

Change
of Control Payment Date 4.14

-34-

Term Defined
in

Section

Covenant
Defeasance 8.03

DTC 2.03

Event
of Default 6.01

Excess
Proceeds 4.10

incur 4.09

Legal
Defeasance 8.02

Note
Register 2.03

notice
of acceleration 6.02

Offer
Amount 3.09

Offer
Period 3.09

Paying
Agent 2.03

Permitted
Parties 4.03

Purchase
Date 3.09

Registrar 2.03

Restricted
Payment 4.07

Reversion
Date 4.18

Surviving
Entity 5.01

Suspended
Covenants 4.18

Suspension
Period 4.18

Trust
Indenture Act 12.01

SECTION 1.03. Rules of
Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires:

a term has the meaning assigned to it;

an accounting term not otherwise defined
has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

or is not exclusive;

words in the singular include the plural,
and in the plural include the singular;

including means including
without limitation;

will shall be interpreted
to express a command;

provisions apply to successive events
and transactions;

references to sections of, or rules under,
the Securities Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time
to time;

unless the context otherwise requires,
any reference to an Article, Section or clause refers to an Article, Section or clause,
as the case may be, of this Indenture; and

the words herein, hereof
and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not any particular Article, Section,
clause or other subdivision.

-35-

SECTION 1.04. Acts
of Holders.

(a)Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by
Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or
by an agent duly appointed in writing. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument
or instruments or record or both are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Proof of execution
of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent, or the holding by any Person of a Note, shall be sufficient for any
purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 7.01) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner
provided in this Section 1.04.

(b)The
fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution
or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual
signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by or on behalf of any legal entity
other than an individual, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute proof of the authority of the Person executing the same.
The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be
proved in any other manner that the Trustee deems sufficient.

(c)The
ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

(d)Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind every future
Holder of the same Note and the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu
thereof, in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation
of such action is made upon such Note.

(e)The
Company may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Holders entitled to give any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or take any other act, or to vote or consent to any action by vote or consent authorized or permitted
to be given or taken by Holders. Unless otherwise specified, if not set by the Company prior to the first solicitation of a Holder made
by any Person in respect of any such action, or in the case of any such vote, prior to such vote, any such record date shall be the later
of 30 days prior to the first solicitation of such consent or the date of the most recent list of Holders furnished to the Trustee prior
to such solicitation.

(f)Without
limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Note may do so with regard to all
or any part of the principal amount of such Note or by one or more duly appointed agents, each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment
with regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Any notice given or action taken by a Holder or its agents with regard to different
parts of such principal amount pursuant to this paragraph shall have the same effect as if given or taken by separate Holders of each
such different part.

(g)Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Holder, including any Depositary that is the Holder of a Global Note, may make, give or take,
by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action
provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders, and DTC that is the Holder of a Global Note may provide its proxy or
proxies to the beneficial owners of interests in any such Global Note through such Depositarys standing instructions and customary
practices.

-36-

(h)The
Company may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Persons who are beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note held
by any Depositary entitled under the procedures of such depositary to make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing,
any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or
taken by Holders. If such a record date is fixed, the Holders on such record date or their duly appointed proxy or proxies, and only
such Persons, shall be entitled to make, give or take such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other
action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date. No such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice,
consent, waiver or other action shall be valid or effective if made, given or taken more than 90 days after such record date.

SECTION 1.05. Limited
Condition Transactions.

When calculating the availability under any threshold
or basket based on a dollar amount, percentage or other financial measure (a basket or cap)
or ratio under this Indenture, in each case, in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, the date of determination of such basket,
cap or ratio and of any requirement that there be no Default or Event of Default may, at the option of the Company, be the date the definitive
agreement(s) for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into. Any such ratio, basket, cap or requirement shall be calculated
on a Pro Forma Basis, after giving effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions related thereto (including any
incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had been consummated at the beginning of the applicable
period or as of the date of determination (e.g., the ratio of Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA), as
applicable, for purposes of determining the ability to consummate any such Limited Condition Transaction and any such related transactions;
provided that if the Company elects to make such determination as of the date of such definitive agreement(s), then (i) if
any of such ratios are no longer complied with or caps or baskets are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in such ratio, cap or basket
(including due to fluctuations in the ratio of Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Company or
the target company) subsequent to such date of determination and at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Transaction
and any such related transactions, such ratios, caps or baskets will not be deemed to have been no longer complied with or exceeded as
a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition Transaction and such related transactions
are permitted under this Indenture, (ii) such ratios, caps or baskets shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited
Condition Transaction and such related transactions, and (iii) during the period on and following the date of any such election
by the Company with respect to a given Limited Condition Transaction and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition
Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires
without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining whether any unrelated subsequent transaction
(including, without limitation, the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens, the making of Restricted Payments, the making of any Investment,
mergers, the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the prepayment, redemption,
purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction of Indebtedness, or the designation of an Excluded Subsidiary) is permitted under this Indenture,
any applicable ratio, cap or basket shall be required to be satisfied giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and
other related transactions (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof).

-37-

ARTICLE 2

THE NOTES

SECTION 2.01. Form and
Dating; Terms.

(a)General.
The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. The
Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules or usage. Each Note shall be dated the date
of its authentication. The Notes shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(b)Global
Notes. Global Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon and the
Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Definitive Notes shall be substantially in the
form of Exhibit A hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon and without the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in
the Global Note attached thereto). Each Global Note shall represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein
and each shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and the aggregate principal
amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect transfers,
exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal
amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance
with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.06 hereof.

(c)Terms.
The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited, subject to the
limitation in Section 4.09. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event shall the aggregate principal amount of Notes
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture exceed $450,000,000 and, together with the aggregate principal amount of the Senior
Secured Credit Facilities, exceed $850,000,000, in each case without Fannie Maes prior written consent.

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes
shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Company, the Guarantors, if any, and the Trustee, by
their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the
extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern
and be controlling.

The Notes shall be subject to repurchase by the
Company pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer as provided in Section 4.10 hereof or a Change of Control Offer as provided in Section 4.14
hereof. The Notes shall not be redeemable, other than as provided in Article 3 hereof.

Additional Notes ranking pari passu with
the Initial Notes may be created and issued from time to time by the Company without notice to or consent of the Holders and shall be
consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial Notes and shall have the same terms as to status, waivers, amendments, offers
to repurchase, redemption or otherwise as the Initial Notes (but not as to issue date, issue price, first payment date or interest accruing
prior to such first payment date); provided that if any such Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes shall have a separate CUSIP number; provided, further, that the Companys
ability to issue Additional Notes shall be subject to the Companys compliance with Section 4.09 hereof.

(d)Euroclear
and Clearstream Applicable Procedures. The provisions of the Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System and Terms
and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the General Terms and Conditions of Clearstream Banking and Customer
Handbook of Clearstream shall be applicable to transfers of beneficial interests in the the Regulation S Global Notes that are
held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream and such provisions shall supersede the provisions in Section 2.06 hereof
to the extent that they conflict with such provisions, with respect to such transfers.

-38-

SECTION 2.02. Execution
and Authentication. At least one Officer of the Company shall execute the Notes on behalf of the Company by manual or facsimile signature.

If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no
longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note shall nevertheless be valid.

A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under
this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, as the
case may be, by the manual signature of the Trustee. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Note has been duly authenticated
and delivered under this Indenture.

On the Issue Date, the Trustee shall, upon receipt
of a Company Order to authenticate (an Authentication Order) the Initial Notes, authenticate and deliver the Initial
Notes. In addition, at any time, from time to time, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a Board Resolution and an Authentication Order,
authenticate and deliver any Additional Notes for an aggregate principal amount specified in such Authentication Order for such Additional
Notes issued hereunder. Such Authentication Order shall specify the amount of the Notes to be authenticated and, in case of any issuance
of Additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof, shall certify that such issuance is in compliance with Section 4.09 hereof.

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent
acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes. An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each
reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same
rights as an Agent to deal with Holders or an Affiliate of the Company.

SECTION 2.03. Registrar
and Paying Agent. The Company shall (a) maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer
or for exchange (Registrar) and (b) an office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (Paying
Agent). The Registrar shall keep a register of the Notes (Note Register) and of their transfer and exchange.
The registered Holder of a Note shall be treated as the owner of the Note for all purposes. The Company may appoint one or more co-registrars
and one or more additional paying agents. The term Registrar includes any co-registrar and the term Paying Agent
includes any additional paying agent. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without prior notice to any Holder. The Company
shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Company fails to appoint
or maintain another entity as Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act
as Paying Agent or Registrar.

The Company initially appoints The Depository
Trust Company (DTC) to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes representing the Notes.

The Company initially appoints the Trustee to
act as the Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes and to act as Custodian with respect to the Global Notes.

SECTION 2.04. Paying
Agent to Hold Money in Trust. The Company shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying
Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal,
premium, if any, and interest on the Notes, and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment.
While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it with respect to the Notes to the
Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it with respect to the Notes to the Trustee. Upon
payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or a Subsidiary) shall have no further liability for the money.
If the Company or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders
all money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Company, the Trustee shall serve
as Paying Agent for the Notes.

-39-

SECTION 2.05. Holder
Lists. The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names
and addresses of all Holders. If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee at least five Business Days
before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date
as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes.

SECTION 2.06. Transfer
and Exchange.

(a)Transfer
and Exchange of Global Notes. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 2.06, a Global Note may be transferred, in whole
and not in part, only to another nominee of the Depositary or to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. A
beneficial interest in a Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note unless (i) the Depositary (x) notifies the
Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Note or (y) has ceased to be a clearing agency
registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company within 90 days after the
date of such notice from the Depositary, (ii) subject to the procedures of the Depositary, the Company, at its option, notifies
the Trustee in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of the Definitive Notes, (iii) there shall have occurred and be continuing
a Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, or (iv) upon prior written notice given to the Trustee by or on behalf
of the Depositary in accordance with this Indenture. Upon the occurrence of any of the preceding events in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or
(iv), Definitive Notes delivered in exchange for any Global Note or beneficial interests in Global Notes will be registered in the names,
and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the Depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures) and
will bear the applicable restricted legends required pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof and this Section 2.06. Global Notes also
may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof. Every Note authenticated and delivered
in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Sections 2.07 or 2.10 hereof,
shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, except for Definitive Notes issued subsequent to any
of the preceding events in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) and pursuant to Section 2.06(c) hereof. A Global Note
may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06; provided, however, that beneficial
interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.06(b) or (c) hereof.

(b)Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall
be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Beneficial interests
in the Restricted Global Notes shall be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent required
by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also shall require compliance with either subparagraph (i) or
(ii) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

-40-

(i)Transfer
of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons
who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions
set forth in the Private Placement Legend. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect
the transfers described in this Section 2.06(b)(i).

(ii)All
Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial
interests that are not subject to Section 2.06(b)(i) hereof, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the
Registrar either (A) (1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance
with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note
in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or (B) (1) a written
order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the
Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions
given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered
to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above. Upon satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange
of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the
Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to Section 2.06(i) hereof.

(iii)Transfer
of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the transfer complies
with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof and the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if
the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; or

(B)if
the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note, then the transferor must deliver
a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof.

(iv)Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note. A beneficial
interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note
or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note if the exchange
or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof and the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if
the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a beneficial interest
in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications
in item (1)(a) thereof; or

(2)if
the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who shall
take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form
of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

-41-

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (iv), if the
Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar
to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained
herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

If any such transfer is effected pursuant
to subparagraph (iv) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall issue and, upon
receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted
Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests transferred pursuant to
subparagraph (iv) above.

Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global
Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted
Global Note.

(c)Transfer
or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive Notes.

Beneficial
Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted
Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to
a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then, upon the occurrence of any of the events in clauses
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation:

if the holder of such beneficial interest
in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof;

if such beneficial interest is being transferred
to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications
in item (1) thereof;

if such beneficial interest is being transferred
to a Non U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate substantially in the
form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

if such beneficial interest is being transferred
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof;

if such beneficial interest is being transferred
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications
in item (3)(b) thereof; or

if such beneficial interest is being transferred
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto,
including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof,

-42-

the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable
Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Company shall execute and the Trustee, upon
receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate and mail to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the
applicable principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to
this Section 2.06(c) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the
holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect
Participant. The Trustee shall mail such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive
Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(i) shall bear
the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained herein and therein.

[Reserved].

Beneficial
Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who
takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only upon the occurrence of any of the events in clauses (i), (ii),
(iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and if the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if
the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted
Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item
(1)(b) thereof; or

(2)if
the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who shall
take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B
hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each case set forth in this subparagraph (iii), if the Registrar
so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect
that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in
the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

Beneficial
Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted
Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, then, upon the occurrence of any of the events
in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof,
the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Unrestricted Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant
to Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Company shall execute and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate
and mail to the Person designated in the instructions an Unrestricted Definitive Note in the applicable principal amount. Any Unrestricted
Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(iv) shall be registered in such
name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar
through instructions from or through the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall mail such Unrestricted
Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Unrestricted Definitive Note issued in exchange for
a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(iv) shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.

-43-

(d)Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests.

Restricted
Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes. If any Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note proposes
to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person
who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the
following documentation:

if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive
Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially
in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(b) thereof;

if such Restricted Definitive Note is
being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including
the certifications in item (1) thereof;

if such Restricted Definitive Note is
being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

if such Restricted Definitive Note is
being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144,
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; or

if such Restricted Definitive Note is
being transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including
the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof,

the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Note and increase
or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case of clause (A) above, the applicable Restricted Global Note,
in the case of clause (B) above, the applicable 144A Global Note, and in the case of clause (C) above, the applicable Regulation
S Global Note.

Restricted
Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note may exchange
such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes
delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note only if the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if
the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note,
a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof;
or

(2)if
the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form
of a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B
hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

-44-

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (ii) if
the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar
to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained
herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

Upon satisfaction of the conditions in this Section 2.06(d)(ii),
the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Notes and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the
Unrestricted Global Note.

Unrestricted
Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of an Unrestricted Definitive Note may exchange
such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Unrestricted Definitive Notes to a Person who takes
delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such
an exchange or transfer, the Trustee shall cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the
aggregate principal amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes.

If any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive
Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to subparagraph (d)(ii) or (d)(iii) above at a time when an Unrestricted
Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02
hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal
amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

(e)Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance
with this Section 2.06(e), the Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration
of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied
by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized
in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable,
required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.06(e):

(i)Restricted
Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred to and registered in the name
of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if
the transfer will be made pursuant to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(B)if
the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904 then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B
hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; or

(C)if
the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, then the transferor
must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications required by item (3) thereof, if applicable.

-45-

(ii)Restricted
Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an Unrestricted
Definitive Note or transferred to a Person or Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if the
Registrar receives the following:

(1)if
the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from
such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or

(2)if
the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form
of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the
certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (ii), if the
Registrar so requests, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer
is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are
no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

(iii)Unrestricted
Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a Person
who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the
Registrar shall register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Legends.
The following legends shall appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this Indenture unless specifically
stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture:

(i)Private
Placement Legend.

Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below,
each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in
substantially the following form:

THE NOTES EVIDENCED HEREBY AND
THE RELATED GUARANTEES, IF ANY, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A)(1) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OR (5) TO WALKER & DUNLOP, INC. OR A SUBSIDIARY OF WALKER & DUNLOP, INC. AND (B) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES, AND ANY SELLER AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH
PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.

-46-

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global
Note or Definitive Note issued pursuant to subparagraph (b)(iv), (c)(iii), (c)(iv), (d)(ii), (d)(iii), (e)(ii) or (e)(iii) of
this Section 2.06 (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.

(ii)Global
Note Legend. Each Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (with appropriate changes in the last sentence
if DTC is not the Depositary):

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE
DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF.
UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT
AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF
THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS
CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC)
TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF
CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE &
CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR
VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

(iii)[Reserved].

(iv)OID
Legend. Each Note issued hereunder that has more than a de minimis amount of original issue discount for U.S. federal income
tax purposes shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS
NOTE IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 1271 ET SEQ. OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.
A HOLDER MAY OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY FOR SUCH NOTE BY SUBMITTING
A REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO WALKER & DUNLOP, INC., 7272 WISCONSIN AVENUE, SUITE 1300, BETHESDA, MARYLAND 20814,
ATTENTION: ISSA M. BANNOURAH.

(v)Applicable
Procedures for Delegending. After one year has elapsed following (1) the Issue Date or (2) if the Company has issued any
Additional Notes with the same terms and the same CUSIP number as the Notes within one year following the Issue Date, the date of original
issuance of such Additional Notes, if the Notes are freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act by Holders who
are not Affiliates of the Company where no conditions of Rule 144 are then applicable (other than the holding period requirement
in paragraph (d)(1)(ii) of Rule 144 so long as such holding period requirement is satisfied), the Company shall, at its option:

-47-

(A)instruct
the Trustee in writing to remove the Private Placement Legend from the Notes by delivering to the Trustee a certificate in the form of
Exhibit E hereto, and upon such instruction the Private Placement Legend shall be deemed removed from any Global Notes representing
such Notes without further action on the part of Holders;

(B)notify
Holders of the Notes that the Private Placement Legend has been removed or deemed removed; and

(C)instruct
DTC to change the CUSIP number for the Notes to the unrestricted CUSIP number for the Notes.

In no event will the failure of the
Company to provide any notice set forth in this paragraph or of the Trustee to remove the Private Placement Legend constitute a failure
by the Company or Trustee to comply with any of its covenants or agreements set forth in this Indenture. Any Restricted Note (or security
issued in exchange or substitution therefor) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms
shall, upon the Trustees receipt of the certificate required by clause (A) above and surrender of such Restricted Note for
exchange to the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of Article 2 of this Indenture, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes,
of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.

Notwithstanding any provision herein
to the contrary, in the event that Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule) is amended to change
the one-year holding period thereunder (or the corresponding period under any successor rule), (1) each reference in this Section 2.06(g)(v) to
one year shall be deemed for all purposes hereof to be references to such changed period, and (2) all corresponding
references in the Notes shall be deemed for all purposes hereof to be references to such changed period; provided, that such changes
shall not become effective if they are otherwise prohibited by, or would otherwise cause a violation of, the then applicable federal
securities laws. This Section 2.06(g)(v) shall apply to successive amendments to Rule 144 (or any successor rule) changing
the holding period thereunder.

(h)Cancellation
and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive
Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be
returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 hereof. At any time prior to such cancellation,
if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of
a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall
be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased accordingly and an endorsement
shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

-48-

(i)General
Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges,
the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order
in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof or at the Registrars request.

No service charge shall be made to a holder of a
beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company
may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other
than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.07, 2.10, 3.06,
3.09, 4.10, 4.14 and 9.04 hereof).

Neither the Registrar nor the Company shall be required
to register the transfer of or exchange any Note selected for redemption or tendered for repurchase pursuant to a Change of Control Offer
or Asset Sale Offer in whole or in part, except the portion of any Note being redeemed or repurchased in part that is not redeemed or
repurchased.

All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon
any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing
the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such
registration of transfer or exchange.

The Company shall not be required (A) to issue,
to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of delivery
of a notice of redemption of Notes under Section 3.02 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day of such delivery, (B) to
register the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption or tendered (and not validly withdrawn) for purchase in connection
with a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Sale Offer, in each case in whole or in part, except the unredeemed or unpurchased portion
of any Note being redeemed or purchased in part or (C) to register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a Record Date and
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

Prior to due presentment for the registration of
a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as
the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such Notes and
for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any
Note at the office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02 hereof, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee
shall authenticate and mail, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more replacement Notes of any authorized
denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount.

At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged
for other Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount upon surrender of the Notes to be
exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Global Notes or Definitive Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall
execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail, the replacement Global Notes and Definitive Notes which the Holder making the exchange
is entitled to in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof.

-49-

All certifications, certificates and Opinions of
Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange
may be submitted by electronic transmission.

The Trustee (in each of its capacities hereunder,
including without limitation as Registrar) shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any
restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note
(including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note) other than to
require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly
required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements
hereof.

The Trustee (in each of its capacities hereunder,
including without limitation as Registrar) shall have no responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.

SECTION 2.07. Replacement
Notes. If any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, the Registrar or the Company and the Trustee receives evidence to its
satisfaction of the ownership and destruction, loss or theft of any Note, the Company shall issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an
Authentication Order, shall authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustees requirements are met. If required by the Trustee or
the Company, any indemnity bond must be supplied by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Company to protect
the Company, the Trustee, any Agent and any authenticating agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The
Company and the Trustee may charge the Holder for their expenses in replacing a Note.

Every replacement Note is a contractual obligation
of the Company and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with all other Notes duly issued
hereunder.

SECTION 2.08. Outstanding
Notes. The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered
to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof,
and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease
to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Note.

If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.07
hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Note is held by a bona fide
purchaser.

If the principal amount of any Note is considered
paid under Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it ceases to accrue.

If the Paying Agent (other than the Company, a
Subsidiary or an Affiliate of any thereof) holds, on a redemption date or maturity date, money sufficient to pay Notes payable on that
date, then on and after that date such Notes shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding and shall cease to accrue interest.

SECTION 2.09. Treasury
Notes. In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent,
Notes owned by the Company, or by any Affiliate of the Company, shall be considered as though not outstanding, except that for the purposes
of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith shall
not be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to deliver any such direction,
waiver or consent with respect to the Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Guarantor, if any, or any Affiliate of the Company
or a Guarantor, if any.

-50-

SECTION 2.10. Temporary
Notes. Until certificates representing Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an
Authentication Order, shall authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but
may have variations that the Company consider appropriate for temporary Notes and as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Without
unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate Definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.

Holders and beneficial holders, as the case may
be, of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of the benefits accorded to Holders, or beneficial holders, respectively, of Notes under
this Indenture.

SECTION 2.11. Cancellation.
The Company at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee
any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee or, at the direction of the Trustee, the
Registrar or the Paying Agent and no one else shall cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement
or cancellation and shall dispose of such cancelled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures. The Company may not issue new
Notes to replace Notes that they have paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.

SECTION 2.12. CUSIP
and ISIN Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers and/or ISIN numbers (if then generally in use) and, if so,
the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers and/or ISIN numbers in notices of redemption, Change of Control Offers and Asset Sale Offers as a
convenience to Holders; provided, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such
numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any such notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption or repurchase pursuant to a Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer shall not
be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company shall as promptly as practicable notify the Trustee in writing
of any change in the CUSIP number and ISIN numbers.

ARTICLE 3

REDEMPTION

SECTION 3.01. Notices
to Trustee.

(a)If
the Company elects to redeem Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, it shall furnish to the Trustee, at least five Business Days
before notice of redemption is required to be given or caused to be given to Holders pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof (unless a shorter
notice shall be agreed to by the Trustee), an Officers Certificate from the Company setting forth (i) the paragraph or subparagraph
of such Note and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur, (ii) the redemption date, (iii) the
principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (iv) the redemption price.

(b)Except
as otherwise provided in this Indenture or the Notes, any redemption notice may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one
or more conditions precedent, including completion of an Equity Offering or other corporate transaction. If such redemption is subject
to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, in the Companys discretion and as set forth in an Officers Certificate
delivered to the Trustee, the redemption date may be delayed (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was
mailed or delivered in accordance with DTCs standard procedures) until as any or all such conditions shall have been satisfied
or waived or the redemption may be rescinded in the event any such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the original
redemption date or by the redemption date as so delayed.

-51-

(c)The
Trustee shall not be liable for any actions taken or not taken by DTC or any other Depositary.

SECTION 3.02. Selection
of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed or purchased in an offer to purchase at any
time, the Company shall select the Notes to be redeemed or purchased on a pro rata basis, by lot or by such other method; provided
that if the Notes are in global form, interest in such global notes will be selected for redemption or purchase by DTC in accordance
with its standard procedures (with such adjustments as may be appropriate so that only Notes in minimum denominations of $2,000, or integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000, shall be redeemed or purchased). In the event of partial redemption or purchase by lot, the
particular Notes to be redeemed or purchased shall be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days
prior to the redemption date by the Company or DTC, as applicable, from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption or
purchase. If a partial redemption is made with the proceeds of an Equity Offering, the Company shall select the Notes on a pro rata
basis, by lot, or by such other method; provided that if the Notes are in global form, interest in such global notes will
be selected for redemption by DTC in accordance with its standard procedures (with such adjustments as may be appropriate so that only
Notes in minimum denominations of $2,000, or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000, shall be redeemed).

The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee
in writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption or purchase,
the principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased. Notes and portions of Notes selected shall be in minimum amounts of $2,000
or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000; no Notes of $2,000 or less may be redeemed or purchased in part, except that if all
of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder, even if not $2,000
or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, shall be redeemed or purchased. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of
this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption or purchase also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase.

SECTION 3.03. Notice
of Redemption. Subject to Section 3.09 hereof, the Company shall mail or cause to be mailed by first-class mail (or, in the
case of Global Notes, in accordance with the Applicable Procedures) notices of redemption at least 10 days but not more than 60 days
before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at such Holders registered address, with a copy to the Trustee.

The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed
(including CUSIP number(s)) and shall state:

the redemption date;

the redemption price;

-52-

if any Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date upon surrender of such
Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note representing the same indebtedness
to the extent not redeemed will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Notes upon cancellation of the original Note;

the name and address of the Paying Agent;

that Notes called for redemption must
be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price;

that, unless the Company defaults in making
such redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the redemption date;

the Section of this Indenture pursuant
to which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed;

that no representation is made as to the
correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number and ISIN number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Notes; and

if in connection with a redemption pursuant
to Section 3.01(b) or 3.07(b) hereof, any condition to such redemption.

At the Companys request, the Trustee shall
give the notice of redemption in the Companys name and at its expense; provided that the Company shall have delivered to
the Trustee, at least five Business Days before notice of redemption is required to be mailed or caused to be mailed to Holders pursuant
to this Section 3.03 (unless a shorter notice shall be agreed to by the Trustee), an Officers Certificate of the Company
requesting that the Trustee give such notice and attaching a copy of the notice to be delivered to each Holder of Notes.

SECTION 3.04. Effect
of Notice of Redemption. Once notice of redemption is given in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, Notes called for redemption
become irrevocably due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price (except as provided for in Section 3.01(b) or
Section 3.07(b) hereof). The notice, if given in a manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given,
whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or any defect in the notice to the Holder
of any Note designated for redemption in whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any
other Note. Subject to Section 3.05 hereof, on and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of
Notes called for redemption, as long as the Company has deposited with the Paying Agent funds in satisfaction of the applicable redemption
price.

SECTION 3.05. Deposit
of Redemption or Purchase Price. Prior to noon (New York City time) on the redemption or purchase date, the Company shall deposit
with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption or purchase price of and accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to, but excluding, such date, on all Notes to be redeemed or purchased on that date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall promptly
return to the Company any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the amounts necessary to pay
the redemption or purchase price of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all Notes to be redeemed or purchased.

-53-

If the Company complies with the provisions of
the preceding paragraph, on and after the redemption or purchase date, interest shall cease to accrue on the Notes or the portions of
Notes called for redemption or purchase. If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after a Record Date but on or prior to the related
Interest Payment Date, then any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption or purchase date shall be paid to the Person
in whose name such Note was registered at the close of business on such Record Date. If any Note called for redemption or purchase shall
not be so paid upon surrender for redemption or purchase because of the failure of the Company to comply with the preceding paragraph,
interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent
lawful on any interest accrued to the redemption or purchase date not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided
in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof.

SECTION 3.06. Notes
Redeemed or Purchased in Part. Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed or purchased in part, the Company shall issue and the Trustee
shall authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Company a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed or unpurchased
portion of the Note surrendered representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed or purchased; provided that each
new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000.

SECTION 3.07. Optional
Redemption.

(a)At
any time prior to April 1, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, at a redemption
price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus the Applicable Premium for the Notes, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes redeemed, to, but excluding, the applicable date of redemption (subject to the rights of Holders
of Notes on the relevant regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date that is on or prior to the
applicable date of redemption).

(b)At
any time, or from time to time, on or prior to April 1, 2028, the Company may, at its option, use the net cash proceeds of one or
more Equity Offerings to redeem up to 40.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued at a redemption price equal to 106.625%
of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption (subject
to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date that
is on or prior to the applicable date of redemption); provided that:

(i)at
least 60.0% of the principal amount of all Notes issued under this Indenture remains outstanding immediately after any such redemption;
and

(ii)the
Company makes such redemption not more than 120 days after the consummation of any such Equity Offering.

Notice of any redemption with the net cash proceeds of any Equity
Offering may be given prior to the completion thereof, and any such redemption or notice may, at the Companys discretion, be subject
to one or more conditions precedent, including completion of the relevant Equity Offering or other corporate transactions.

-54-

(c)On
or after April 1, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, at the redemption prices
(expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes redeemed to, but
excluding, the applicable date of redemption, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on April 1 of the years indicated
below (subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest
Payment Date that is on or prior to the applicable date of redemption):

Year Percentage 

2028 103.313 %

2029 101.656 %

2030
and thereafter 100.000 %

(d)Any
redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.

(e)In
addition to the Companys rights to redeem Notes pursuant to Sections 3.07(a), (b) and (c) hereof, the Company may at
any time and from time to time purchase Notes in open-market transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, negotiated transactions or
otherwise.

SECTION 3.08. Mandatory
Redemption. The Company shall not be required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. The
Company may acquire the Notes by means other than a redemption, whether by tender offer, exchange offer, open-market purchases, negotiated
transactions or otherwise.

SECTION 3.09. Offers
to Repurchase by Application of Excess Proceeds.

(a)In
the event that, pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof, the Company shall be required to commence an Asset Sale Offer, it shall follow
the procedures specified below.

(b)The
Asset Sale Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 Business Days following its commencement and no longer, except to the extent that
a longer period is required by applicable law (the Offer Period). Promptly after the termination of the Offer Period
(the Purchase Date), the Company shall apply all Excess Proceeds (the Offer Amount) to the
purchase of Notes and Pari Passu Debt, as provided in Section 4.10 hereof. Payment for any Notes so purchased shall be made in the
same manner as interest payments are made.

(c)If
the Purchase Date is on or after a Record Date and on or before the related Interest Payment Date, any accrued and unpaid interest up
to but excluding the Purchase Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such Record
Date, and no additional interest shall be payable to Holders who tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer.

(d)Upon
the commencement of an Asset Sale Offer, the Company shall send, by first-class mail, a notice to each of the Holders, with a copy to
the Trustee, or otherwise in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. The notice shall contain all instructions and materials necessary
to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer. The Asset Sale Offer shall be made to all Holders and holders
of Pari Passu Debt. The notice, which shall govern the terms of the Asset Sale Offer, shall state:

(i)that
an Asset Sale Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 3.09 and Section 4.10 hereof and the length of time the Asset Sale
Offer shall remain open (which shall be for a period of 20 Business Days following its commencement, except to the extent that a longer
period is required by applicable law);

(ii)the
Offer Amount, the purchase price and the Purchase Date;

(iii)that
any Note not tendered or accepted for payment shall continue to accrue interest;

-55-

(iv)that,
unless the Company defaults in making such payment, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer shall cease to accrue
interest on and after the Purchase Date;

(v)that
Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer may elect to have Notes purchased in a minimum denomination
of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000;

(vi)that
Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer shall be required to surrender the Note, with the form titled
Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of the Note which is attached as Exhibit A hereto, completed, to
the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice (or transfer by book-entry transfer to the Depositary, as applicable) prior to
the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Purchase Date;

(vii)that
Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their tendered Notes and their election, if any, to require the Company to purchase such Notes;
provided that the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business on the last day of the Offer Period, a facsimile
transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder of the Notes, the principal amount of the Notes tendered for purchase and
a statement that such Holder is withdrawing its tendered Notes and its election to have such Note purchased;

(viii)that,
if the aggregate principal amount of Notes and Pari Passu Debt surrendered by the holders thereof exceeds the Offer Amount, the Company
will determine the amount of the Notes and such Pari Passu Debt to be purchased on a pro rata basis or as nearly a pro rata
basis as is practicable (subject to the Applicable Procedures), and the Company will select the Notes to be purchased on a pro
rata basis, by lot or by such other method; provided that if the Notes are in global form, interest in such global notes will
be selected for purchase by DTC in accordance with its standard procedures (with such adjustments as may be appropriate so that only
Notes in minimum denominations of $2,000, or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000, shall be purchased);

(ix)that
Holders whose certificated Notes were purchased only in part shall be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion
of the Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry transfer) representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased; and

(x)any
other instructions, as determined by the Company, consistent with this 3.09 and Section 4.10 hereof, that a Holder must follow.

(e)On
or before the Purchase Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful, (i) accept for payment, on a pro rata basis as described
in clause (d)(viii) of this Section 3.09, the Offer Amount of Notes and, if required, Pari Passu Debt or portions thereof validly
tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer, or if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes and Pari Passu Debt tendered
and (ii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate
of the Company stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions thereof so tendered.

(f)The
Company, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly mail or deliver to each tendering Holder an amount equal
to the purchase price of the Notes properly tendered by such Holder and accepted by the Company for purchase, and the Company shall promptly
issue a new Note, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred
by book-entry) such new Note to such Holder in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered representing
the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased; provided, that each such new Note shall be in a minimum principal amount
of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, in excess of $2,000. Any Note not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the
Company to the Holder thereof. The Company shall publicly announce the results of the Asset Sale Offer on or as soon as practicable after
the Purchase Date.

-56-

(g)Prior
to noon New York City time on the Purchase Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent, money sufficient
to pay the purchase price of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, such Purchase Date on all Notes to be purchased
on that Purchase Date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Trustee or the
Paying Agent, as applicable, by the Company in excess of the amount necessary to pay the purchase price of, and accrued and unpaid interest
on, all Notes to be purchased.

(h)Other
than as specifically provided in this Section 3.09 or Section 4.10 hereof, any purchase pursuant to this Section 3.09
shall be made pursuant to the applicable provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.

ARTICLE 4

COVENANTS

SECTION 4.01. Payment
of Notes. The Company shall pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the dates and
in the manner provided in the Notes; provided that, all payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to the
Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name or held by DTC or its nominee will be made in accordance with DTCs
applicable procedures. Principal, premium, if any, and interest shall be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other
than the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, holds as of noon (New York City time) on the due date money deposited by the Company
in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due. If an
Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that
is a Business Day, and no interest on such payment will accrue in respect of the delay.

The Company shall pay interest (including post-petition
interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the rate equal to the then applicable interest rate on the
Notes to the extent lawful. The Company shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law)
on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful.

SECTION 4.02. Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Company shall maintain in the United States an office or agency (which may be an office of the Trustee or
an affiliate of the Trustee, Registrar or co-registrar) required under Section 2.03 hereof where Notes may be surrendered for registration
of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served.
The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency.
If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address
thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands (but not service of process) may be made at the Corporate Trust Office of
the Trustee.

The Company may also from time to time designate
one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time
to time rescind such designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of
its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the United States for such purposes. The Company shall give prompt written notice to
the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

-57-

The Company hereby designates the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee as one such office or agency of the Company in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof.

SECTION 4.03. Reports
and Other Information.

(a)Notwithstanding
that the Company may not be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or otherwise report
on an annual and quarterly basis on forms provided for such annual and quarterly reporting pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated
by the SEC, the Company will furnish to the Trustee

(i)within
15 days after the time period specified in the SECs rules and regulations for non-accelerated filers, annual reports for
such fiscal year containing the information that would have been required to be contained in an Annual Report on Form 10-K (or any
successor or comparable form) if the Company had been a reporting company under the Exchange Act, except to the extent permitted to be
excluded by the SEC;

(ii)within
15 days after the time period specified in the SECs rules and regulations for non-accelerated filers, quarterly reports for
such fiscal quarter containing the information that would have been required to be contained in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(or any successor or comparable form) if the Company had been a reporting company under the Exchange Act, except to the extent permitted
to be excluded by the SEC; and

(iii)within
15 days after the time period specified in the SECs rules and regulations for filing Current Reports on Form 8-K, current
reports containing substantially all of the information that would be required to be filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K under
the Exchange Act on the Issue Date pursuant to Items 1, 2 and 4, Items 5.01, 5.02(a)-(c) (other than compensation information)
and Item 9.01 (only to the extent relating to any of the foregoing) of Form 8-K if the Company had been a reporting company under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that no such current reports (or Items thereof or all or a portion of the financial statements that
would have otherwise been required thereby) will be required to be provided (or included) if the Company determines in its good faith
judgment that such event (or information) is not material to holders or the business, assets, operations, financial position or prospects
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or if the Company determines in its good faith judgment that such disclosure would
otherwise cause competitive harm to the business, assets, operations, financial position or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole (in which event such nondisclosure shall be limited only to specific provisions that would cause material harm and not
the occurrence of the event itself).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) such reports
shall not be required to comply with Section 302, Section 404 or Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
or related Items 307, 308 and 308T of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, or Item 10(e), Item 402 and Item 601 of Regulation
S-K and information regarding executive compensation and related party disclosure related to SEC Release Nos. 33-8732A and 34-54302A,
(b) such reports shall not be required to comply with Rule 3-09, Rule 3-10, Rule 3-16, Rule 13-01 or Rule 13-02
of Regulation S-X, (c) such reports shall not be required to comply with any conflict minerals rules of the SEC or similar
rules and regulations of any other government agency, (d) such reports shall not be required to include financial statements
in interactive data format using the eXtensible Business Reporting Language and such reports shall be subject to exceptions, exclusions
and other differences consistent with the presentation of financial and other information in this offering memorandum and shall not be
required to present compensation or beneficial ownership information

-58-

(b)In
addition, the Company will, for so long as any Notes remain outstanding, use its commercially reasonable efforts to hold and participate
in quarterly conference calls with the holders of the Notes, beneficial owners of the Notes, bona fide prospective investors, securities
analysts and market makers to discuss such financial information no later than 10 Business Days after distribution of such financial
information required by clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 4.03(a). If the Company holds a publicly accessible quarterly
conference call with its investors, it shall be deemed to satisfy the obligation of the foregoing sentence.

(c)For
the avoidance of doubt, if the Company files with or furnishes to the SEC (a) an Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to
a fiscal year that complies in all material respects with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding such filing, then such
filing shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of clause (i) of Section 4.03(a) with respect to the relevant fiscal
year; (b) a quarterly report on Form 10-Q with respect to a fiscal quarter that complies in all material respects with the
rules and regulations of the SEC regarding such filing, then such filing shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of clause (ii) of
Section 4.03(a) with respect to the relevant fiscal quarter; and (c) a current report on Form 8-K with respect to
any of the events described in clause (iii) of Section 4.03(a) that complies in all material respects with the rules and
regulations of the SEC regarding such filing, then such filing shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of clause (iii) of Section 4.03(a) with
respect to such event.

(d)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company will be deemed to have delivered such reports and information referred to above to the holders, prospective
investors, market makers, securities analysts and the trustee for all purposes of this Indenture if the Company has filed such reports
with the SEC via the EDGAR filing system (or any successor system) and such reports are publicly available. In addition, the requirements
of this covenant will be deemed satisfied and the Company will be deemed to have delivered such reports and information referred to above
to the trustee for all purposes of this Indenture by the posting of reports and information that would be required to be provided on
the Companys website.

(e)In
addition, the Company agrees that, for so long as any Notes remain outstanding, during a period in which the Company is not subject to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or otherwise permitted to furnish the SEC with certain information pursuant
to Rule 12g3-2(b) of the Exchange Act, it will furnish to the holders of Notes, beneficial owners of the Notes, bona fide prospective
investors, securities analysts and market makers, upon their request, any information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under
the Securities Act.

(f)Any
and all Defaults or Events of Default arising from a failure to furnish or file in a timely manner a report or other information or conduct
a conference call required by this Section 4.03 shall be deemed cured (and the Company shall be deemed to be in compliance with
this Section 4.03) upon furnishing or filing such report or other information or conducting a conference call as contemplated by
this Section 4.03 (but without regard to the date on which such report or other information is so furnished or filed); provided
that such cure shall not otherwise affect the rights of Holders under Article 6 if payment of any Notes has been accelerated
in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such acceleration has not been rescinded or cancelled prior to such cure.

-59-

(g)Delivery
of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt thereof
shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including
the Companys, any Guarantors or any other Persons compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture or the
Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates). The Trustee shall not be obligated to
monitor, examine or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the Companys, any Guarantors or any other Persons
compliance with this Section 4.03 or with respect to any reports or other documents filed under this Indenture. The Trustee shall
have no obligation whatsoever to determine whether reports and information have been posted.

SECTION 4.04. Compliance
Certificate.

(a)The
Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the Issue Date, a certificate from
an Officer of the Company stating that a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year
has been made under the supervision of the signing Officer with a view to determining whether the Company and its Subsidiaries have kept,
observed, performed and fulfilled their obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to such Officer signing such certificate,
that to the best of his or her knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries have kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every
condition and covenant contained in this Indenture and are not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions,
covenants and conditions of this Indenture (or, if a Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults of which he or she may
have knowledge and what action the Company and its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take with respect thereto).

(b)When
any Default has occurred and is continuing under this Indenture, or if the Trustee or the holder of any other evidence of Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company gives any notice or takes any other action with respect to a claimed Default, the Company
shall, within five Business Days after becoming aware of such Default (provided that such Officers shall provide such certification at
least annually whether or not they know of any Default), deliver written notice to the Trustee and notice to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
specifying such event and what action the Company proposes to take with respect thereto.

SECTION 4.05. Taxes.
The Company shall pay, and shall cause their Subsidiaries to pay, prior to delinquency, all material taxes, assessments, and governmental
levies except such as are contested in good faith and by appropriate negotiations or proceedings or where the failure to effect such
payment is not adverse in any material respect to the Holders of the Notes.

SECTION 4.06. Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws. Each of the Company and any other Guarantor covenants (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) that
they shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension
or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture;
and each of the Company and any other Guarantor (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage
of any such law, and covenants that they shall not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein
granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

SECTION 4.07. Limitation
on Restricted Payments.

(a)The
Company shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiaries) to, directly or indirectly:

(i)declare
or pay any dividend or make any distribution (other than dividends or distributions payable in Qualified Capital Stock of the Company
or dividends or distributions by a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) so long as, in the case of any dividend or distribution
payable on, or in respect of, any class or series of securities issued by a Subsidiary other than a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, the Company
or a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend or distribution in accordance
with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities) on or in respect of shares of the Companys Capital Stock to holders
of such Capital Stock;

-60-

(ii)purchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Capital Stock of the Company or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire
shares of any class of such Capital Stock (other than in exchange for Qualified Capital Stock of the Company) held by Persons other than
the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiary);

(iii)make
any principal payment on, purchase, defease, redeem, prepay, decrease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, prior to any scheduled
final maturity, scheduled repayment or scheduled sinking fund payment, any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness
owed by the Company or any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company to another Subsidiary of the Company or the
Company, or any such payment on Indebtedness due within one year of the date of purchase, defeasance, redemption, prepayment, decrease
or other acquisition or retirement); or

(iv)make
any Restricted Investment,

if, at the time of such action (each such payment and other actions
set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 4.07(a) being collectively referred to as a Restricted
Payment), or immediately after giving effect thereto:

a Default or an Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing; or

immediately after giving effect thereto
on a Pro Forma Basis, the Company is not able to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the ratio of Consolidated
Net Leverage Ratio test set forth in Section 4.09(b); or

the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments
(including such proposed Restricted Payment) made subsequent to the Issue Date (the amount expended for such purposes, if other than
in cash, being the Fair Market Value of such property) shall exceed the sum of:

(1)50.0%
of the cumulative amount of Consolidated Corporate Net Income of the Company for the period (taken as one accounting period) from January 1,
2025 to the end of the Companys most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available at the
time of such Restricted Payment (provided that in no event shall such amount be less than zero); plus

(2)100.0%
of the aggregate net cash proceeds and the Fair Market Value of marketable securities or other property received by the Company from
any Person after the Issue Date including:

(x)any
contribution to its common equity capital or from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Company (other than Disqualified Capital
Stock); and

-61-

(y)the
issuance or sale of convertible or exchangeable Disqualified Capital Stock or convertible or exchangeable debt securities of the Company
that have been converted into or exchanged for such Equity Interests (other than Equity Interests (or Disqualified Capital Stock or debt
securities) sold to a Subsidiary of the Company); plus

(3)to
the extent that any Restricted Investment that was made after the Issue Date is sold for cash or otherwise liquidated or repaid for cash,
the lesser of (x) the cash return of capital with respect to such Restricted Investment (less the cost of disposition, if any),
and (y) the initial amount of such Restricted Investment; plus

(4)to
the extent that any Excluded Subsidiary of the Company is designated as a Subsidiary of the Company (or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated
with or into, or otherwise transfers or conveys assets to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) after the Issue Date, the Fair Market
Value of the Companys Investment in such Subsidiary as of the date of such designation or transaction; plus

(5)the
greater of (x) $85.0 million and (y) 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended LTM Period; plus

(6)$285.0
million.

(b)Section 4.07(a) hereof
shall not prohibit:

(i)the
payment of any dividend or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration of such dividend
or notice of such redemption if the dividend or payment of the redemption price, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the
date of declaration or notice under this Indenture;

(ii)so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Company and the Guarantors may pay dividends
in shares of their own Qualified Capital Stock;

(iii)the
purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of Subordinated Indebtedness (including the
acquisition of any shares of Disqualified Capital Stock of the Company) in exchange for, or out of the net cash proceeds from a substantially
concurrent incurrence of Refinancing Indebtedness (with an incurrence being deemed substantially concurrent if such Restricted Payment
occurs within 60 days of such incurrence); provided, however, that such purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or
other acquisition or retirement for value shall be excluded in the calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments;

(iv)the
repurchase or redemption by the Company of its Equity Interests (x) in connection with the cashless exercise of stock
options or restricted stock awards solely to the extent that such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the exercise price thereof,
(y) that are deemed to occur upon the withholding of a portion of such Equity Interests issued to directors, officers or employees
of the Company or any Subsidiary under any stock option plan or other benefit plan or agreement for directors, officers and employees
of the Company and its Subsidiaries to cover withholding tax obligations of such Persons in respect of such issuance, or (z) in
accordance with the Companys rights or obligations under customary equity incentive plans or agreements for directors, officers
and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount with respect to this clause (z) not exceeding $50.0 million
per Fiscal Year;

-62-

(v)(A) the
repurchase of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or other convertible or exchangeable securities
to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of those stock options, warrants or other convertible or
exchangeable securities and (B) repurchases of Equity Interests or options to purchase Equity Interests deemed to occur in connection
with the exercise of stock options, warrants or other convertible or exchangeable securities to the extent necessary to pay applicable
withholding taxes;

(vi)any
payment of cash by the Company in respect of fractional shares of the Companys Capital Stock upon the exercise, conversion or
exchange of any stock options, warrants, other rights to purchase Capital Stock or other convertible or exchangeable securities;

(vii)so
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the declaration and payment of regularly scheduled or accrued
dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Capital Stock of the Company or Preferred Stock of any Subsidiary (other
than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company issued on or after the Issue Date in accordance with Section 4.09 hereof;

(viii)any
repricing or issuance of employee stock options or other awards or the adoption of bonus arrangements, in each case in connection with
the issuance of the Notes, and payments pursuant to such arrangements;

(ix)payments
and prepayments of any Subordinated Indebtedness made solely with the proceeds of Qualified Equity Interests;

(x)Restricted
Payments made with Net Proceeds from Asset Sales remaining after application thereof as required by Section 4.10 hereof (including
after the making by the Company of any Asset Sale Offer required to be made by the Company pursuant to such covenant and the purchase
of all Notes tendered therein);

(xi)upon
occurrence of a Change of Control or Asset Sale and within 60 days after the completion of the Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale
Offer pursuant to Section 4.14 or Section 4.10 hereof, as applicable (including the purchase of all Notes tendered), any purchase
or redemption of Obligations of the Company that are subordinate or junior in right of payment to the Notes required pursuant to the
terms thereof as a result of such Change of Control or Asset Sale at a purchase or redemption price not to exceed 101.0% (in the case
of a Change of Control) or 100.0% (in the case of an Asset Sale) of the outstanding principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon, if any; provided, however, that (A) at the time of such purchase or redemption, no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result therefrom) and (B) such purchase or redemption is not made, directly
or indirectly, from the proceeds of (or made in anticipation of) any issuance of Indebtedness by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company;

(xii)Restricted
Payments in an amount not to exceed $125.0 million per fiscal year; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving
effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Restricted Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing;

(xiii)additional
Restricted Payments; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Restricted
Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and
(ii) the Consolidated Corporate Leverage Ratio will not exceed 2.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and determined as of
the most recently ended LTM Period; and

-63-

(xiv)additional
Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $85.0 million and (y) and 25.0% of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA for the most recently ended LTM Period; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro
Forma Basis to such Restricted Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.

In determining the aggregate amount of Restricted
Payments made subsequent to the Issue Date in accordance with clause (C) of Section 4.07(a) hereof, amounts expended pursuant
to clauses (i) and (vii) of this Section 4.07(b) shall be included in such calculation to the extent not otherwise
permitted hereunder.

For purposes of determining compliance with this
Section 4.07, if any Investment or Restricted Payment would be permitted pursuant to one or more of the provisions described in
Section 4.07(b) and/or one or more exceptions contained in the definition of Permitted Investments, the Company
may classify all or any portion of such Investment or Restricted Payment in any manner that complies with this Section 4.07 or the
definition of Permitted Investments and may later reclassify all or any portion of any such Investment or Restricted Payment
in any manner that complies with this Section 4.07 or the definition of Permitted Investments so long as the Investment
or Restricted Payment (as so reclassified) would be permitted to be made in reliance on the applicable exceptions as of the date of such
reclassification.

SECTION 4.08. Limitation
on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries.

(a)The
Company shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to, directly or indirectly,
create or otherwise cause or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability
of any Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company to:

(i)pay
dividends or make any other distributions on or in respect of its Capital Stock to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or

(ii)make
loans or advances or to pay any Indebtedness or other obligation owed to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;

(b)Section 4.08(a) hereof
shall not apply to encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of:

(i)applicable
law, rule, regulation or order;

(ii)this
Indenture, the Notes and any Note Guarantees;

(iii)customary
provisions of any contract, lease or license restricting assignments, subservicing, subcontracting or other transfers;

(iv)obligations
that are binding on a Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary first becomes a Subsidiary of the Company, so long as such obligations are
not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary;

(v)agreements
existing on the Issue Date, including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, to the extent and in the manner such agreements are in effect
on the Issue Date;

-64-

(vi)restrictions
on the transfer of assets (other than cash) held in a Subsidiary of the Company imposed under any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred
in accordance with this Indenture;

(vii)provisions
in agreements evidencing Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness that impose restrictions on the collateral
securing such Indebtedness, provide for financial covenants, limitations on affiliate transactions, the transfer of all or substantially
all assets, other fundamental changes or other customary limitations which, in each case as determined in good faith by the Company,
are customary or will not materially affect the ability of the Company to pay the principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Notes;

(viii)restrictions
on the transfer of assets subject to any Lien permitted under this Indenture imposed by the holder of such Lien;

(ix)restrictions
imposed by any agreement to sell assets or Capital Stock permitted under this Indenture to any Person pending the closing of such sale;

(x)any
agreement or instrument governing Capital Stock of any Person that is acquired;

(xi)customary
provisions in joint venture and other similar agreements relating solely to the assets or the Equity Interests of such joint venture;

(xii)customary
provisions in leases, licenses, asset sale agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business so long as
such restrictions relate only to the assets subject thereto;

(xiii)restrictions
on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by customers or other counterparties of the Company and its Subsidiaries under contracts
entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(xiv)purchase
money obligations and Capitalized Lease Obligations that impose restrictions on the property purchased or leased of the nature described
in clause (iii) of Section 4.08(a);

(xv)restrictions
that are or were created by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to transfer or option or right with respect to any property not otherwise
prohibited under this Indenture that limit the transfer of such Property pending consummation of such sale;

(xvi)other
Indebtedness, Disqualified Capital Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to Section 4.09
hereof; provided that the restrictions will not materially affect the ability of the Company to pay the principal, interest and
premium, if any, on the Notes, as determined in good faith by the Company; and

(xvii)any
encumbrances or restrictions imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements
or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (ii) through through (xvii) of this Section 4.08(b);
provided that such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings
are, in the good faith judgment of the Companys Board of Directors whose judgment shall be conclusively binding, not materially
more restrictive with respect to such dividend and other payment restrictions, taken as a whole, than those contained in the dividend
or other payment restrictions prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement
or refinancing.

-65-

SECTION 4.09. Limitation
on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock.

(a)The
Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiaries) to, directly or indirectly, create,
incur, assume, guarantee, become liable, contingently or otherwise, with respect to, or otherwise become responsible for payment of (collectively,
incur) any Indebtedness (including, without limitation, Acquired Indebtedness) and the Company shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiaries) to issue any shares of Preferred Stock, in each case other than Permitted
Indebtedness.

(b)Notwithstanding
Section 4.09(a) hereof, if no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of or as a consequence
of the incurrence of any such Indebtedness, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including, without limitation,
Acquired Indebtedness), and the Companys Subsidiaries may issue Preferred Stock, in each case if on the date of the incurrence
of such Indebtedness or Preferred Stock, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and the use of proceeds thereof, the Consolidated
Net Corporate Leverage Ratio of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not exceed 4.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis.

SECTION 4.10. Asset
Sales.

(a)The
Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to, consummate an Asset Sale, unless:

(i)The
Company (or the Subsidiary, as the case may be) receives consideration at the time of the Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market
Value (measured as of the date of the definitive agreement with respect to such Asset Sale) of the assets or Equity Interests issued
or sold or otherwise disposed of; and

(ii)except
in the case of an Asset Swap, at least 75.0% of the consideration received in the Asset Sale by the Company or such Subsidiary is in
the form of cash or Cash Equivalents. For purposes of this provision, each of the following will be deemed to be cash:

(A)any
liabilities, as shown on the Companys or such Subsidiarys most recent consolidated balance sheet, of the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than contingent liabilities and liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes or all Note Guarantees,
if any) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets (or a third party on behalf of such transferee) pursuant to a customary
novation or other agreement that releases the Company or such Subsidiary from further liability;

(B)any
securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Company or any such Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted
by the Company or such Subsidiary into cash within 180 days of the receipt thereof, to the extent of the cash received in that conversion;

(C)any
Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market
Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (C) that is at that time
outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) $48.75 million and (y) 15.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently
ended LTM Period, at the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-cash Consideration (with the Fair Market Value of each item of Designated
Non-cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); and

-66-

(D)any
stock or assets of the kind referred to in clauses (iv) and (v) of Section 4.10(b).

(b)Within
365 days after the receipt of any Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale, the Company (or the applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be) may
apply such Net Proceeds at its option, in any combination of the following:

(i)to
prepay or repay Secured Debt of the Company or any Guarantor or Indebtedness of any Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Guarantor
and, in the case of Secured Debt under revolving credit facilities or other similar Indebtedness, to correspondingly reduce commitments
with respect thereto; provided, however, that Net Proceeds may not be applied to the prepayment or repayment of Non-Recourse Indebtedness
or Indebtedness under Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness, other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness or Indebtedness
under Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness, in each case, secured by a Lien on the asset or assets that were
subject to such Asset Sale;

(ii)to
prepay or repay Pari Passu Debt permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Indenture to the extent required by the terms thereof, and,
in the case of Pari Passu Debt under revolving credit facilities or other similar Indebtedness, to correspondingly reduce commitments
with respect thereto; provided that if the Company (or the applicable Subsidiary) prepays or repays Pari Passu Debt pursuant to this
clause (ii), the Company shall make an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for an Asset Sale Offer) to all holders
to equally and ratably purchase their Notes at 100.0% of the principal amount thereof, plus the amount of accrued but unpaid interest,
if any, on the amount of such Notes that would otherwise be prepaid;

(iii)to
make one or more offers to the holders of the Notes (and, at the option of the Company, the holders of Pari Passu Debt) to purchase Notes
(and such other Pari Passu Debt) pursuant to and subject to the conditions applicable to Asset Sale Offers described below;

(iv)to
acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, or any Capital Stock of, another Permitted Business, if, after giving effect to any
such acquisition of Capital Stock, the Permitted Business is or becomes a Subsidiary of the Company; or

(v)to
acquire other assets that are used or useful in a Permitted Business (including, without limitation, MSR Assets, mortgages and other
loans, mortgage related securities and derivatives, other mortgage related receivables, and other similar assets (or any interest in
any of the foregoing) that are used to support or pledged to secured Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness)
or to make capital expenditures;

provided
that, in the case of clauses (iv) and (v) above, a binding commitment entered into within such 365-day period shall
be treated as a permitted application of the Net Proceeds from the date of such commitment so long as the Company or such Subsidiary
enters into such commitment with the good faith expectation that such Net Proceeds will be applied to satisfy such commitment within
180 days of such commitment (an Acceptable Commitment); provided, further, that if any Acceptable
Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before such Net Proceeds are applied, then such Net Proceeds shall constitute
Excess Proceeds.

-67-

(c)Pending
the final application of any Net Proceeds, the Company (or the applicable Subsidiary) may temporarily reduce revolving credit borrowings
and/or borrowings under Permitted Funding Indebtedness or otherwise invest the Net Proceeds in any manner that is not prohibited by this
Indenture.

(d)Any
Net Proceeds from Asset Sales that are not applied or invested within 365 days (as extended by any Acceptable Commitment) as provided
in Section 4.10(b) will constitute Excess Proceeds. When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds
the greater of (x) $32.5 million and (y) 10.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recently ended LTM Period, within
30 days thereof, the Company shall make an offer to all Holders of Notes and all holders of Pari Passu Debt containing provisions similar
to those set forth in this Indenture with respect to offers to purchase or redeem with the proceeds of sales of assets to purchase the
maximum principal amount of Notes and such Pari Passu Debt that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds (an Asset Sale
Offer). The offer price in any Asset Sale Offer shall be equal to 100.0% of the principal amount (or, in the case of any other
Pari Passu Debt offered at a significant original issue discount, 100.0% of the accreted value thereof, if permitted by the relevant
indenture or other agreement governing such Pari Passu Debt) plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of
purchase, and will be payable in cash. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Company may use those
Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and Pari Passu
Debt tendered into such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Company shall determine the amount of the Notes and
such Pari Passu Debt to be purchased on a pro rata basis or as nearly a pro rata basis as is practicable (subject to the
Applicable Procedures), and the Company will select the Notes to be purchased on a pro rata basis, by lot or by such other method;
provided that if the Notes are in global form, interest in such global notes will be selected for purchase by DTC in accordance
with its standard procedures (with such adjustments as may be appropriate so that only Notes in minimum denominations of $2,000, or integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000, shall be purchased). Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds
shall be reset at zero.

(e)The
Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder
to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer.
To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Asset Sale provisions of this Indenture, the
Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under
the Asset Sale provisions of this Indenture by virtue of such compliance.

SECTION 4.11. Limitation
on Transactions with Affiliates.

(a)The
Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to, directly or indirectly, enter
into any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property
or the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees) with any officer, director, holder of any
Equity Interests in, or other Affiliate of, the Company or any other Guarantor (each, an Affiliate Transaction),
in each case having an aggregate value in excess of $10.0 million unless the terms of the Affiliate Transaction are no less favorable
in any material respect to the Company or such Subsidiary than those that could reasonably be obtained at the time of the Affiliate Transaction
in arms-length dealings with a Person who is not an Affiliate.

For purposes of this Section 4.11(a), with
respect to the modification, amendment or replacement of an Affiliate Transaction in existence as of the Issue Date on substantially
comparable terms, such threshold shall be calculated only with respect to the amount of any net increase in the value of the Affiliate
Transaction as a result of such modification, amendment or replacement rather than the aggregate value.

-68-

(b)The
restrictions set forth in Section 4.11(a) hereof shall not apply to:

(i)employment
and severance arrangements (including equity incentive plans and employee benefit plans and arrangements) with their respective officers
and employees in the ordinary course of business;

(ii)transactions
between or among the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or between or among such Subsidiaries (other
than any Excluded Subsidiary);

(iii)transactions
between the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or any Person in which the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) has made an Investment in the ordinary course of business and such Person is an Affiliate
solely because of such Investment;

(iv)transactions
between the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) and any Person in which the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) holds an interest as a joint venture partner and such Person is an Affiliate solely
because of such interest;

(v)any
agreement or arrangement as in effect as of the Issue Date or any amendment or replacement agreement thereto or any transactions or payments
contemplated thereby (including pursuant to any amendment or replacement agreement thereto) so long as any such amendment or replacement
agreement is not more disadvantageous to the Holders in any material respect than the original agreement as in effect on the Issue Date
(as determined by the Company in good faith);

(vi)an
agreement between a Person and an Affiliate of such Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, or merged into, the Company
or a Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition or merger;

(vii)Indebtedness,
Restricted Payments or Investments (other than pursuant to clause (13) of the definition of Permitted Investments), or
mergers, acquisitions, divisions or dispositions or Asset Sales permitted by this Indenture;

(viii)sales
of Qualified Capital Stock by the Company or any Subsidiary and capital contributions to the Company from Affiliates;

(ix)transactions
in which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, as the case may be, receives an opinion from a nationally recognized investment
banking, appraisal or accounting firm that such Affiliate Transaction is fair, from a financial standpoint, to the Company or such Subsidiary;

(x)(a) the
provision of mortgage servicing, mortgage loan origination, real estate logistics, brokerage and management and similar services to Affiliates
in the ordinary course of business and otherwise not prohibited by this Indenture that are fair to the Company and its Subsidiaries (as
determined by the Company in good faith) or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from
an unaffiliated party (as determined by the Company in good faith), and (b) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, vendors,
contractors, joint venture partners or purchasers or sellers of assets or services that are Affiliates, in each case in the ordinary
course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Indenture that are fair to the Company and its Subsidiaries or
are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party (as determined by the
Company in good faith);

-69-

(xi)payment
of customary fees and reasonable out of pocket costs to, and indemnities for the benefit of, directors, officers and employees of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the
Company or such Subsidiary; and

(xii)sales
of accounts receivable, or participations therein, or Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization
Transaction, Permitted Funding Indebtedness, or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness.

SECTION 4.12. Limitation
on Liens. The Company shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to, directly
or indirectly, create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) of any kind on the assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries unless:

in the case of Liens securing Subordinated
Indebtedness, the Notes or such Guarantors Note Guarantee are secured by a Lien on such property, assets or proceeds that is senior
in priority to such Liens; and

in all other cases, the Notes and any
Note Guarantees are equally and ratably secured.

Any Lien created for the benefit of
Holders pursuant to this Section 4.12 shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge
of each of the related Liens described in Section 4.12(a) or Section 4.12(b) hereof.

SECTION 4.13. [Reserved].

SECTION 4.14. Offer
to Repurchase Upon Change of Control.

(a)Upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control, each Holder shall have the right to require that the Company purchase all or a portion of such
Holders Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change of Control Offer), at a purchase price equal
to 101.0% of the principal amount of the Notes purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase
(subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment
Date that is on or prior to the applicable date of purchase).

(b)Within
30 days following the date upon which a Change of Control occurs, the Company must send, by first class mail, a notice to each Holder,
with a copy to the Trustee, or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, which notice shall govern the terms of the Change
of Control Offer. Such notice shall state the following information:

(i)that
a Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.14 and that all Notes properly tendered pursuant to such Change
of Control Offer will be accepted for payment by the Company;

-70-

(ii)the
purchase price (the Change of Control Payment);

(iii)the
purchase date, which must be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (or, in the case of Global
Notes, delivered), other than as may be required by law (the Change of Control Payment Date);

(iv)that
any Note not tendered or accepted for payment will remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest;

(v)that
unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer shall cease to accrue interest after the Change of Control Payment Date;

(vi)that
Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer shall be required to surrender the Note, with the form
titled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase, which is attached to the form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, on
the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice (or transfer by book-entry transfer to
the Depositary, as applicable) prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date;

(vii)that
Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their tendered Notes and their election to require the Company to purchase such Notes; provided
that the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business on the last day of the offer period, a facsimile transmission
or letter setting forth the name of the Holder of the Notes, the principal amount of the Notes tendered for purchase, and a statement
that such Holder is withdrawing its tendered Notes and its election to have such Notes purchased; and

(viii)any
other instructions, as determined by the Company, consistent with this Section 4.14, that a Holder must follow.

(c)The
Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if (i) a third party makes the Change of
Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Indenture applicable to
a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control
Offer, or (ii) an unconditional notice of redemption as to all outstanding Notes has been given pursuant to Sections 3.07(a) and
3.07(c) hereof, unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price.

(d)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control conditioned upon such Change
of Control if at the time of making of the Change of Control Offer a definitive agreement is in place with respect to such Change of
Control.

(e)The
Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder
to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer.
To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 4.14, the Company shall comply
with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 4.14
by virtue thereof.

(f)The
Company will have the right to redeem the Notes at 101.0% of the principal amount thereof following the consummation of a Change of Control
if at least 90.0% of the Notes outstanding prior to such consummation are purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer with respect
to such Change of Control.

-71-

SECTION 4.15. Limitation
on the Issuance of Guarantees by Subsidiaries.

(a)If
any Subsidiary of the Company that is not an Excluded Subsidiary guarantees any Material Corporate Indebtedness (other than a Permitted
Guarantee), then within 30 days of the date on which such Subsidiary guaranteed such Material Corporate Indebtedness of the Company or
such Guarantor, as applicable, the Company shall cause such Subsidiary to fully and unconditionally guarantee the Notes, jointly and
severally with any other Guarantors, and to execute a supplemental indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D hereto
(together with Opinions of Counsel as to the enforceability of such Note Guarantee); provided, however, that if the guarantee
of such Subsidiary is provided in respect of Material Corporate Indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the
Notes or any Note Guarantee, then such guarantee of such Subsidiary shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Subsidiarys
Note Guarantee to the same extent such other Material Corporate Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes or such other Note Guarantee.

(b)The
Note Guarantees shall be joint and several obligations of the Guarantors.

(c)Any
Subsidiary Guarantor may not sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with
or into (whether or not such Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving Person) another Person, other than the Company or another Subsidiary
Guarantor, other than in compliance with Section 10.06.

(d)Any
Note Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged in accordance with Section 10.07.

SECTION 4.16. Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded
Subsidiary) to, enter into any sale and leaseback transaction; provided that the Company and any Subsidiary of the Company may
enter into a sale and leaseback transaction if:

the Company or the Subsidiary, as applicable,
could have (i) incurred Indebtedness in an amount equal to the Attributable Indebtedness relating to such sale and leaseback transaction
pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof and (ii) incurred a Lien to secure such Indebtedness pursuant to Section 4.12 hereof;
and

the transfer of assets in that sale and
leaseback transaction is permitted by, and the Company or the Subsidiary, as applicable, applies the proceeds of such transaction in
compliance with, Section 4.10 hereof.

SECTION 4.17. Designation
of Excluded Subsidiaries.

(a)The
Company may designate any Subsidiary of the Company to be an Excluded Subsidiary if (i) that designation would not cause a Default
or Event of Default, (ii) before and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such designation, the Company shall
be in compliance with the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio set forth in Section 4.09(b) hereof and (iii) no Subsidiary
that itself or through any of its Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds
any Lien on any property of, the Company or any Guarantor may at any time be an Excluded Subsidiary. If a Subsidiary of the Company is
designated as an Excluded Subsidiary, the aggregate Fair Market Value of all outstanding Investments owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries
in the Subsidiary designated as an Excluded Subsidiary will be deemed to be an Investment made as of the time of the designation and
will reduce the amount available for Restricted Payments under Section 4.07 hereof or under one or more clauses of the definition
of Permitted Investments. That designation will only be permitted if the Investment would be permitted at that time and
if the Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Excluded Subsidiary.

-72-

(b)Any
designation of a Subsidiary of the Company as an Excluded Subsidiary will be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee an Officers
Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the preceding conditions and was permitted by Section 4.07 hereof or
is otherwise a Permitted Investment. Subject to Section 4.17(a) above, the Company may at any time designate any Excluded Subsidiary
to be a Subsidiary of the Company if (i) that designation would not cause a Default or Event of Default, and (ii) before and
immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such designation, the Company shall be in compliance with the Consolidated Net
Corporate Leverage Ratio set forth Section 4.09(b); provided that upon the redesignation or reclassification of any Excluded
Subsidiary (x) all outstanding Indebtedness and Liens (if any) of such re-designated or reclassified Subsidiary shall be deemed
to have been incurred by such Subsidiary on such date of re-designation or reclassification and (y) all outstanding Investments
of such re-designated or reclassified Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an Investment of the Company or a Guarantor as of such date of
re-designation or reclassification.

(c)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, solely in the case of any newly created or acquired Subsidiary that has de minimis operations and assets, such Subsidiary
shall, to the extent it satisfies all of the requirements set forth above with respect to Excluded Subsidiaries, be deemed to be an Excluded
Subsidiary without further action by the Company or any other Guarantor, in each case until such time as such Subsidiary is re-designated
as a Subsidiary in accordance Section 4.17(b) above.

SECTION 4.18. Covenant
Suspension. During any period of time that the Notes are rated Investment Grade and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is then continuing, the Company and its Subsidiaries will not be subject to Sections 4.07, 4.08, 4.09, 4.10, 4.11, 4.15, 4.19 and 5.01(a)(B) hereof
(collectively, the Suspended Covenants). In the event that the Company and its Subsidiaries are not subject to the
Suspended Covenants for any period of time (the Suspension Period) as a result of the preceding sentence and, subsequently,
one or both of the Rating Agencies, as applicable, withdraws its ratings or downgrades the ratings assigned to the Notes such that the
Notes are not rated Investment Grade (the Reversion Date), then the Company and its Subsidiaries will thereafter
again be subject to the Suspended Covenants, it being understood that no actions taken by (or omissions of) the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries during the suspension period shall constitute a Default or an Event of Default under the Suspended Covenants. Furthermore,
after the Reversion Date, (a) calculations with respect to Restricted Payments will be made in accordance with the terms of Section 4.07
hereof as though such covenant had been in effect prior to and throughout the Suspension Period and accordingly, Restricted Payments
made during the Suspension Period will reduce the amount available to be made as Restricted Payments under Section 4.07(a) hereof,
(b) all Indebtedness incurred during the Suspension Period will be classified to have been incurred or issued pursuant to clause
(3) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, (c) for purposes of Section 4.08 hereof, on the Reversion
Date, any consensual encumbrances or restrictions of the type specified in Section 4.08(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) hereof entered
into during the Suspension Period will be deemed to have been in effect on the Issue Date, so that they are permitted by Section 4.08(b)(v) hereof,
(d) for purposes of Section 4.10 hereof, on the Reversion Date, the unutilized Excess Proceeds amount will be reset to zero
and (e) for purposes of Section 4.11 hereof, any Affiliate Transaction entered into after the Reversion Date pursuant to a
contract, agreement, loan, advance or guaranty with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Company entered into during the Suspension
Period will be deemed to have been in effect as of the Issue Date for purposes of Section 4.11(b)(v) hereof.

-73-

During a Suspension Period, the Company may not
designate any of the Companys Subsidiaries that are Guarantors immediately before the Suspension Period as Excluded Subsidiaries.
The Company will provide the Trustee with an Officers Certificate stating the commencement of any Suspension Period or Reversion
Date.

SECTION 4.19. Limitation
Regarding Excluded Subsidiaries.

No Excluded Subsidiary shall (i) engage in
any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company (other than the Company, a Guarantor or another Excluded Subsidiary) that would not
be permitted Section 4.11 hereof if such Excluded Subsidiary were a Subsidiary or (ii) or purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise
acquire (directly or indirectly) any Equity Interests of the Company

ARTICLE 5

SUCCESSORS

SECTION 5.01. Merger,
Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets.

(a)The
Company shall not, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, consolidate or merge with or into any Person, consummate
a Division as the Dividing Person (whether or not the Company is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise
dispose of (or cause or permit any Subsidiary of the Company to sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of) all or
substantially all of assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries (determined on a consolidated basis for the Company and the Companys
Subsidiaries, and, in each case, net of any associated non-recourse or secured obligations), whether as an entirety or substantially
as an entirety, to any Person unless:

either:

(1)The
Company shall be the surviving or continuing entity; or

(2)the
Person (if other than the Company) formed by such consolidation or Division or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires
by sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition the properties and assets of the Company and of the Companys
Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety (the Surviving Entity):

(i)shall
be a Person organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States or any State thereof or the District of Columbia; and

(ii)shall
expressly assume, by supplemental indenture satisfactory to the Trustee, executed and delivered to the Trustee, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on all of the Notes and the performance of every covenant of the Notes
and this Indenture on the part of the Company to be performed or observed;

immediately after giving effect to such
transaction and the assumption contemplated by clause (A)(2)(ii) of this Section 5.01(a) (including giving effect to any
Indebtedness and Acquired Indebtedness incurred or anticipated to be incurred in connection with or in respect of such transaction),
the Company or such Surviving Entity of the Company, as the case may be, shall be able to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness
pursuant to the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio set forth in Section 4.09(b) hereof;

-74-

immediately before and immediately after
giving effect to such transaction and the assumption contemplated by clause (A)(2)(ii) of this Section 5.01(a) (including,
without limitation, giving effect to any Indebtedness and Acquired Indebtedness incurred or anticipated to be incurred and any Lien granted
in connection with or in respect of the transaction), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing; and

(D)The
Company or the Surviving Entity, as applicable, shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance, Division or other disposition and,
if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, comply with the applicable
provisions of this Indenture, are the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Company or the Surviving Entity, as applicable, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture relating to such transaction have been satisfied.

(b)For
purposes of Section 5.01(a), the transfer (by lease, assignment, sale or otherwise, in a single transaction or series of transactions)
of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company, the Capital Stock of which constitutes
all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all
of the properties and assets of the Company.

(c)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Section 5.01(a) shall not apply to:

(i)a
merger of the Company with an Affiliate solely for the purpose of reorganizing the Company in another jurisdiction; or

(ii)any
consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition of assets between or among the Company
and its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary), or, so long as the Company is a surviving Person and any other surviving Person
is a Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) of the Company, any Division of the Company as the Dividing Person.

SECTION 5.02. Surviving
Entity Substituted. Upon any consolidation, combination, Division or merger or any transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company in accordance with Section 5.01 hereof, in which the Company is not the continuing entity, the successor Person formed
by such consolidation or Division or into which the Company is merged or to which such conveyance, lease or transfer is made shall succeed
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture and the Notes with the same effect
as if such Surviving Entity had been named as such.

-75-

ARTICLE 6

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

SECTION 6.01. Events
of Default. An Event of Default wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason
for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment,
decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i)the
failure to pay interest on any Notes when the same becomes due and payable and the default continues for a period of 30 days;

(ii)the
failure to pay the principal on any Notes, when such principal becomes due and payable, at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise;

(iii)the
Company fails to make an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control Offer, as applicable, and thereafter accept and pay for Notes tendered
when and as required pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 hereof, as applicable, or the Company or any Subsidiary (other
than an Excluded Subsidiary) fails to comply with Article 5 hereof;

(iv)a
default in the observance or performance of any other covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture and such default continues for
a period of 60 days (or, in the case of Section 4.03 hereof, 120 days) after the Company receives written notice specifying the
default (and demanding that such default be remedied) from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30.0% of the then outstanding principal
amount of all Notes issued under this Indenture;

(v)the
failure to pay at final maturity (giving effect to any applicable grace periods and any extensions thereof) the principal amount of any
Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness) of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary),
or the acceleration of the final stated maturity of any such Indebtedness if the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, together
with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay principal at final maturity or which has been
accelerated, aggregates $100.0 million or more at any time; provided that in connection with any series of convertible or exchangeable
securities (A) any conversion or exchange of such securities by a holder thereof into shares of Capital Stock, cash or a combination
of cash and shares of Capital Stock, (B) the rights of holders of such securities to convert or exchange into shares of Capital
Stock, cash or a combination of cash and shares of Capital Stock and (C) the rights of holders of such securities to require any
repurchase by the Company of such securities in cash shall not, in itself, constitute an Event of Default under this clause (v); provided,
further, that no Event of Default shall occur under this clause (v) as a result of any such failure to pay with respect to
any such Indebtedness described in this clause (v), if such failure to pay shall have been cured or waived by the holder or holders of
such Indebtedness (or a trustee on behalf of such holder or holders) prior to any declaration of acceleration of the Notes because of
such failure to pay such Indebtedness;

(vi)one
or more judgments in an aggregate amount in excess of $100.0 million shall have been rendered against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and such judgments remain undischarged, unpaid or unstayed for a period of 60 days after such judgment
or judgments become final and non-appealable (other than any judgments as to which, and only to the extent, a solvent and unaffiliated
insurance company has acknowledged coverage of such judgments in writing);

(vii)the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(A)commences
proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

-76-

(B)consents
to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law;

(C)consents
to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially
all of its property;

(D)makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or

(E)generally
is not paying its material debts as they become due;

(viii)a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(A)is
for relief against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) in a proceeding in which the Company
or any such Subsidiary or any such group of Excluded Subsidiaries of the Company is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(B)appoints
a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other
than an Excluded Subsidiary)for all or substantially all of the property of the Company or any such Subsidiary of the Company; or

(C)orders
the liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary);

and the order or decree remains unstayed and in
effect for 60 consecutive days; or

(ix)the
Note Guarantee of any Guarantor shall for any reason cease to be in full force and effect or be declared null and void or any responsible
officer of any Guarantor denies that it has any further liability under its Note Guarantee or gives notice to such effect, other than
by reason of the termination of this Indenture or, in the case of a Note Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor, the release of any such
Note Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture.

In the event of a declaration of acceleration of the Notes because
an Event of Default specified in clause (v) of this Section 6.01 has occurred and is continuing, the declaration of acceleration
of the Notes shall be automatically annulled if the default triggering such Event of Default pursuant to clause (v) of this Section 6.01
shall be remedied or cured by the Company or the applicable Subsidiary of the Company or waived by the holders of the relevant Indebtedness
within 20 days after the declaration of acceleration with respect thereto and if (1) the annulment of the acceleration of the Notes
would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) all existing Events of Default, except
nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Notes, have
been cured or waived.

SECTION 6.02. Acceleration.

(a)If
an Event of Default (other than, with respect to the Company, an Event of Default specified in clause (vii) or (viii) of Section 6.01
hereof) shall occur and be continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes
issued under this Indenture may declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Notes issued under
this Indenture to be due and payable by notice in writing to the Company and the Trustee specifying the respective Event of Default and
that it is a notice of acceleration, and the Notes shall become immediately due and payable.

-77-

(b)If
an Event of Default specified in clause (vii) or (viii) of Section 6.01 hereof with respect to the Company occurs and
is continuing, then all unpaid principal of, and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the then outstanding Notes
issued under this Indenture shall ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on
the part of the Trustee or any Holder.

(c)At
any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to the Notes as described in Section 6.02(a) or 6.02(b) hereof,
the Holders of a majority in principal amount of all outstanding Notes issued under this Indenture may rescind and cancel such declaration
and its consequences:

(i)if
the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree;

(ii)if
all existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of principal or interest that has become due solely because
of the acceleration;

(iii)to
the extent the payment of such interest is lawful, interest on overdue installments of interest and overdue principal, which has become
due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration, has been paid;

(iv)if
the Company has paid the Trustee (including its agents and counsel) its reasonable compensation and reimbursed the Trustee for its expenses,
disbursements and advances; and

(v)in
the event of the cure or waiver of an Event of Default of the type described in clause (vii) or (viii) of Section 6.01
hereof, the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel that such Event of Default has been
cured or waived.

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any
right consequent thereto.

SECTION 6.03. Other
Remedies.

(a)If
an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal, premium,
if any, and interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.

(b)The
Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay
or omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair
the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted
by law.

SECTION 6.04. Waiver
of Past Defaults. Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee
may, on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes, waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences hereunder, except
a continuing Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note held by a non-consenting Holder (including
in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control Offer); provided, subject to Section 6.02 hereof, that the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including
any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration, that is not the result of a failure by the Company to make a Change
of Control Offer. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed
to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall affect any subsequent or other Default or impair any
right consequent thereto.

-78-

SECTION 6.05. Control
by Majority. Subject to all provisions of this Indenture and applicable law, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the
then outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or
exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, and, subject to Article 8, the Trustee may act at the discretion of the
Holders without liability. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or that
the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder of a Note (it being understood that the Trustee does not
have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such direction is unduly prejudicial to such holders) or that would involve
the Trustee in personal liability.

SECTION 6.06. Rights
of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Note
to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed in the Note
(including in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control Offer), or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment
on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

SECTION 6.07. Collection
Suit by Trustee. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or (ii) hereof occurs and is continuing, the
Trustee is authorized to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount
of principal of, premium, if any, and interest remaining unpaid on the Notes and interest on overdue principal and, to the extent lawful,
interest and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

SECTION 6.08. Restoration
of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture
and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder,
then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceedings, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored
severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders
shall continue as though no such proceeding has been instituted.

SECTION 6.09. Rights
and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or
stolen Notes in Section 2.07 hereof, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended
to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in
addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion
or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate
right or remedy.

-79-

SECTION 6.10. Delay
or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing
upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence
therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time,
and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.

SECTION 6.11. Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim. The Trustee is authorized to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary
or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders of the Notes allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the
Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes including any Guarantor), its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered
to participate as members in any official committee of creditors appointed in such matter and to collect, receive and distribute any
money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and any custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized
by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly
to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the
Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.06 hereof. To the extent that the payment
of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the
Trustee under Section 7.06 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same
shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties
that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement
or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf
of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or
to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

SECTION 6.12. Undertaking
for Costs. In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any
action taken or omitted by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an
undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made
by the party litigant. This Section 6.12 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 6.06
hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 10.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes.

SECTION 6.13. Trustee
May Enforce Claims without Possession of Notes. All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or any of the Notes may
be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any proceeding relating
thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery
or judgment, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel, shall be for the ratable benefit of each and every Holder of a Note in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.

-80-

SECTION 6.14. Limitation
on Suits. Subject to Section 6.06 hereof, no Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes unless:

such Holder has previously given the Trustee
notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

Holders of at least 30.0% of the then
outstanding principal amount of all Notes issued under this Indenture have requested the Trustee to pursue the remedy;

Holders have offered the Trustee security
or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense;

the Trustee has not complied with such
request within 60 days after the receipt thereof and the offer of security or indemnity; and

Holders of a majority in principal amount
of the total outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a written direction inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.

A Holder of Notes may not use this Indenture to
prejudice the rights of another Holder of Notes or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder.

SECTION 6.15. Priorities.
If the Trustee or any agent collects any money or property pursuant to this Article 6, it shall pay out the money in the following
order:

FIRST, to the Trustee (acting in any capacity
hereunder), each Agent, their agents and attorneys for amounts due hereunder, including payment of all fees, expenses and liabilities
incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee or such Agent and the costs and expenses of collection;

SECOND, to Holders of the Notes for amounts
due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according
to the amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and

THIRD, to the Company or to such party
as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct including any Guarantor, if applicable.

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment
date for any payment to Holders pursuant to this Section 6.15.

ARTICLE 7

TRUSTEE

SECTION 7.01. Duties
of Trustee.

(a)If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture,
and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct
of such persons own affairs.

-81-

(b)Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i)the
duties of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only those
duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this
Indenture against the Trustee; and

(ii)in
the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the
opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture.
However, in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to
the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of
this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

(c)The
Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct,
except that:

(i)this
paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section 7.01;

(ii)the
Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved in a court of
competent jurisdiction that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii)the
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received
by it pursuant to Section 6.05 hereof.

(d)Whether
or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs
(a), (b) and (c) of this Section 7.01.

(e)The
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any
of the Holders of the Notes unless the Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against
any loss, liability or expense.

(f)The
Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money
held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

SECTION 7.02. Rights
of Trustee.

(a)The
Trustee may conclusively rely upon, and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any document believed by it
to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in
the document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may
see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books,
records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole cost of the Company and shall incur no liability
or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.

(b)Before
the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate of the Company or an Opinion of Counsel or both.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate
or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel
shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder
in good faith and in reliance thereon.

-82-

(c)The
Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent or attorney
appointed with due care.

(d)The
Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights
or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.

(e)Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company shall be sufficient if signed
by an Officer of the Company.

(f)None
of the provisions of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial
or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable
grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not assured to it.

(g)The
Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice of any event which is in fact such
a Default is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references
the Notes and this Indenture.

(h)In
no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage and regardless of the form of action.

(i)The
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified,
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person
employed to act hereunder.

(j)The
Trustee may request that the Company and any Guarantor deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of individuals
and/or titles of officers (with specimen signatures) authorized at such times to take specific actions pursuant to this Indenture, which
Officers Certificate may be signed by any person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not
superseded.

(k)The
permissive rights of the Trustee to take certain actions under this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty unless so specified herein.

(l)The
Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder.

(m)The
Trustee shall have no duty to inquire as to the performance of the Company with respect to the covenants contained in Article 4
or to make any calculation in connection therewith or in connection with any redemption of the Notes. In addition, except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, the Trustee shall have no obligation to monitor or verify compliance by the Company or any Guarantor with
any other obligation or covenant under this Indenture.

-83-

SECTION 7.03. Individual
Rights of Trustee. The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise
deal with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event
that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest, it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign as Trustee. Any Agent may
do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Section 7.09 hereof.

SECTION 7.04. Trustees
Disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture
or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Companys use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company
or upon the Companys direction under any provision of this Indenture, it shall not be responsible for the use or application of
any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it shall not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or
any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other than its
certificate of authentication.

SECTION 7.05. Notice
of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and the Trustee has received written notice thereof, the Trustee shall give to
Holders of Notes a notice of the Default within 90 days of having received such notice. Except in the case of a Default relating to the
payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Note, the Trustee may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing
Default if and so long as the Trustee determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes. The Trustee
shall not be deemed to have received notice of any Default unless written notice of any event which is such a Default is received by
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

SECTION 7.06. Compensation
and Indemnity. The Company shall pay to the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder) from time to time such compensation for its
acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder as the parties shall agree in writing from time to time. The Trustees compensation
shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company shall reimburse the Trustee (acting in
any capacity hereunder) promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition
to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees
agents and counsel.

The Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally,
shall indemnify the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder (including Paying Agent, and Registrar), and
each of their officers, directors, employees, counsel and agents, for, and hold the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee in each of its
capacities hereunder (including Paying Agent, and Registrar), and each of their officers, directors, employees, counsel and agents, harmless
against, any and all loss, damage, claims, liability or expense (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection
with the acceptance or administration of this trust and the performance of its duties hereunder (including the costs and expenses of
enforcing this Indenture against the Company or any Guarantor (including this Section 7.06) or defending itself against any claim
whether asserted by any Holder, the Company or any Guarantor, or liability in connection with the acceptance, exercise or performance
of any of its powers or duties hereunder). The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any third-party claim for which it may seek
indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder. The Company shall
defend the claim and the Trustee may have separate counsel and the Company shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. The Company
need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee through the Trustees
own willful misconduct or negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable order).

-84-

Notwithstanding Section 4.12 hereof, to secure
the payment obligations of the Company and the Guarantors in this Section 7.06, the Trustee shall have a Lien prior to the Notes
on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee from the Company or any Guarantor, except that held in trust to pay principal
and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services
after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(vii) or (viii) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for
the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under
any Bankruptcy Law.

The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06
shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee.

SECTION 7.07. Replacement
of Trustee. A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor
Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.07. The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be
discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Company. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing not less than 30 days prior to the effective date
of such removal. The Trustee shall be permitted to rely in good faith on customary certificates of beneficial ownership as evidence of
holdings (and shall not require the provision of DTC proxies, medallion-stamped guarantees or other similar evidence) in connection with
any determination with respect to the Holders of Notes giving any consent, instruction or authorization under this Indenture. The Company
may remove the Trustee if:

the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.09
hereof;

the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or
an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;

a custodian or public officer takes charge
of the Trustee or its property; or

the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy
exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor
Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to
replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company.

If a successor Trustee does not take office within
60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee (at the Companys expense), the Company or the Holders
of at least 10.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor Trustee.

If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder
who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with Section 7.09 hereof, such Holder may petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.

-85-

A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance
of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become
effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor
Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee
to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for
in Section 7.06 hereof. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.07, the Companys obligations
under Section 7.06 hereof shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. The retiring or removed Trustee shall have no
responsibility or liability for the action or inaction of any successor Trustee.

SECTION 7.08. Successor
Trustee by Merger, etc. If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of
its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee.

SECTION 7.09. Eligibility;
Disqualification. There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation, national association, or other type of legal
entity organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such
laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has
a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.

ARTICLE 8

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

SECTION 8.01. Option
to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The Company may, at its option and at any time, elect to have either Section 8.02
or Section 8.03 hereof applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8.

SECTION 8.02. Legal
Defeasance and Discharge. Upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02,
the Company and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed
to have been discharged from their obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes and any Note Guarantees on the date the conditions
set forth below are satisfied (Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Company shall
be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes, which shall thereafter be deemed
to be outstanding only for the purposes of Section 8.05 hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to
in (a) and (b) below, and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Notes and this Indenture including that of
the Guarantors (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same (in form and
substance satisfactory to the Trustee)), except for the following provisions which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged
hereunder:

the rights of Holders to receive payments
in respect of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes when such payments are due solely out of the trust created
pursuant to this Indenture referred to in Section 8.04 hereof;

the Companys obligations with respect
to the Notes concerning issuing temporary Notes, registration of Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and the maintenance
of an office or agency for payments under Article 2 and money for security payments held in trust;

-86-

the rights, powers, trusts, duties and
immunities of the Trustee and the Companys obligations in connection therewith; and

this Section 8.02.

Subject to compliance with this Article 8,
the Company may exercise its option under this Section 8.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 8.03
hereof.

SECTION 8.03. Covenant
Defeasance. Upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03,
the Company and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be released
from their obligations under the covenants contained in Sections 4.03, 4.04, 4.07, 4.08, 4.09, 4.10, 4.11, 4.12, 4.14, 4.15, 4.16 and
4.17 hereof and Section 5.01(a)(B) hereof with respect to the outstanding Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth
in Section 8.04 hereof are satisfied (Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes shall thereafter be deemed not outstanding
for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection
with such covenants, but shall continue to be deemed outstanding for all other purposes hereunder (it being understood
that such Notes shall not be deemed outstanding for accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect
to the outstanding Notes, the Company may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation
set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by
reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document, and such omission to comply shall
not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01 hereof, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this
Indenture and such Notes and any Note Guarantees shall be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01
hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03 hereof, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04
hereof, Sections 6.01(iii) (solely with respect to the covenants, or portions thereof, that are released upon a Covenant Defeasance)
or (iv) (solely with respect to the covenants that are released upon a Covenant Defeasance), 6.01(v), 6.01(vi), 6.01(vii) (other
than with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary)), 6.01(viii) (other than with
respect to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than an Excluded Subsidiary)) and 6.01(ix) (other than with respect
to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company) hereof shall not constitute Events of Default.

SECTION 8.04. Conditions
to Legal or Covenant Defeasance. The following shall be the conditions to the application of either Section 8.02 or Section 8.03
hereof to the outstanding Notes:

In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance with respect to the Notes:

the Company must irrevocably deposit with
the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the applicable Holders cash in Dollars, non-callable U.S. government obligations, or a combination
thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants, to
pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the stated date for payment thereof or on the applicable redemption
date, as the case may be, and any other amounts owing under this Indenture (in the case of an optional redemption date prior to electing
to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, the Company has delivered to the Trustee an irrevocable notice to redeem
all of the outstanding Notes on such redemption date); provided that with respect to the exercise of either Legal Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance in connection with any redemption that requires the payment of the Applicable Premium, the amount deposited will
be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent that an amount is deposited with the Trustee equal to the Applicable Premium
calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, with any Applicable Premium Deficit only required to be deposited with the Trustee
on or prior to the date of redemption; any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered
to the Trustee simultaneously with the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit
will be applied toward such redemption;

-87-

in the case of Legal Defeasance, the Company
shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States confirming that, subject to customary assumptions and
exclusions:

the Company has received from, or there
has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling; or

since the date of this Indenture, there
has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law,

in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such
Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, the beneficial owners of the Notes will not recognize
income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred;

in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States confirming that, subject to customary assumptions
and exclusions, the beneficial owners of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the
same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;

no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit (other than a Default or Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds
to be applied to such deposit (and any similar concurrent deposit relating to other Indebtedness) (and the incurrence of Liens associated
with any such borrowings));

such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance
shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture
and the agreements governing any other Indebtedness being defeased, discharged or replaced) to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than any Excluded Subsidiary) is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound;

the Company shall have delivered to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of preferring the Holders
over any other creditors of the Company or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the
Company or others; and

-88-

the Company shall have delivered to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may be subject to customary assumptions and
exclusions), each stating that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have
been complied with.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Opinion of
Counsel required by clause (b) of this Section 8.04 with respect to a Legal Defeasance need not be delivered if all Notes not
theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (x) have become due and payable, or (y) will become due and payable on
the maturity date within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee
in the name, and at the expense, of the Company.

SECTION 8.05. Deposited
Money and Government Securities to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. Subject to Section 8.06 hereof, all money
and Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for
purposes of this Section 8.05, the Trustee) pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof in respect of the outstanding
Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment,
either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company or any Guarantor acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine,
to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, but such
money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee
against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or Government Securities deposited pursuant to Section 8.04
hereof or the principal, and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the
account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes.

Anything in this Article 8 to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time, upon the written request of the Company, any money
or Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 8.04 hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of
independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered
under Section 8.04(a) hereof), are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an
equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

SECTION 8.06. Repayment
to Company. Subject to any abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the
Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years
after such principal, and premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its written request
or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter look only to the Company
for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the
Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.

SECTION 8.07. Reinstatement.
If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any United States dollars or Government Securities in accordance with Section 8.02
or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining
or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and
reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent
is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be; provided that, if
the Company makes any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations,
the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee
or Paying Agent.

-89-

ARTICLE 9

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 9.01. Without
Consent of Holders of Notes. Notwithstanding Section 9.02 hereof, the Company, the Guarantors (with respect to any Note Guarantee
or this Indenture) and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture and any Note Guarantee or Notes without the consent of any
Holder to:

cure any mistakes, ambiguities, defects
or inconsistencies;

provide for uncertificated Notes in addition
to or in place of certificated Notes or to alter the provisions of this Indenture relating to the form of the Notes (including the related
definitions) in a manner that does not materially adversely affect any Holder as set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered
to the Trustee;

provide for the assumption of the Companys
or a Guarantors obligations to the Holders of the Notes by a successor to the Company or such Guarantor and the release of the
Company or such Guarantor, in each case pursuant to Article 5 hereof or Section 10.07 hereof, as applicable;

make any change that would provide any
additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not materially adversely affect the legal rights under this Indenture
of any Holder of the Notes (as evidenced by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee) or to add covenants for the benefit
of the Holders or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company or any Guarantor;

provide for the issuance of Additional
Notes issued after the Issue Date in accordance with the limitations set forth in this Indenture;

allow any Guarantor to execute a supplemental
indenture and/or a Note Guarantee or to effect the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Note Guarantee
or this Indenture (to the extent permitted by this Indenture);

secure the Notes without the consent of
the Holders;

provide for the issuance of exchange notes
or private exchange notes;

conform the text of this Indenture, the
Note Guarantees or the Notes to any provision of the Description of Notes section of the Offering Memorandum to the extent
that such provision in such Description of Notes section was intended to conform to a provision of this Indenture, the
Note Guarantees or the Notes (as evidenced in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee); or

evidence and provide for the acceptance
and appointment under this Indenture of a successor Trustee thereunder pursuant to the requirements thereof.

-90-

Upon the request of the Company accompanied by
a resolution of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution of any such amended or supplemental indenture, and upon receipt by the
Trustee of the documents described in Section 9.05 hereof, the Trustee shall join with the Company and the Guarantors in the execution
of any amended or supplemental indenture authorized or permitted by the terms of this Indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements
and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to enter into such amended or supplemental indenture
that affects its own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

SECTION 9.02. With
Consent of Holders of Notes. Except as provided below in this Section 9.02, the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee
may amend or supplement this Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal
amount of the Notes (including Additional Notes, if any) then outstanding voting as a single class (including, without limitation, consents
obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes), and, subject to Sections 6.04 and 6.06
hereof, any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium,
if any, or interest on the Notes, except a payment default resulting from an acceleration with respect to a non-payment default that
has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be waived with the consent
of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including Additional Notes, if any) voting as a single
class (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes). Sections 2.08
and 2.09 hereof shall determine which Notes are considered to be outstanding for the purposes of this Section 9.02.

Upon the request of the Company accompanied by
a resolution of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution of any such amended or supplemental indenture, and upon the filing with
the Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Trustee of the consent of the Holders of Notes as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee
of the documents described in Section 9.05 hereof, the Trustee shall join with the Company and any Subsidiary Guarantors, if applicable,
in the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture unless such amended or supplemental indenture directly affects the Trustees
own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be
obligated to, enter into such amended or supplemental indenture.

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the
Holders of Notes under this Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or waiver, but it shall be sufficient
if such consent approves the substance thereof.

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under
this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders of Notes affected thereby a notice briefly describing
the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the Company to deliver such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in
any way impair or affect the validity of any such amended or supplemental indenture or waiver.

Without the consent of each affected Holder of
Notes, an amendment or waiver under this Section 9.02 may not (with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder):

reduce the principal amount of Notes whose
Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;

reduce the rate of or change or have the
effect of changing the time for payment of interest, including defaulted interest once due, on any Notes;

-91-

reduce the principal of or change or have
the effect of changing the fixed final maturity of any Notes, or change the date on which any Notes may be subject to redemption or reduce
the redemption price therefor (other than the provisions relating to Sections 4.10 and 4.14 hereof;

make any Notes payable in money other
than that stated in the Notes;

make any change in provisions of this
Indenture protecting the right of each Holder to receive payment of principal of and interest on the Notes on or after the due date thereof
or to bring suit to enforce such payment, or permitting Holders of a majority in principal amount of Notes to waive Defaults or Events
of Default;

waive a Default or Event of Default in
the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes (except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the holders
of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes with respect to a non-payment default and a waiver of the payment default
that resulted from such acceleration);

after the Companys obligation to
purchase Notes arises thereunder, amend, change or modify in any material respect the obligation of the Company to make and consummate
a Change of Control Offer in the event of a Change of Control or modify any of the provisions or definitions with respect thereto;

modify or change any provision of this
Indenture or the related definitions affecting the ranking of the Notes in a manner which adversely affects the Holders;

(i)release
any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Note Guarantee or this Indenture, except in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;
or

(j)make
any change in the preceding amendment and waiver provisions.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
the Company shall not (x) enter into any amendment to, or other agreement or modification that has the effect of changing, any of
the provisions of Section 2.01(c), Section 4.04(b) or this paragraph of Section 9.02, and/or (y) pledge, hypothecate,
transfer, encumber or grant a lien on or a security interest in any assets of the Company, any equity interests in the Company or any
subsidiaries of the Company, or otherwise provide any collateral support for payment and performance of the obligations of the Company
under this Indenture or the Notes without the prior written approval of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and the Trustee and the Holders acknowledge
(without acceptance of any responsibility or liability in connection with such acknowledgement) (i) such condition precedent to
and restriction on the Companys right to amend and (ii) that Fannie Maes and Freddie Macs Agency Consent is
not and shall not extend to, be deemed to be or be construed as, Fannie Maes or Freddie Macs consent, approval, or acknowledgment
to any amendment, waiver, modification or other alteration such provisions, or any right, obligation or other interest of the Company
or any Guarantor under any Fannie Mae Agreements or Freddie Mac Agreements, which amendments or modifications shall be subject to the
terms of the Fannie Mae Agreements or Freddie Mac Agreements, as applicable.

SECTION 9.03. Revocation
and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing
consent by the Holder of a Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting
Holders Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder
of a Note may revoke the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date the waiver, supplement
or amendment becomes effective. An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds
every Holder.

-92-

The Company may, but shall not be obligated to,
fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent to any amendment, supplement, or waiver. If a record
date is fixed, then, notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated
proxies), and only such Persons, shall be entitled to consent to such amendment, supplement, or waiver or to revoke any consent previously
given, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more
than 90 days after such record date unless the consent of the requisite number of Holders has been obtained.

SECTION 9.04. Notation
on or Exchange of Notes. The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter
authenticated. The Company in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate
new Notes that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver.

Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue
a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

SECTION 9.05. Trustee
to Sign Amendments, etc. The Trustee shall sign any amendment, supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to this Article 9
if the amendment or supplement does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. In executing any
amendment, supplement or waiver, the Trustee shall receive and (subject to Section 7.01 hereof) shall be fully protected in conclusively
relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 12.03 hereof, an Officers Certificate of the Company and an
Opinion of Counsel each stating that the execution of such amendment, supplement or waiver is authorized or permitted by this Indenture,
that such amendment, supplement or waiver is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company and any Subsidiary Guarantors party
thereto, enforceable against them in accordance with its terms, and that all conditions precedent (with regard to an Opinion of Counsel,
aside from such factual matters or statements of fact as to which the Trustee may rely conclusively on an Officers Certificate)
relating to such amendment, supplement or waiver have been complied with, subject to customary exceptions.

ARTICLE 10

NOTE GUARANTEES

SECTION 10.01. Note
Guarantee. Subject to this Article 10, each of the Guarantors party hereto or that joins this Indenture pursuant to Section 4.15
or otherwise hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee
and to the Trustee and its respective successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the
Notes or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, that: (a) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the
Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue
principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the
Trustee hereunder or thereunder shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, and
(b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly
paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors
shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not
a guarantee of collection.

-93-

The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations
hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence
of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof,
the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the extent it may lawfully do so) diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require
a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor
shall not be discharged except by full payment or complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.

Each Guarantor also agrees to pay any and all
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by the Trustee or any Holder in enforcing any rights
under this Section 10.01.

If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any
court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in
relation to either the Company or the Guarantors, any amount paid either to the Trustee or such Holder, each Note Guarantee, to the extent
theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect.

Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between
the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed
hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 hereof for the purposes of each Note Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction
or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (y) in the event of any declaration
of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6 hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith
become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of each Note Guarantee. The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution
from any non-paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Trustee and Holders under the Note
Guarantees.

Each Note Guarantee shall remain in full force
and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Company for liquidation, reorganization, should
the Company become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all
or any significant part of the Companys assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or
be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Notes are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or
reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Notes or Note Guarantees, whether as a voidable
preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the
event that any payment or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Notes shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

In case any provision of any Note Guarantee shall
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby.

-94-

The Note Guarantee issued by each Guarantor shall
be a general unsecured senior obligation of such Guarantor and shall rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated
indebtedness of such Guarantor, if any.

Each payment to be made by a Guarantor in respect
of its Note Guarantee shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, reduction or diminution of any kind or nature.

SECTION 10.02. Limitation
on Guarantor Liability. Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of
all such parties that the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy
Law or fraudulent conveyance laws to the extent applicable to any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee,
the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount
as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant
under such laws and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf
of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the obligations of
such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under, applicable law. Each Guarantor
that makes a payment under its Note Guarantee shall be entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed obligations under this Indenture
to a contribution from each other Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantors pro rata portion of such payment
based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP.

SECTION 10.03. Execution
and Delivery. To evidence its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof, (x) the Company hereby agrees that this
Indenture has been executed on behalf of such Guarantor by an Officer or person holding an equivalent title and (y) each other Guarantor
hereby agrees that a supplemental indenture attached hereto as Exhibit D shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by an Officer
of such Guarantor.

Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee
set forth in Section 10.01 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of the endorsement of any notation
of such Note Guarantee on the Notes.

If an Officer whose signature is on a supplemental
indenture attached hereto as Exhibit D no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, such Note Guarantee
shall be valid nevertheless.

The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after
the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Note Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the
Guarantors.

If required by Section 4.15 hereof, the Company
shall cause any newly created or acquired Subsidiary to comply with Section 4.15 hereof and this Article 10, to the extent
applicable.

SECTION 10.04. Subrogation.
Each Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of Holders of Notes against the Company in respect of any amounts paid by any Guarantor
pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof; provided that, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Guarantor shall
be entitled to enforce or receive any payments arising out of, or based upon, such right of subrogation until all amounts then due and
payable by the Company under this Indenture or the Notes shall have been paid in full.

-95-

SECTION 10.05. Benefits
Acknowledged. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated
by this Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to its Note Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of
such benefits.

SECTION 10.06. Merger,
Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets of Subsidiary Guarantors. No Subsidiary Guarantor may sell or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into (whether or not such Subsidiary Guarantor
is the surviving Person) another Person, other than the Company or another Subsidiary Guarantor (or Subsidiary that becomes a Subsidiary
Guarantor contemporaneous with such transaction), unless:

except in the case of a merger entered
into solely for the purpose of reincorporating a Subsidiary Guarantor in another jurisdiction, immediately after giving effect to that
transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

either:

the Person acquiring the property in any
such sale or disposition or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if not the Subsidiary Guarantor), within
30 days of the date of such acquisition or merger or consolidation, assumes all the obligations of that Subsidiary Guarantor under this
Indenture and its Note Guarantee pursuant to a supplemental indenture satisfactory to the Trustee; or

such sale or other disposition or consolidation
or merger does not violate Section 4.10 hereof; and

the Company shall have delivered to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such sale, disposition, consolidation or merger and,
if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture will comply with the applicable
provisions of this Indenture, is the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company and/or such surviving entity, as applicable,
enforceable against the Company and/or such surviving entity, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, and that all conditions precedent
in this Indenture relating to such transaction have been satisfied.

This Section 10.06 will not apply to a sale
or disposition of assets not prohibited by, or otherwise in compliance with Section 4.10.

SECTION 10.07. Release
of Note Guarantees. A Note Guarantee by a Guarantor shall be automatically, with written notice to the Trustee (however, failure
to deliver such notice shall not affect any such release), and unconditionally released and discharged, and no further action by such
Guarantor, the Company or the Trustee is required for the release of such Guarantors Note Guarantee (other than delivery of the
Officers Certificate referred to in this Section 10.07; however, failure to deliver such Officers Certificate shall
not affect any such release), in the following circumstances:

in connection with any sale, transfer
or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor (including by way of merger or consolidation) to a Person
that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, if the sale or other
disposition does not violate Section 4.10 hereof;

-96-

in connection with any sale, transfer
or other disposition of all of the Capital Stock of such Guarantor (including by way of merger or consolidation) to a Person that is
not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, if the sale or other disposition
does not violate Section 4.10 hereof;

if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary
as a result of a transaction permitted under this Indenture or if the Company designates such Guarantor to be an Excluded Subsidiary
of the Company in accordance with Section 4.17 hereof;

if such Guarantor is released from its
guarantee which caused such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 4.15; or

upon Legal Defeasance, satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture or Covenant Defeasance pursuant to Article 8 or Article 11 hereof.

In connection with any such release, the Company
shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate of such Guarantor confirming the effective date of such release and stating
that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to such transaction have been complied with; however, failure to
deliver such Officers Certificate shall not affect any such release.

ARTICLE 11

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

SECTION 11.01. Satisfaction
and Discharge. This Indenture shall be discharged and shall cease to be of further effect (except as to surviving rights or registration
of transfer or exchange of the Notes, as expressly provided for in this Indenture) as to all Notes when:

either:

all the Notes theretofore authenticated
and delivered (except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes that have been replaced or paid and Notes for whose payment money has theretofore
been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust)
have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

all Notes not theretofore delivered to the
Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable by reason of delivering of a notice of redemption or otherwise or will become due
and payable within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year under irrevocable arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee
for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company, and the Company or any Guarantor
has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee funds in an amount sufficient, as determined by the Company, to
pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness on the Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal of, premium,
if any, and interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the date of maturity or redemption, as applicable, together with irrevocable instructions
from the Company directing the Trustee to apply such funds to the payment thereof at maturity or redemption, as the case may be; provided
that in a discharge in connection with any redemption that requires the payment of the Applicable Premium, the amount deposited shall
be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent that an amount is deposited with the Trustee equal to the Applicable Premium
calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, with any deficit on the date of redemption (the Applicable Premium Deficit)
only required to be deposited with the Trustee on or prior to the date of the redemption; any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set
forth in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee simultaneously with the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that
confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption;

-97-

the Company or any Guarantor has paid
all other sums payable under this Indenture by the Company; and

the Company has delivered to the Trustee
an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that all conditions precedent under this Indenture relating to the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 and, if money shall have been deposited with
the Trustee pursuant to clause (a)(ii) of this Section 11.01, Section 11.02 and Section 8.06 hereof shall survive.

SECTION 11.02. Application
of Trust Money. Subject to Section 8.06 hereof, all funds deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof shall
be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly
or through any Paying Agent (including the Company or any Guarantor acting as their own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to
the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with
the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply
any funds in accordance with Section 11.01 hereof by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any
court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Companys and any Guarantors
obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01
hereof; provided that if the Company has made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Notes because of
the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment
from the funds held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

ARTICLE 12

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 12.01. Inapplicability
of the Trust Indenture Act. This Indenture is not and will not be qualified under, and does not and will not incorporate or include
any of the provisions of, the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act).

SECTION 12.02. Notices.
Any notice or communication by the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee to the others is duly given if in writing and delivered
in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), PDF transmission, fax or overnight air courier
guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others address:

If to the Company or a Guarantor:

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Attention: Issa M. Bannourah

If to the Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

ATTN: Melody Scott

Three James Center

1051 East Cary Street, Suite 600

Richmond, VA 23219

-98-

The Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee, by
notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

All notices and communications (other than those
sent to Holders) shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five calendar days
after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed by first-class mail; when receipt acknowledged, if faxed; and the next
Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery; provided that
any notice or communication delivered to the Trustee shall be deemed effective upon actual receipt thereof. Notice otherwise given in
accordance with the procedures of DTC will be deemed given on the date sent to DTC.

Any notice or communication to a Holder shall
be mailed by first-class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery
to its address (or, in the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the Applicable Procedures) shown on the register kept by the Registrar.
Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, as long as the Notes are in the form of a Global Note, notice to the Holders
may be made electronically in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary for such Note.

If a notice or communication is mailed in the
manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it; provided that any
notices or communications to the Trustee shall be deemed effective only upon actual receipt thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee.

If the Company mails a notice or communication
to Holders, it shall mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.

The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notices,
instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic
methods. If the Company and the Guarantors elect to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic
method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions
shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the
Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with
a subsequent written instruction. The Company and the Guarantors agree to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic
methods, including the use of electronic signatures, to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation
the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

-99-

SECTION 12.03. Certificate
and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. Upon any request or application by the Company or any of the Guarantors to the Trustee to
take any action under this Indenture, the Company or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Trustee:

An Officers Certificate of the
Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 12.04
hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating
to the proposed action have been satisfied; and

An Opinion of Counsel in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 12.04 hereof) stating that, in the
opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisfied.

SECTION 12.04. Statements
Required in Certificate or Opinion. Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided
for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to Section 4.04 hereof) shall include:

a statement that the Person making such
certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;

a brief statement as to the nature and
scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

a statement that, in the opinion of such
Person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether
or not such covenant or condition has been complied with (and, in the case of an Opinion of Counsel, may be limited to reliance on an
Officers Certificate as to factual matters or statements of fact); and

a statement as to whether or not, in the
opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

SECTION 12.05. Rules by
Trustee and Agents. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying
Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.

SECTION 12.06. No
Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner
or stockholder of the Company or any Guarantors shall have any liability for any obligation of the Company or any Guarantors, respectively,
under the Notes, the Note Guarantees and this Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or
their creation; provided that the foregoing shall not limit any Guarantors obligations under its Note Guarantee. Each Holder
by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the
Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the Federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such
a waiver is against public policy.

SECTION 12.07. Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction and Service. THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE
ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE NOTE GUARANTEES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

-100-

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, the Company and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any federal or State court located in the Borough
of Manhattan in The City of New York, New York in any suit, action or proceeding based on or arising out of or relating to this Indenture
or any Notes and irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such suit or proceeding may be determined in any such court. The Company
and each Guarantor irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which they may have to the laying of the
venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company and each Guarantor agrees that final judgment
in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be conclusive and binding upon it, and may be enforced in any courts
to the jurisdiction of which it is subject by a suit upon such judgment; provided, that service of process is effected upon it
in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law. To the extent the Company or any Guarantor has or hereafter may acquire
any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution, executor or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, it hereby irrevocably waives such immunity
in respect of its obligations under this Indenture to the extent permitted by law.

SECTION 12.08. Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR
THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 12.09. Force
Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder
arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages,
accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions,
loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services.

SECTION 12.10. No
Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement
of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this
Indenture.

SECTION 12.11. Successors.
All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture
shall bind its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided
in Sections 10.06 and 10.07 hereof.

SECTION 12.12. Severability.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 12.13. Counterpart
Originals. This Indenture may be executed in two or more counterparts, which when so executed shall constitute one and the same agreement.
The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution
and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. The words
execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating
to this Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Indenture shall be deemed to include images of manually executed
signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or
jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign) and such signatures shall
be deemed to be original signatures for all purposes. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation,
any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal
effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic
Signatures and Records Act, and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

-101-

SECTION 12.14. Table
of Contents, Headings, etc. The Table of Contents and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture
have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and shall in no way modify or
restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

SECTION 12.15. U.S.A.
Patriot Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee, like
all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and
record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee.
The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee
to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act.

SECTION 12.16. FATCA
In order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or official interpretations thereof, and any intergovernmental
agreements and related laws, rules or regulations to implement any of the foregoing (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law) a foreign financial institution,
issuer, trustee, paying agent, holder or other institution is or has agreed to be subject to related to this Indenture, the Company and
Guarantors agree (i) to provide to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association sufficient information, to the extent it has such
information in its possession, about holders or other applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms
of such transactions) so U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association can determine whether it has tax related obligations under Applicable
Law, (ii) that U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments
under this Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law for which U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association shall
not have any liability, and (iii) to hold harmless U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association for any losses it may suffer due
to the actions it takes to comply with such Applicable Law, other than any loss suffered as a result of its own willful misconduct or
negligence. The terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Indenture.

[Signature Pages Follow]

-102-

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC., as
Company

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

WALKER & DUNLOP MULTIFAMILY, INC.,
as a Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

WALKER & DUNLOP, LLC, as a Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

WALKER & DUNLOP CAPITAL, LLC,
as a Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

W&D BE, INC., as a Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Signature page to
Indenture

WALKER & DUNLOP INVESTMENT SALES,
LLC, as a Guarantor

By: WALKER & DUNLOP, INC., as Manager

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Melody M. Scott

Name: Melody M. Scott

Title: Assistant Vice President

Signature page to Indenture

Exhibit A

FORM OF NOTE

[FACE OF NOTE]

[Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions
of the Indenture]

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the
provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the OID Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of
the Indenture]

A-1

CUSIP [ ]

ISIN [ ]1

[RULE 144A][REGULATION S] GLOBAL NOTE

6.625% Senior Notes due 2033

No. [Initially][$]

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.

Walker & Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland
corporation (the Company, which term includes any successor under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value
received, promises to pay to [][CEDE &
CO.], or its registered assigns, the principal sum [of United
States Dollars][as set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto] on April 1, 2033.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on [October 1,
2025]2

Record Dates: March 15 and September 15

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.

[Signature Page Follows]

1 Rule 144A Note CUSIP / ISIN: 93148P AA0 / US93148PAA03

Regulation S Note CUSIP / ISIN: U93111 AA7 / USU93111AA77

Unrestricted Global Note CUSIP / ISIN: [ ] / [ ]

2 With respect to the Initial Notes.

A-2

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be duly executed as of the [ ] day of [ ],
20[ ].

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.,

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-3

This is one of the 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033
referred to in the within mentioned Indenture:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized signatory

Date: [ ],
20[ ]

A-4

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

6.625% Senior Notes due 2033

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

1.INTEREST.
The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at 6.625% per annum until maturity. The Company shall pay interest
semiannually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding
Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date). Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which
interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from [March 14, 2025]3;
provided that the first Interest Payment Date shall be [October 1, 2025]4.
The Company shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and
premium, if any, from time to time on demand at the interest rate on the Notes; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest
in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) from
time to time on demand at the interest rate on the Notes. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve
30-day months.

2.METHOD
OF PAYMENT. The Company shall pay interest on the Notes to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on
March 15 and September 15 (each, a Record Date) (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next
preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date,
except as provided in the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Payment of interest will be made at the Trustees corporate
trust office in the United States; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with
respect to principal of and premium, if any, and interest on all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided
wire transfer instructions to the Company or the Paying Agent. Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of the United States of
America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

3.PAYING
AGENT AND REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent
and Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to the Holders. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries
may act in any such capacity.

4.INDENTURE.
The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Company,
the Guarantors party thereto, and the Trustee. This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of the Company designated as its
6.625% Senior Notes due 2033. The Company shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 4.09 of the Indenture.
The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision
of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

3 With
respect to the Initial Notes.

4 With
respect to the Initial Notes.

A-5

5.OPTIONAL
REDEMPTION.

(a)This
Note is subject to the optional redemption provisions set forth in Section 3.07 of the Indenture.

(b)Any
redemption pursuant to Section 3.07 of the Indenture shall be made pursuant to Sections 3.01 through 3.07 of the Indenture.

(c)In
addition to the Companys rights to redeem Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Company may at any time and
from time to time purchase Notes in open-market transactions, tender offers or otherwise.

6.MANDATORY
REDEMPTION. The Company shall not be required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. The Company
may acquire the Notes by means other than a redemption, whether by tender offer, exchange offer, open-market purchases, negotiated transactions
or otherwise.

7.OFFERS
TO REPURCHASE.

(a)Upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Company shall make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder
to purchase all or a portion of such Holders Notes (equal to a minimum denomination of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000
in excess of $2,000) at a purchase price equal to 101.0% of the principal amount of the Notes purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment). The Change of Control
Offer shall be made in accordance with Section 4.14 of the Indenture.

(b)If
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries consummates an Asset Sale, within 30 days after each date that the aggregate amount of Excess
Proceeds from such Asset Sales exceeds the greater of (x) $32.5 million and (y) 10.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, the
Company shall make an offer to all Holders of Notes and all holders of Pari Passu Debt containing provisions similar to those set forth
in the Indenture with respect to offers to purchase or redeem with the proceeds of sales of assets to purchase the maximum principal
amount of Notes and such Pari Passu Debt that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds (an Asset Sale Offer).
The offer price in any Asset Sale Offer shall be equal to 100.0% of the principal amount (or, in the case of any other Pari Passu Debt
offered at a significant original issue discount, 100.0% of the accreted value thereof, if permitted by the relevant indenture or other
agreement governing such Pari Passu Debt) plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase, and will
be payable in cash. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Company may use those Excess Proceeds
for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and Pari Passu Debt tendered into
such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Company shall determine the amount of the Notes and such Pari Passu
Debt to be purchased on a pro rata basis or as nearly a pro rata basis as is practicable (subject to the Applicable Procedures),
and the Company shall select the Notes to be repurchased on a pro rata basis, by lot or by such other method; provided
that if the Notes are in global form, interest in such global notes will be selected for purchase by DTC in accordance with its standard
procedures (with such adjustments as may be appropriate so that only Notes in minimum denominations of $2,000, or integral multiples
of $1,000 in excess of $2,000, shall be purchased). Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds shall be
reset at zero. Holders of Notes that are the subject of an offer to purchase will receive an Asset Sale Offer from the Company prior
to any related purchase date and may elect to have such Notes purchased by completing the form titled Option of Holder to Elect
Purchase attached to this Note. The Asset Sale Offer shall be made in accordance with Sections 3.09 and 4.10 of the Indenture.

A-6

8.DENOMINATIONS,
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess of $2,000. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar and
the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Company may
require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company need not exchange or register the
transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption or tendered (and not validly withdrawn) for purchase, except for the
unredeemed or unpurchased portion of any Note being redeemed or purchased in part. Also, the Company need not exchange or register the
transfer of any Notes for a period beginning at the opening of 15 days before the day of delivery of a notice of redemption of Notes
and ending at the close of business on the day of such delivery.

9.PERSONS
DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes.

10.AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. The Indenture, the Note Guarantees and the Notes may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture.

11.DEFAULTS
AND REMEDIES. The Events of Default relating to the Notes are defined in Section 6.01 of the Indenture.

12.AUTHENTICATION.
This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated by the
manual signature of the Trustee.

13.GOVERNING
LAW. THE NOTES, THE INDENTURE AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THE NOTES, THE
INDENTURE OR THE NOTE GUARANTEES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

14.CUSIP
AND ISIN NUMBERS. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company
has caused CUSIP numbers and ISIN numbers to be printed on the Notes and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers and ISIN numbers in notices
of redemption, Change of Control Offers and Asset Sale Offers as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the correctness
of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any such notice and reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption or repurchase pursuant to a Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer shall not
be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers.

15.NOTE
GUARANTEE. The Companys obligations under the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Company
and any Guarantors that execute a supplement to the Indenture, setting forth such Note Guarantee.

16.ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION. The Company shall furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be
made to the Company at the following address:

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Attention: Issa M. Bannourah

In the case of any conflict between this Note
and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and control.

A-7

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignee legal name) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint 

to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute
another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program
(or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-8

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased
by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, check the appropriate box below:

Section 4.10
Section 4.14

If you want to elect to have only part of this
Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, state the amount you elect to have
purchased:

$ 

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program
(or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-9

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL
NOTE*

The initial outstanding principal amount of this
Global Note is $. The following exchanges of a part of this Global
Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global or Definitive Note for
an interest in this Global Note, have been made:

Date
of

Exchange Amount
of

decrease in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note Amount
of

increase in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase Signature
of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee or Note

Custodian

*This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global
form.

A-10

Exhibit B

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Attention: Issa M. Bannourah

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

ATTN: Melody Scott

Three James Center

1051 East Cary Street, Suite 600

Richmond, VA 23219

Re: 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of March 14, 2025 (the Indenture), among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto
and the Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

(the Transferor) owns and proposes
to transfer the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $in such Note[s] or interests (the Transfer), to (the Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor
hereby certifies that:

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY]

1.
CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A. The
Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the beneficial interest or
Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive
Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such
Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting
the requirements of Rule 144A and such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the
United States.

2. CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE
OR A DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904
under the Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a
person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United States or such
Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside the United States or
(y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither such Transferor
nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed
selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S
under the Securities Act and (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the
Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial
interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

B-1

3.
CHECK AND COMPLETE IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY PROVISION OF THE
SECURITIES ACT OTHER THAN RULE 144A OR REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable
to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities
Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies
that (check one):

(a)
such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act;

or

(b)
such Transfer is being effected to the Company or a Subsidiary thereof;

or

(c)
such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

4.
CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE OR OF AN UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE.

(a) CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO RULE 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and
in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture
and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in
the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation
of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no
longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes,
on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

(b)
CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903
or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable
blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and
the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed
Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject
to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive
Notes and in the Indenture.

B-2

(c)
CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO OTHER EXEMPTION. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with
the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any State of the United States and
(ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain
compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred
beneficial interest or Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend
printed on the Restricted Global Notes or Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

This certificate and the statements contained
herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company.

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

B-3

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

1. The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following:

[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)]

(a)
a beneficial interest in the:

(i) 144A Global Note (CUSIP: [ ]), or

(ii) Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP: [ ]), or

(b)
a Restricted Definitive Note.

2.After
the Transfer the Transferee will hold:

[CHECK ONE]

(a)
a beneficial interest in the:

(i) 144A Global Note (CUSIP: [ ]), or

(ii) Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP: [ ]), or

(iii) Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP: [ ]);
or

(b)
a Restricted Definitive Note; or

(c)
an Unrestricted Definitive Note,

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

B-4

Exhibit C

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Attention: Issa M. Bannourah

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

ATTN: Melody Scott

Three James Center

1051 East Cary Street, Suite 600

Richmond, VA 23219

Re: 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of March 14, 2025 (the Indenture), among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto
and the Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

(the
Owner) owns and proposes to exchange the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified herein, in the principal
amount of $in such Note[s] or interests (the Exchange). In connection
with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that:

1)EXCHANGE
OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE FOR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS
IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE

a)
CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection
with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global
Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners
own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the
Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
(iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain
compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance
with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

b)
CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange
of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies
(i) the Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected
in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities
Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to
maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue
sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

C-1

c)
CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Owners
Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the
beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in
compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities
Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to
maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable
blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

d)
CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Owners Exchange of
a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note
is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the
transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance
with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities
laws of any state of the United States.

2)EXCHANGE
OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES FOR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS
IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES

a)
CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange
of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount,
the Owner hereby certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer.
Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Restricted Definitive Note issued will
continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive
Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

b)
CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Exchange
of the Owners Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in the [CHECK ONE] [ ] 144A Global Note [ ]
Regulation S Global Note, with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired
for the Owners own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions
applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable
blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend
printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

C-2

This certificate and the statements contained
herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company and are dated .

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

C-3

Exhibit D

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO BE DELIVERED
BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS

Supplemental Indenture (this
Supplemental Indenture), dated as of , by
and between (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary),
a subsidiary of Walker & Dunlop, Inc. and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee (the
Trustee).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, Walker & Dunlop, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (the Company), heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture),
dated as of March 14, 2025, providing for the issuance of 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes);

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain
circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing
Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Companys Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and
conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Note Guarantee); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the
Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for
the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

(1)Capitalized
Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

(2)Agreement
to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other documents
it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture, and acknowledges and agrees to (i) join and become
a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below; (ii) be bound by the Indenture, as of the date hereof, as if made
by, and with respect to, each signatory hereto; and (iii) perform all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to
the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Indenture, including, but not limited to, Article 10 and Section 4.15 thereof.

(3)Execution
and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Note Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the
absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Note Guarantee on the Notes.

(4)No
Recourse Against Others. No director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner or stockholder of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary
shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors (including the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), respectively,
under the Notes, the Note Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason
of, such obligations or their creation; provided that the foregoing shall not limit any Guarantors obligations under its
Note Guarantees. Each Holder by accepting Notes waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration
for issuance of the Notes.

D-1

(5)Governing
Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE,
WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(6)Counterpart
Originals. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in two or more counterparts, which when so executed shall constitute one and
the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or other electronic
format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) transmission shall constitute effective
execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture
for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this
Supplemental Indenture or in any document to be signed in connection with this Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed to include images
of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign) and such
signatures shall be deemed to be original signatures for all purposes. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including,
without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall
be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the
New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based
on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

(7)Effect
of Headings. The Sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered
a part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

(8)The
Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary.

(9)Benefits
Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements
contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Note Guarantee
are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.

(10)Successors.
All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise set forth
in this Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors.

[Signature Page Follows]

D-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

D-3

Exhibit E

FORM OF FREE TRANSFERABILITY CERTIFICATE

[Date]

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Attention: Issa M. Bannourah

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

ATTN: Melody Scott

Three James Center

1051 East Cary Street, Suite 600

Richmond, VA 23219

Re: 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of March 14, 2025 (the Indenture), among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto
and the Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

Whereas the 6.625% Senior Notes due 2033 (the
Notes) have become freely tradable without restrictions by non-affiliates of the Company pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1) under
the Securities Act, in accordance with Section 2.06(g)(v) of the Indenture, pursuant to which the Notes were issued, the Company
hereby instructs you that:

(i)the
Private Placement Legend described in Section 2.06(g)(i) of the Indenture and set forth on the Notes shall be deemed removed
from the Notes, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes and as provided in the Indenture, without further action on
the part of Holders; and

(ii)the
restricted CUSIP number and restricted ISIN number for the Notes shall be deemed removed from the Notes and replaced with the unrestricted
CUSIP number ([ ]) and unrestricted ISIN number ([ ]),
respectively, set forth therein, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes and as provided in the Indenture, without further
action on the part of Holders.

[Signature Pages Follow]

E-1

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of March 14, 2025,

by and among

WALKER &
DUNLOP, INC.,

as Borrower,

the Lenders referred to herein,

as Lenders,

and

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent,

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Sole Lead Arranger and Bookrunner for the Term Loan Facility

as Joint Lead Arranger for the Revolving Credit
Facility,

and

BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Joint Lead Arranger for the Revolving Credit
Facility

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1 Definitions 2

SECTION 1.2 Other Definitions and Provisions 48

SECTION 1.3 Accounting Terms 48

SECTION 1.4 UCC Terms 49

SECTION 1.5 Rounding 49

SECTION 1.6 References to Agreement and Laws 49

SECTION 1.7 Times of Day; Rates 50

SECTION 1.8 Guarantees 50

SECTION 1.9 Covenant Compliance Generally 50

SECTION 1.10 Divisions 50

SECTION 1.11 Limited Condition Acquisitions 50

SECTION 1.12 Certain Determinations 51

SECTION 1.13 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 52

SECTION 1.14 Letter of Credit Amounts 52

SECTION 1.15 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 53

ARTICLE II

Revolving Credit Facility

SECTION 2.1 Revolving Credit Loans 53

SECTION 2.2 Swingline Loans 53

SECTION 2.3 Procedure for Advances of Revolving Credit Loans 55

SECTION 2.4 Repayment and Prepayment of Revolving Credit and Swingline Loans 55

SECTION 2.5 Permanent Reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitment 57

SECTION 2.6 Termination of Revolving Credit Facility 57

ARTICLE III

Letter of Credit Facility

SECTION 3.1 General 57

SECTION 3.2 Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions 58

SECTION 3.3 Expiration Date 58

SECTION 3.4 Participations 59

SECTION 3.5 Reimbursement 59

SECTION 3.6 Obligations Absolute 60

SECTION 3.7 Disbursement Procedures 60

SECTION 3.8 Interim Interest 60

SECTION 3.9 Replacement and Resignation of an Issuing Bank 60

SECTION 3.10 Cash Collateralization 61

SECTION 3.11 Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries 61

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE IV

TERM LOAN FACILITY

SECTION 4.1 Initial Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans 62

SECTION 4.2 Procedure for Advance of Term Loans 62

SECTION 4.3 Repayment of Term Loans 63

SECTION 4.4 Prepayments of Term Loans 63

ARTICLE V

GENERAL LOAN PROVISIONS

SECTION 5.1 Interest 67

SECTION 5.2 Notice and Manner of Conversion or Continuation of Loans 68

SECTION 5.3 Fees 69

SECTION 5.4 Manner of Payment 70

SECTION 5.5 Evidence of Indebtedness 70

SECTION 5.6 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 71

SECTION 5.7 Funding by Lenders; Administrative Agents Clawback 71

SECTION 5.8 Alternate Rate of Interest 73

SECTION 5.9 Indemnity 75

SECTION 5.10 Increased Costs 75

SECTION 5.11 Taxes 76

SECTION 5.12 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 80

SECTION 5.13 Incremental Increases 81

SECTION 5.14 Defaulting Lenders 84

SECTION 5.15 Extension of Term Loan Maturity Date 86

SECTION 5.16 Extension of Revolving Credit Maturity Date 88

SECTION 5.17 Refinancing Amendments 89

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS OF CLOSING AND BORROWING

SECTION 6.1 Conditions to Closing and Initial Extensions of Credit 92

SECTION 6.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit 95

ARTICLE VII

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDIT PARTIES

SECTION 7.1 Organization; Power; Qualification 96

SECTION 7.2 Ownership; Voting Agreements 96

SECTION 7.3 Authorization; Enforceability 96

SECTION 7.4 Compliance of Agreement, Loan Documents and Borrowing with Laws, Etc. 96

SECTION 7.5 Compliance with Law; Governmental Approvals 97

SECTION 7.6 Tax Returns and Payments 97

SECTION 7.7 Intellectual Property Matters 97

-ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

SECTION 7.8 Environmental Matters 98

SECTION 7.9 Employee Benefit Matters 99

SECTION 7.10 Margin Stock 100

SECTION 7.11 Government Regulation 100

SECTION 7.12 Material Contracts 100

SECTION 7.13 Employee Relations 100

SECTION 7.14 Burdensome Provisions 100

SECTION 7.15 [Reserved] 101

SECTION 7.16 No Material Adverse Change 101

SECTION 7.17 Solvency 101

SECTION 7.18 Title to Properties 101

SECTION 7.19 Litigation 101

SECTION 7.20 Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Money Laundering; Anti-Corruption and Sanctions 101

SECTION 7.21 Absence of Defaults 101

SECTION 7.22 Disclosure 102

SECTION 7.23 Outbound Investment Rules 102

ARTICLE VIII

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 8.1 Financial Statements and Budgets 102

SECTION 8.2 Certificates; Other Reports 103

SECTION 8.3 Notice of Litigation and Other Matters 105

SECTION 8.4 Preservation of Corporate Existence and Related Matters 106

SECTION 8.5 Maintenance of Property and Licenses 106

SECTION 8.6 Insurance 106

SECTION 8.7 Accounting Methods and Financial Records 106

SECTION 8.8 Payment of Taxes and Other Obligations 106

SECTION 8.9 Compliance with Laws and Approvals 107

SECTION 8.10 Environmental Laws 107

SECTION 8.11 Compliance with ERISA 107

SECTION 8.12 Material Contracts 107

SECTION 8.13 Visits and Inspections; Appraisals 108

SECTION 8.14 Additional Subsidiaries 108

SECTION 8.15 Use of Proceeds 110

SECTION 8.16 Maintenance of Debt Ratings 110

SECTION 8.17 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; Beneficial Ownership Regulation, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 110

SECTION 8.18 Further Assurances 111

SECTION 8.19 Post-Closing Items 111

ARTICLE IX

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 9.1 Indebtedness 111

SECTION 9.2 Liens 114

-iii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

SECTION 9.3 Investments 116

SECTION 9.4 Fundamental Changes 118

SECTION 9.5 Asset Dispositions 119

SECTION 9.6 Restricted Payments 120

SECTION 9.7 Transactions with Affiliates 121

SECTION 9.8 Accounting Changes; Organizational Documents 121

SECTION 9.9 Payments and Modifications of Junior Indebtedness 121

SECTION 9.10 No Further Negative Pledges; Restrictive Agreements 122

SECTION 9.11 Nature of Business 123

SECTION 9.12 Amendments of Material Contracts 123

SECTION 9.13 [Reserved] 124

SECTION 9.14 Financial Covenant Asset Coverage Ratio 124

SECTION 9.15 Voting Agreements 124

SECTION 9.16 Special Covenant Regarding Excluded Subsidiaries 124

SECTION 9.17 Outbound Investment Rules 124

ARTICLE X

SPECIAL PROVISIONS REGARDING AGENCY MATTERS

SECTION 10.1 Special Representations, Warranties and Covenants Concerning Eligibility as Seller/Issuer and Service of Mortgage Loans 125

SECTION 10.2 Special Representations, Warranties and Covenants Concerning Agency Agreements 125

SECTION 10.3 Special Representation, Warranty and Covenant with respect to Fannie Mae Program Reserve Requirements 125

SECTION 10.4 Special Provisions Regarding Agency Collateral 125

ARTICLE XI

DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

SECTION 11.1 Events of Default 127

SECTION 11.2 Remedies 129

SECTION 11.3 Rights and Remedies Cumulative; Non-Waiver; Etc. 130

SECTION 11.4 Crediting of Payments and Proceeds 130

SECTION 11.5 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 131

SECTION 11.6 Credit Bidding 132

SECTION 11.7 Fannie Mae Limitations 132

SECTION 11.8 Freddie Mac Limitations 132

SECTION 11.9 Ginnie Mae Limitations 132

ARTICLE XII

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

SECTION 12.1 Appointment and Authority 133

SECTION 12.2 Rights as a Lender and an Issuing Bank 133

-iv- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

SECTION 12.3 Exculpatory Provisions 134

SECTION 12.4 Reliance by the Administrative Agent 135

SECTION 12.5 Delegation of Duties 135

SECTION 12.6 Resignation of Administrative Agent 135

SECTION 12.7 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 136

SECTION 12.8 No Other Duties, Etc. 137

SECTION 12.9 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 137

SECTION 12.10 Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements 138

SECTION 12.11 Acknowledgement of Lenders and Issuing Banks 138

SECTION 12.12 Borrower Communications 140

ARTICLE XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 13.1 Notices 141

SECTION 13.2 Amendments, Waivers and Consents 144

SECTION 13.3 Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability 148

SECTION 13.4 Right of Setoff 150

SECTION 13.5 Governing Law; Jurisdiction, Etc. 150

SECTION 13.6 Waiver of Jury Trial 151

SECTION 13.7 Reversal of Payments 151

SECTION 13.8 Injunctive Relief 151

SECTION 13.9 Successors and Assigns; Participations 151

SECTION 13.10 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 156

SECTION 13.11 Performance of Duties 157

SECTION 13.12 All Powers Coupled with Interest 157

SECTION 13.13 Survival 157

SECTION 13.14 Titles and Captions 157

SECTION 13.15 Severability of Provisions 157

SECTION 13.16 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 158

SECTION 13.17 Term of Agreement 159

SECTION 13.18 USA PATRIOT Act; Anti-Money Laundering Laws 159

SECTION 13.19 Independent Effect of Covenants 159

SECTION 13.20 Inconsistencies with Other Documents 159

SECTION 13.21 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 160

SECTION 13.22 Amendment and Restatement; No Novation 160

SECTION 13.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 161

SECTION 13.24 Certain ERISA Matters 161

SECTION 13.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 162

SECTION 13.26 Limitation of Fannie Maes Agency Consent 163

SECTION 13.27 Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement 163

-v- 

EXHIBITS 

Form of:

Exhibit A-1 - Revolving Credit Note

Exhibit A-2 - Swingline Note

Exhibit A-3 - Term Loan Note

Exhibit B - Notice of Prepayment

Exhibit C - Officers Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D - Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit E-1 - U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Non-Partnership Foreign Lenders)

Exhibit E-2 - U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Non-Partnership Foreign Participants)

Exhibit E-3 - U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participant Partnerships)

Exhibit E-4 - U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lender Partnerships)

Exhibit F - Auction Procedures

Exhibit G - Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement

SCHEDULES

Schedule 1.1 - Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae and FHA/HUD Agreements

Schedule 1.2 - Commitments and Commitment Percentages

Schedule 6.1 - Investors

Schedule 7.1 - Jurisdictions of Organization and Qualification

Schedule 7.2 - Subsidiaries and Capitalization

Schedule 7.6 - Tax Matters

Schedule 7.9 - ERISA Plans

Schedule 7.12 - Material Contracts

Schedule 7.13 - Labor and Collective Bargaining Agreements

Schedule 7.18 - Real Property

Schedule 8.19 - Post-Closing Items

Schedule 9.1 - Existing Indebtedness 

Schedule 9.2 - Existing Liens

Schedule 9.3 - Existing Loans, Advances and Investments

Schedule 9.7 - Transactions with Affiliates

-vi- 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 14, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and among WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.,
a Maryland corporation, as the Borrower, the lenders who are party to this Agreement and the lenders who may become a party to this Agreement
pursuant to the terms hereof, as Lenders, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., a national banking association, as Administrative Agent for the
Lenders.

STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

WHEREAS,
the Borrower, the Lenders under and as defined in the Original Credit Agreement (as defined below) (the Original Credit Agreement
Lenders) and JPMorgan, as administrative agent, entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16,
2021 (as amended by Amendment No.1, dated as of January 12, 2023, as further amended by Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 22,
2024, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Closing Date, the Original
Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the
Initial Term Loan Lenders party hereto on the Closing Date have agreed to extend Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date to the Borrower
in an aggregate principal amount equal to $450,000,000, in each case, as set forth herein;

WHEREAS,
the Term Loan Lenders party hereto on the Closing Date have made and are willing to make the requested Initial Term Loans available on
the terms and conditions set forth herein;

WHEREAS, the proceeds of the
Initial Term Loans and a portion of the proceeds of the Senior Notes (as hereinafter defined) on the Closing Date, will be used, among
other things, to finance (i) the Original Credit Agreement Refinancing (as hereinafter defined) and (ii) Transaction Costs (as
herein defined);

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has requested that the Original Credit Agreement be amended and restated and be replaced in its entirety with this Agreement
without constituting a novation of any indebtedness or other obligations owing to the Original Credit Agreement Lenders or the
Administrative Agent under the Original Credit Agreement based on facts or events occurring or existing prior to the execution and delivery
of this Agreement;

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the
Revolving Credit Lenders have agreed to extend a revolving credit facility to the Borrower on or after the Closing Date in an aggregate
principal amount of $50,000,000; and

WHEREAS,
the Original Credit Agreement Lenders party hereto, constituting all of the Original Credit Agreement Lenders immediately prior to the
Closing Date, have consented to the amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement in the form hereof on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, such parties hereby agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1Definitions.
The following terms when used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them below:

ABR
Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the ABR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

ABR Loan
means a Loan bearing interest based upon the Alternate Base Rate.

Administrative
Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent hereunder, and any successor thereto appointed
pursuant to Section 12.6.

Administrative
Agents Office means the office of the Administrative Agent specified in or determined in accordance with the provisions
of Section 13.1(c).

Administrative
Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or
is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agency
means Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, FHA, or HUD.

Agency Agreements
means, singly and collectively, the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Freddie Mac Agreements, the Ginnie Mae Agreements, and the FHA/HUD Agreements.

Agency Collateral
means, singly and collectively, the Fannie Mae Collateral, the Freddie Mac Collateral, the Ginnie Mae Collateral, and the FHA/HUD Collateral,
respectively.

Agency Consents
means, singly and collectively, (i) the written consent (and in the case of Ginnie Mae and HUD, acknowledgement), in form and substance
satisfactory to the Arranger, of each of Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae and HUD (which in the case of Ginnie Mae and HUD is a limited acknowledgment
and is expressly not a consent) and (ii) the certificate regarding amendment pursuant to that certain approval letter dated as of
December 13, 2021, in form and substance satisfactory to the Arranger, of Freddie Mac, provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant
to Section 6.1(d), in each case as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Agency Designated
Loans means, singly and collectively, the Fannie Mae Designated Loans, the Freddie Mac Designated Loans, the Ginnie Mae Designated
Loans, and, as may be applicable, the FHA/HUD Loans, respectively.

Agency Repurchase
Indebtedness means any Indebtedness representing obligations to repurchase Mortgage Loans from an Agency under the terms of
the relevant Agency Agreements.

2

Agency Security
Interest means, singly and collectively, the Fannie Mae Security Interest, the Freddie Mac Security Interest, the Ginnie Mae
Security Interest, and the FHA/HUD Security Interest, respectively.

Agent Parties
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.1(e)(ii).

Agreement
has the meaning assigned thereto in the preamble to this Agreement.

Alternate Base
Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the
NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1.00% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the
immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00%; provided that for the purpose of this definition,
the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day
(or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference
Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR Rate shall
be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, respectively.
If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 5.8 (for the avoidance of doubt,
only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 5.8), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be
the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance
of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be
1.00% for purposes of this Agreement.

Ancillary
Document has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.16(b).

Ancillary
Fees has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.2(j).

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to
time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and the rules and regulations
thereunder.

Anti-Money Laundering
Laws means any and all laws, statutes, regulations or obligatory government orders, decrees, ordinances or rules applicable
to a Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates related to terrorism financing or money laundering, including any applicable provision
of the PATRIOT Act and The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C.
5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959).

Anti-Terrorism
Laws has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.20.

Applicable Law
means all applicable provisions of constitutions, laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, treaties, regulations, permits, licenses, approvals,
interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities and all orders and decrees of all courts and arbitrators.

3

Applicable Margin
means:

(a)with
respect to any Term Loan, (i) initially, (x) 1.00%, in the case of ABR Loans and (y) 2.00%, in the case of Term SOFR Rate
Loans and (ii) from and after the date on which the Borrower delivers the financial statements for the first full fiscal quarter
ending after the Closing Date, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Term Benchmark Loans and
ABR Loans based upon the Consolidated Corporate Leverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently ended period of four
consecutive fiscal quarters for which financial statements have been or were required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or
(b):

Level Consolidated

Corporate Leverage

Ratio Term
Benchmark

Loans ABR
Loans

I >
2.00 to 1.00 2.00% 1.00%

II <
2.00 to 1.00 1.75% 0.75%

and

(b)with
respect to any Revolving Credit Loan, (x) 0.75%, in the case of ABR Loans, (y) 1.75%, in the case of Term SOFR Rate Loans and
(z) 1.75%, in the case of RFR Loans.

For
purposes of this definition, each change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Consolidated Corporate Leverage
Ratio shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the date that is three (3) Business Days after the date
of delivery to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or 8.1(b) of the Consolidated
financial statements indicating such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change; provided
that the Consolidated Corporate Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be in Level I at the option of the Administrative Agent or at the
request of the Required Lenders if the Borrower fails to deliver the Consolidated financial statements required to be delivered by
it pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or 8.1(b) or the certificate required to be delivered by it pursuant to Section 8.2
during the period from the expiration of the time for delivery thereof until such Consolidated financial statements and such
certificate are delivered. The Applicable Margin shall be increased as, and to the extent, required by Section 5.13.

Applicable Maturity
Date means (a) with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (b) with
respect to the Initial Term Loans, the Term Loan Maturity Date or (c) with respect to any Incremental Term Loan (if any), the date
as determined pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 5.13.

Applicable Parties
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.12(c).

Appraised Value
means, with respect to the Servicing Contracts at any time, the value thereof set forth in the most recent appraisals received in accordance
with Section 8.13(b); provided that if such appraisal shall indicate a range of value, the mid-point of such range
shall be the Appraised Value.

Approved Bank
has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Cash Equivalents.

Approved Borrower
Portal has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.12(a).

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Arranger
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and bookrunner.

4

Asset Coverage
Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) the then applicable Appraised Value
of all Qualifying Mortgage Servicing Rights of WDLLC and WD Capital on such date plus (ii) all Unrestricted Cash of the Credit
Parties held in the United States (excluding any assets securing any Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness or any Permitted
Funding Collateral) to (b) Consolidated Secured Indebtedness on such date.

Asset Disposition
means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition of any Property (including any disposition of Equity Interests and any
transfer or disposition by way of statutory division) by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) thereof
(or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing). The term Asset Disposition shall not include
(a) the sale of inventory (other than Servicing Contracts and Mortgage Loans) in the ordinary course of business, (b) the transfer
of assets to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to any other transaction permitted pursuant to Section 9.4
(other than clause (e) thereof), (c) the write-off, discount, sale or other disposition of defaulted or past-due receivables
and similar obligations in the ordinary course of business and not undertaken as part of an accounts receivable financing transaction,
(d) the disposition of any Hedge Agreement, (e) dispositions of Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents and (f) the transfer
by any Credit Party of its assets to any other Credit Party.

Assignment and
Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party
whose consent is required by Section 13.9), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form attached
as Exhibit D or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by
the Administrative Agent.

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date of determination, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof
that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any
Synthetic Lease, the capitalized amount or principal amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear
on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease
Obligation.

Availability Period
means the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the earlier of (x) the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and
(y) the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Letter of Credit Commitments and the Swingline Commitment,
as applicable.

Available
Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount not less than zero, determined on a cumulative basis equal
to, without duplication:

(a)$285,000,000;
plus

the
greater of (x) $85,000,000 and (y) 25.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, plus

(b)50%
of cumulative amount of Consolidated Corporate Net Income for the period (taken as one accounting period) commencing on the first day
of the fiscal quarter in which the Closing Date occurs and ending on the last day of the most recently ended period of four consecutive
fiscal quarters for which financial statements have been or were required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or
(b); provided that in no event shall such amount be less than zero, plus

5

(c)the
aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower (other than from a Subsidiary) from the sale or issuance of Qualified
Equity Interests of the Borrower after the Closing Date and on or prior to such time (including upon exercise of warrants or options),
plus

(d)the
aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary and other than from
a Subsidiary) from Indebtedness (other than Junior Indebtedness) after the Closing Date converted to or exchanged for Qualified Equity
Interests of the Borrower, plus

(e)the
amounts received in cash or Cash Equivalents by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) from any distribution,
dividend, profit, return of capital, repayment of loans or upon the disposition of any Investment, or otherwise received from an Excluded
Subsidiary (including the amounts received in cash or Cash Equivalents from any disposition or issuance of Equity Interests of an Excluded
Subsidiary), in each case, to the extent received in respect of an Investment (including the designation of an Excluded Subsidiary) made
in reliance on Section 9.3(k) and, in each case, not to exceed the original amount of such Investment, plus

(f)the
fair market value of the Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) made in any Excluded Subsidiary
pursuant to Section 9.3(k) at the time it is redesignated as or merged into a Subsidiary pursuant to Section 8.14(d)(ii) (in
each case, not to exceed the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of such Investments made in such Excluded
Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation or merger), minus

(g)the
aggregate amount of all (i) Investments made pursuant to Section 9.3(k), (ii) Restricted Payments made pursuant
to Section 9.6(d) and (iii) payments and prepayments of Junior Indebtedness made pursuant to Section 9.9(b)(iv),
in each case, after the Closing Date and on or prior to such time.

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or
component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable,
that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency
of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 5.8.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from
time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of
the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates
(other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Benchmark
means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan, Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate; provided
that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Daily Simple SOFR
or the Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement
to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 5.8.

6

Benchmark
Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the
Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1)the
sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(2)the
sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation
of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated
syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If the Benchmark Replacement
as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to
be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement the spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection
or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical,
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business
Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period,
the definition of Interest Payment Date, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing
of Notices of Borrowing or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage
provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect
the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not
administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark
exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

7

Benchmark
Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such
then-current Benchmark:

(1)in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(2)in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or component thereof), have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference
to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or,
if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), continues to be provided on such
date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in
respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with
respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect
to such then-current Benchmark:

(1)a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased
or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is
a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

8

(3)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term
rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer
be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark
Replacement Date pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has
replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 5.8
and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and
under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 5.8.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title
I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies,
and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k))
of such party.

Borrower
means Walker & Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland corporation.

Borrower Materials
means the materials and/or information provided on or behalf of the Borrower hereunder and made available to the Lenders by the Administrative
Agent and/or the Arranger by posting on the Platform or an Approved Borrower Portal.

Borrower Communications
means, collectively, any Notice of Borrowing, Notice of Conversion/Continuation, Notice of Prepayment, notice requesting the issuance,
amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided
by or on behalf of any Credit Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the
Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal.

Borrowing
means Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans,
as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.

9

Business
Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided
that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day
(a) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR
Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate
settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of
such Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate.

Capital Expenditures
means, with respect to the Credit Parties on a Consolidated basis, for any period, (a) the additions to property, plant and equipment
and other capital expenditures that are (or would be) set forth in a consolidated statement of cash flows of such Person for such period
prepared in accordance with GAAP and (b) Capital Lease Obligations during such period, but excluding any acquisition of all or substantially
all of the assets, assets consisting of a business, line of business, unit or division or any Equity Interests of any other Person.

Capital Lease Obligations
of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the
right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for
as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof
determined in accordance with GAAP.

Cash Equivalents
means (a) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof
having maturities of not more than twelve months from the date of acquisition (Government Obligations), (b) Dollar
denominated (or foreign currency fully hedged) time deposits, certificates of deposit, Eurodollar time deposits and Eurodollar certificates
of deposit of (y) any domestic commercial bank of recognized standing having capital and surplus in excess of $250,000,000 or (z) any
bank whose short-term commercial paper rating from S&P is at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof or from Moodys is at least
P-1 or the equivalent thereof (any such bank being an Approved Bank), in each case with maturities of not more than
364 days from the date of acquisition, (c) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated A-1 (or the equivalent thereof)
or better by S&P or P-1 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys and maturing within twelve months of the date of acquisition
(other than paper or notes issued by the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower), (d)repurchase agreements with a bank
or trust company (including a Lender) or a recognized securities dealer having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000 for direct
obligations issued by or fully guaranteed by the United States, (e) obligations of any state of the United States or any political
subdivision thereof for the payment of the principal and redemption price of and interest on which there shall have been irrevocably
deposited Government Obligations maturing as to principal and interest at times and in amounts sufficient to provide such payment, and
(f) Dollar denominated time and demand deposit accounts or money market accounts with those domestic banks meeting the requirements
of item (y) or (z) of clause (b) above and any other domestic commercial banks insured by the FDIC with an aggregate balance
not to exceed in the aggregate at any time at any such bank such amount as may be fully insured by the FDIC from time to time.

Cash Management
Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit
card (including non-card electronic payables and purchasing cards), electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements.

Cash Management
Bank means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement with a Credit Party after the Closing
Date, is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or
the Arranger, or (b) is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or an Affiliate of the
Administrative Agent or the Arranger that is a party to a Cash Management Agreement with a Credit Party on the Closing Date.

10

Change
in Control means, at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its Subsidiaries, and any person or entity
acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be
deemed to have beneficial ownership of all Equity Interests that such person or group has the
right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than
forty percent (40%) of the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote in the election of members of the board of directors (or
equivalent governing body) of the Borrower.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule,
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or
issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the
date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued.

Class
means, when used in reference to (a) any Loan, whether such Loan is a Revolving Credit Loan, Swingline Loan or Term Loan,
(b) any Commitment, whether such Commitment is a Revolving Credit Commitment or a Term Loan Commitment, and (c) any Lender,
whether such Lender is a Revolving Credit Lender or a Term Loan Lender. Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans, Refinancing Term
Loans and Replacement Revolving Credit Facilities that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in different Classes.

Closing Date
means March 14, 2025, the date of this Agreement.

CME
Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator).

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
means the collateral security for the Secured Obligations pledged or granted pursuant to the Security Documents.

Collateral Account
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.10(a).

Collateral Agreement
means the Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement of even date herewith executed by the Credit Parties in favor of the
Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties.

Commitment Fee
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.3(b).

11

Commitment Percentage
means, as to any Lender, such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage or Term Loan Percentage, as applicable.

Commitments
means, collectively, as to all Lenders, the Revolving Credit Commitments and Term Loan Commitments of such Lenders.

Commodity Exchange
Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended.

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated
means, when used with reference to financial statements or financial statement items of any Person, such statements or items on a consolidated
basis in accordance with applicable principles of consolidation under GAAP.

Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA means, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Credit
Parties in accordance with GAAP: (a) Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum of the following,
without duplication, to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such period: (i) income and franchise
taxes, (ii) Consolidated Corporate Interest Expense, (iii) amortization, depreciation and other non-cash charges (including
any non-cash charges with respect to the write-off of Servicing Contracts) (except to the extent that such non-cash charges are reserved
for cash charges to be taken in the future), (iv) extraordinary losses (excluding extraordinary losses from discontinued operations),
(v) provisions for at-risk sharing obligations related solely to Fannie Mae Mortgage Loans pursuant to any Fannie Mae Program or
any comparable loss sharing arrangement permitted pursuant to Section 9.1(k) in an aggregate amount not to exceed ten
percent (10%) of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (determined without reference to this clause (b)(v)) for such period and (vi) Transaction
Costs less (c) the sum of the following, without duplication, to the extent included in determining Consolidated Corporate
Net Income for such period: (i) interest income on cash or Cash Equivalents and other financing activities outside the ordinary
course of business, (ii) any extraordinary gains, (iii) non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Corporate Net Income, (iv) capitalized
amounts attributable to origination of Servicing Contract rights and (v) any cash loan loss expenses not otherwise deducted or excluded
from the determination of Consolidated Corporate Net Income. For purposes of this Agreement, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall (x) be
adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis and (y) not include any net income (or loss) attributable to Excluded Subsidiaries, except to the
extent provided in the definition of Consolidated Corporate Net Income.

Consolidated Corporate
Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination with respect to the Credit Parties on a Consolidated basis without duplication,
the sum of all Indebtedness of the Credit Parties which shall exclude (a) any Non-Recourse Indebtedness to the extent not constituting
Excess Permitted Guarantees, (b) any Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness and (c) any trade payables
incurred in the ordinary course on customary trade terms and shall include all Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness. For
purposes of determining the Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness at any time, all earn-out obligations of any Credit Party shall not be
included irrespective of whether such earn-out obligation is contingent or whether such obligation is indebtedness or a liability for
purposes of GAAP.

Consolidated Corporate
Interest Expense means, for any period, determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Credit Parties in
accordance with GAAP, interest expense (including, without limitation, interest expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations and
all net payment obligations pursuant to Hedge Agreements) for such period, but excluding any Consolidated Interest Expense with respect
to Non-Recourse Indebtedness, Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness.

12

Consolidated Corporate
Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness on such date
to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recent Test Period ending on or immediately prior to such date.

Consolidated Corporate
Net Income means, for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Credit Parties for such period, determined on a Consolidated
basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP; provided, that in calculating such net income (or loss) for any period, there
shall be excluded (a) the net income (or loss) of any Excluded Subsidiary or any Subsidiary of a Credit Party or any other Person
in which any Credit Party has a joint interest with a third party, in each case except to the extent such net income is actually paid
in cash to a Credit Party by dividend or other distribution during such period (net of any taxes payable on such dividends or distributions),
(b) the net income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Credit Party or is merged into or consolidated
with a Credit Party or that Persons assets are acquired by a Credit Party except to the extent included pursuant to the foregoing
clause (a), (c) any gain or loss from any sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition of Property during such period
and (d) non-cash stock-based award compensation expenses.

Consolidated Interest
Expense means, for any period, determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
in accordance with GAAP, interest expense (including, without limitation, interest expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations
and all net payment obligations pursuant to Hedge Agreements) for such period.

Consolidated
Net Corporate Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Consolidated
Corporate Indebtedness minus (b) Unrestricted Cash of the Credit Parties on such date, in each case determined on
a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Net
Corporate Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Net Corporate Indebtedness
on such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recent Test Period ending on or immediately prior to such date.

Consolidated
Net Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Consolidated
Secured Indebtedness minus (b) Unrestricted Cash of the Credit Parties on such date, in each case determined on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Net
Secured Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness
on such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recent Test Period ending on or immediately prior to such date.

Consolidated Secured
Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Corporate Indebtedness
that is secured by a Lien on any assets of the Credit Parties.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Corresponding Tenor
with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately
the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

13

Covered Entity
means any of the following:

(i)a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii)a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii)a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered
Party has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.25.

Credit Facility
means, collectively, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facility, the Swingline Facility and the Letter of Credit Facility.

Credit Parties
means, collectively, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such
day, a SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if
such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case,
as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that if Daily Simple SOFR
as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Any change in Daily Simple
SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower.
If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR
Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website
and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will
be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the
SOFR Administrators Website.

Debt Issuance
means the issuance of any Indebtedness for borrowed money by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries).

Debt Rating
means, as applicable, (a) the corporate family rating of the Borrower as determined by Moodys from time to time, (b) the
corporate rating of the Borrower as determined by S&P from time to time and (c) the ratings of the Term Loan Facility as determined
by Moodys and/or S&P from time to time.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United
States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
means any of the events specified in Section 11.1 which with the passage of time, the giving of notice or any other condition,
would constitute an Event of Default.

Default Rights
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable.

14

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 5.14(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of the Revolving
Credit Loans or any Term Loan required to be funded by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required
to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result
of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with
any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in
respect of participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has
notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply
with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates
to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination
that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified
in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request
by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with
its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this
clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct
or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed
for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with
reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the FDIC or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting
in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender
solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof
by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction
of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or
such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination
by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 5.14(b))
upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender.

Disqualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interests that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which
they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) mature or are mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result
of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset
sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the
termination of the Commitments), (b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity
Interests) (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that
are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), in whole or in part, (c) provide for the scheduled payment of dividends
in cash or (d) are or become convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is 91 days after the latest scheduled
maturity date of the Loans and Commitments; provided that if such Equity Interests is issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit
of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity
Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory
or regulatory obligations.

15

Dollars
or $ means, unless otherwise qualified, dollars in lawful currency of the United States.

Domestic Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Dutch Auction
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.9(g).

ECF Percentage
means, for any Excess Cash Flow Period or Fiscal Year, as the case may be, (a) 50%, if the Asset Coverage Ratio as of the last day
of such Excess Cash Flow Period or Fiscal Year, as the case may be, is less than 1.50 to 1.00 and (b) 0%, if the Asset Coverage
Ratio as of the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period or Fiscal Year, as the case may be, is greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary
of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution
Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA
Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective Yield
means, as to any Indebtedness, the effective interest rate with respect thereto as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent
in consultation with the Borrower and consistent with generally accepted financial practices, it being agreed that (x) arrangement,
commitment, structuring, underwriting, advisory, ticking, unused line, call protection, prepayment premium, consent and amendment fees,
or any similar fees payable in connection with the commitment or syndication of such Indebtedness paid or payable to any of the applicable
arrangers, advisors or other agents (or their respective affiliates) in their respective capacities as such in connection with the applicable
Indebtedness, as applicable (whether or not such fees are paid to or shared in whole or in part with any lenders thereunder), and any
other fees that are not generally paid to all lenders (or their respective affiliates) ratably with respect to such loans or such facility
and that are paid or payable in connection with such loans or such facility, shall be excluded, (y) original issue discount and
upfront fees paid or payable to the lenders thereunder shall be included (with original issue discount and upfront fees being equated
to interest based on assumed four-year life to maturity (or, if less, the remaining life to maturity) without any present value discount)
and (z) to the extent that the Term SOFR Rate for a three month interest period on the closing date of any such Incremental Term
Loan Commitment is (A) less than the then-applicable interest rate floor, the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to
the interest margin for the applicable existing Term Loans, solely for the purpose of determining whether an increase in the interest
rate margins for the applicable existing Term Loans shall be required and (B) less than the interest rate floor, if any, applicable
to any such Incremental Term Loans, the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to the interest rate margins for such Incremental
Term Loans solely for such purpose; provided that, to the extent any increase in interest rate margin would be required pursuant
to the foregoing provisions, solely on account of clause (B) immediately above, such increase shall be effected solely by way
of an increase in the Term SOFR Rate floor instead of an increase in the Applicable Margin).

16

Electronic Signature
means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with
the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

Eligible Assignee
means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Sections 13.9(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) (subject
to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 13.9(b)(iii)).

Employee Benefit
Plan means (a) any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is maintained for
employees of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate or (b) any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan that has at any time within the
preceding seven (7) years been maintained, funded or administered for the employees of any Credit Party or any current or former
ERISA Affiliate.

Environmental Claims
means any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, accusations, allegations,
notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations (other than internal reports prepared by any Person in the ordinary course of business
and not in response to any third party action or request of any kind) or proceedings relating in any way to any actual or alleged violation
of or liability under any Environmental Law or relating to any permit issued, or any approval given, under any such Environmental Law,
including, without limitation, any and all claims by Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or
other actions or damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from Hazardous Materials
or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to public health or the environment.

Environmental Laws
means any and all federal, foreign, state, provincial and local laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules, standards and regulations,
permits, licenses, approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities, relating to the protection of public
health or the environment, including, but not limited to, requirements pertaining to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, handling, reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation or remediation of Hazardous Materials.

Equity Interests
means (a) in the case of a corporation, capital stock, (b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares,
interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock, (c) in the case of a partnership,
partnership interests (whether general or limited), (d) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests, (e) any
other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions
of assets of, the issuing Person and (f) any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing.

Equity Issuance
means any issuance by the Borrower of common shares of its Equity Interests to any Person that is not a Credit Party (including, without
limitation, in connection with the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of any debt securities to equity).

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any Person who together with any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is treated as a single employer within the meaning of
Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA.

17

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor thereto), as
in effect from time to time.

Event of Default
means any of the events specified in Section 11.1; provided that any requirement for passage of time, giving of notice,
or any other condition, has been satisfied.

Excess Cash Flow
means, for the Credit Parties on a Consolidated basis, in accordance with GAAP for any Excess Cash Flow Period:

(a)the
sum, without duplication, of (i) Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period, (ii) an amount equal to
the amount of all non-cash charges to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow
Period, (iii) the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Corporate Net Income of the Credit Parties for such
Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent it exceeds the amount of cash taxes (including penalties and interest) paid or tax reserves set
aside or payable (without duplication) in such Excess Cash Flow Period and (iv) decreases in Working Capital for such Excess Cash
Flow Period, minus

(b)the
sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate amount of cash (A) actually paid by the Credit Parties during such Excess Cash
Flow Period on account of Capital Expenditures and Permitted Acquisitions (including any earnouts paid in connection with such Permitted
Acquisitions) and (B) Investments and Restricted Payments made during such Excess Cash Flow Period (in each case under this clause
(i) other than to the extent any such Capital Expenditure, Permitted Acquisition or other Investment or Restricted Payment is made
or is expected to be made with the proceeds of Indebtedness of the Credit Parties (other than revolving indebtedness)), (ii) the
aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness of any Credit Party (including (x) the principal component of payments
in respect of Capital Lease Obligations and (y) the amount of any prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.3,
4.4(b)(ii) or 4.4(b)(iii) (to the extent the Asset Disposition or Insurance and Condemnation Event giving rise
to such mandatory prepayment increased Consolidated Corporate Net Income) (but excluding all other prepayments of the Term Loans) made
in cash by the Credit Parties during such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than in respect of any revolving credit facility to the extent
there is not an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder)), except to the extent financed with the proceeds of other
Indebtedness of the Credit Parties (other than revolving indebtedness), (iii) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits
and other non-cash items, in each case, to the extent included in determining Consolidated Corporate Net Income for such Excess Cash
Flow Period (including, without limitation, capitalized amounts attributable to origination of Servicing Contract rights), (iv) the
amount of cash taxes (including penalties and interest) paid or tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) by the Credit
Parties in such Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Corporate
Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period and (v) increases to Working Capital for such Excess Cash Flow Period.

Excess Cash Flow
Period means each fiscal quarter of the Borrower beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025.

Excess Permitted
Guarantees means any Permitted Guarantee to the extent that the value of such Guarantee (as determined in accordance with
Section 1.8) exceeds the Realizable Value of the assets that are subject to a Lien securing the Indebtedness that is the
subject of such Permitted Guarantee.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 77 et seq.), as amended.

18

Excluded Information
means any non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities to the extent
such information could have a material effect upon, or otherwise be material to, an assigning Term Loan Lenders decision to assign
Term Loans or a purchasing Term Loan Lenders decision to purchase Term Loans.

Excluded Subsidiary
means each of the following:

(a)each
of W&D Interim Lender, LLC, W&D Interim Lender II, LLC, W&D Interim Lender III, Inc., W&D Interim Lender IV, LLC,
W&D Interim Lender V, Inc., W&D Interim Lender VI, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Mortgage Manager LLC, Walker &
Dunlop Commercial Property Funding, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Property Funding I, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial
Property Funding I WF, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Property Funding I CS, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Commercial Property
Funding I CB, LLC, Walker & Dunlop Investment Management, LLC, WD-ILP JV Investor, LLC (formerly known as WD-BXMT JV Investor,
LLC), Walker & Dunlop Investment Partners, Inc. (formerly known as JCR Capital Investment Corporation; and various entities
controlled or majority owned directly/indirectly by Walker & Dunlop Investment Partners, Inc.), JCR Capital Investment
Company, LLC (and various fund entities controlled or majority owned directly/indirectly by JCR Capital Investment Company, LLC), Enodo, Inc.,
W&D KBP, LLC, W&D ETE, LLC, WD-IC JV GP LLC, WD-IC JV Investor, LLC, WDIS WA, LLC, WDIB-Investor, LLC, WDIB, LLC, Zelman Partners,
LLC, WDAAC, LLC (and various entities controlled or majority owned directly/ indirectly by WDAAC, LLC), W&D STCI, LLC, W&D RPS
HoldCo, LLC, WD-GTE, LLC, GeoPhy B.V., GeoPhy Inc, WD-Geophy HoldCo, LLC, WD-GeoPhy CRE Valuation LLC, WD-KA JV Investor LLC, WDIS, Inc,
WD-Alliant TCBI, LLC, 2388 North Main Street, LLC, Shelby Pref Investor, LLC, WD-IC JV GP II LLC, WD-IC JV Investor II, LLC, WD 2360
HoldCo, LLC, WD 46-110 HoldCo, LLC, WD CVFG HoldCo, LLC, WD-UK HoldCo, LLC, W&D UK Holdco Limited, W&D UK Pvt Ltd and their respective
Subsidiaries, but, in each case, only for so long as such Person continues to satisfy the requirements for Excluded Subsidiaries in Section 8.14(d);

(b)any
Subsidiary designated in accordance with Section 8.14(d)(i) that has not been re-designated or reclassified in accordance
with Section 8.14(d)(ii);

(c)any
Subsidiary that is a Securitization Entity; and

(d)any
Foreign Subsidiary that is not disregarded for tax purposes and the guarantee by such Foreign Subsidiary would have material adverse
federal income tax consequences for the Borrower (by constituting an investment of earnings in United States property under Section 956
of the Code, triggering an increase in the gross income of the Borrower pursuant to Section 951 of the Code) after giving effect
to any corresponding credits or offsets;

provided
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) no Person that is a Credit Party as of the Closing Date
and (ii) no Subsidiary that itself or through any of its Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests or
Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on any property of, a Credit Party shall be an Excluded Subsidiary.

Excluded Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Credit Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the liability of such Credit
Party for or the guarantee of such Credit Party of, or the grant by such Credit Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation
(or any liability or guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Credit Partys
failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the
regulations thereunder at the time the liability for or the guarantee of such Credit Party or the grant of such security interest becomes
effective with respect to such Swap Obligation (such determination being made after giving effect to any applicable keepwell, support
or other agreement for the benefit of the applicable Credit Party, including under any keepwell provision of the Collateral Agreement).
If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of
such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal for the reasons
identified in the immediately preceding sentence of this definition.

19

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from
a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits
Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office
or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, United States federal withholding Taxes imposed
on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a
law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the applicable Commitment (or, in the case of
a Loan not funded pursuant to a prior Commitment, acquired such interest in such Loan), other than pursuant to an assignment request
by the Borrower under Section 5.12(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent
that, pursuant to Section 5.11, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately
before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in the applicable Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed
its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 5.11(g) and
(d) any United States federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Existing Liens
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.2(j).

Existing
Revolving Credit Maturity Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.16(a).

Existing Revolving
Credit Loan Tranche has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.16(a).

Existing Term Loan
Maturity Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.15(a).

Existing Term Loan
Tranche has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.15(a).

Extended Revolving
Credit Loan Maturity Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.16(c).

Extended Revolving
Credit Loans has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.16(a).

Extended Term Loan
Maturity Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.15(c).

Extended Term Loans
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.15(a).

Extension Amendment
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.15(e).

Extensions of Credit
means, as to any Lender at any time, (a) an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving
Credit Loans made by such Lender then outstanding, (ii) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the LC Exposures
then outstanding, (iii) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the Swingline Loans then outstanding and (iv) the
aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans made by such Lender then outstanding, or (b) the making of any Loan or participation
in any Letter of Credit by such Lender, as the context requires.

20

Extension Request
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.15(a).

Fannie Mae
means Fannie Mae, a corporation created under the laws of the United States.

Fannie Mae Agreements
means all applicable selling and servicing agreements (including the Fannie Mae Servicing Contracts) between Fannie Mae and any Credit
Party under any Fannie Mae Program, together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which
Fannie Mae and any Credit Party are parties or pursuant to which any Credit Party owes any duty or obligation to Fannie Mae, and including
the Fannie Mae Guides, however titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements and all other Fannie Mae guidelines, directives
and approvals to which any Credit Party is subject. All Fannie Mae Agreements existing as of the Closing Date (other than such Fannie
Mae Guides) are detailed in Schedule 1.1.

Fannie Mae Collateral
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.01(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Fannie Mae Designated
Loans has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.01(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Fannie Mae Guide
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.02 of the Collateral Agreement.

Fannie Mae Mortgage
Loan means a permanent Mortgage Loan originated under the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Fannie Mae Guide, or any Fannie Mae Program.

Fannie Mae Program
means (a) any program offered by Fannie Mae to which a Credit Party is a party as of the Closing Date pursuant to a Fannie Mae Agreement
set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto and (b) any other program offered by Fannie Mae at any time and from time to time after
the Closing Date in which any Credit Party participates pursuant to the Fannie Mae Agreements.

Fannie Mae Security
Interest has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.01(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Fannie Mae Servicing
Contracts means any Servicing Contracts between any Credit Party and Fannie Mae.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any amended or successor version
described above), and any intergovernmental agreements among Governmental Authorities (and any related laws, regulations or official
administrative guidance) implementing the foregoing.

FDIC
means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

Federal
Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions
by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published
on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective
Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

21

Federal Reserve
Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

FHA
means the United States Federal Housing Administration.

FHA/HUD Agreements
means the Multifamily Accelerated Processing Guide, with respect to any Credit Party under any FHA/HUD Program, together with any other
present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which FHA and/or HUD and any Credit Party are parties or pursuant
to which any Credit Party owes any duty or obligation to FHA and/or HUD, and including the FHA/HUD Guides, however titled, referred to
in those selling and servicing agreements and all other FHA/HUD guidelines, directives and approvals to which any Credit Party is subject.
All FHA/HUD Agreements existing as of the Closing Date (other than such FHA/HUD Guides) are detailed in Schedule 1.1.

FHA/HUD Collateral
means all Collateral (as defined in Section 1.02 of the Collateral Agreement) in any way relating to the FHA/HUD Loans,
including without limitation, all servicing fees and other income received by any Credit Party with respect to FHA/HUD Loans, except
as and to the limited extent as may be expressly prohibited or limited under any of the FHA/HUD Agreements.

FHA/HUD Guide
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.02 of the Collateral Agreement.

FHA/HUD Loan
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.02 of the Collateral Agreement.

FHA/HUD Program
means any of (a) the Multifamily Accelerated Processing program, and (b) any other program offered by FHA or HUD at any time
and from time to time in which any Credit Party participates.

FHA/HUD Security
Interest means the security interest granted to and in the FHA/HUD Collateral as and to the extent provided in the Collateral
Agreement.

Financial Covenant
means, on any date of determination, the applicable Asset Coverage Ratio covenant level required pursuant to Section 9.14.

First Tier Foreign
Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957
of the Code and the Equity Interests of which are owned directly by any Credit Party.

Fiscal Year
means the fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending on December 31.

Fixed Amounts
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.12(b).

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 0.00%.

Foreign Lender
means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

Freddie Mac
means Freddie Mac, a corporation organized under the laws of the United States.

Freddie Mac Agreements
means all applicable selling and servicing agreements (including the Freddie Mac Servicing Contracts) between Freddie Mac and any Credit
Party under any Freddie Mac Program, together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which
Freddie Mac and any Credit Party are parties or pursuant to which any Credit Party owes any duty or obligation to Freddie Mac, and including
the Freddie Mac Guide, however titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements and all other Freddie Mac guidelines, directives
and approvals to which any Credit Party is subject. All Freddie Mac Agreements existing as of the Closing Date (other than the Freddie
Mac Guide) are detailed in Schedule 1.1.

22

Freddie Mac Collateral
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.02(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Freddie Mac Designated
Loans has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.02(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Freddie Mac Guide
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.02 of the Collateral Agreement.

Freddie Mac Program
means any of (a) the Freddie Mac Program Plus, (b) the Targeted Affordable Housing Program, and (c) any other program
offered by Freddie Mac at any time and from time to time in which any Credit Party participates.

Freddie Mac Security
Interest has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.02(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Freddie Mac Servicing
Contracts means any Servicing Contracts between any Credit Party and Freddie Mac.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in
commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles
Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are
applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied.

Ginnie Mae
means the Government National Mortgage Association (commonly known as Ginnie Mae), a United States government owned corporation within
HUD.

Ginnie Mae Agreements
means all applicable agreements, including servicing agreements between Ginnie Mae and any Credit Party under any Ginnie Mae Program,
together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which Ginnie Mae and any Credit Party are
parties or pursuant to which any Credit Party owes any duty or obligation to Ginnie Mae, and including the Ginnie Mae Guides, however
titled, referred to in such agreements (including such servicing agreements) and all other Ginnie Mae guidelines, directives and approvals
to which any Credit Party is subject. All Ginnie Mae Agreements existing as of the Closing Date (other than such Ginnie Mae Guides) are
detailed in Schedule 1.1.

Ginnie Mae Collateral
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.03(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Ginnie Mae Designated
Loans has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.03(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

23

Ginnie Mae Guide
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.02 of the Collateral Agreement.

Ginnie Mae Program
means any program offered by Ginnie Mae at any time and from time to time in which any Credit Party participates.

Ginnie Mae Security
Interest has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.03(a) of the Collateral Agreement.

Government Obligations
has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Cash Equivalents.

Governmental Approvals
means all authorizations, consents, approvals, permits, licenses and exemptions of, and all registrations and filings with or issued
by, any Governmental Authorities.

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state, local or otherwise,
and any agency (including any Agency), authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national
bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantee
of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing
or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor)
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase
or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance
or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services
for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital,
equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to
pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued
to support such Indebtedness or obligation or (e) for the purpose of assuming in any other manner the obligee in respect of such
Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (whether
in whole or in part).

guarantor
has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Guarantee.

Hazardous Materials
means any substances or materials (a) which are or become defined as hazardous wastes, hazardous substances, pollutants, contaminants,
chemical substances or mixtures or toxic substances under any Environmental Law, (b) which are toxic, explosive, corrosive, flammable,
infectious, radioactive, carcinogenic, mutagenic or otherwise harmful to public health or the environment and are or become regulated
by any Governmental Authority, (c) the presence of which require investigation or remediation under any Environmental Law or common
law, (d) the discharge or emission or release of which requires a permit or license under any Environmental Law or other Governmental
Approval, (e) which are deemed by a Governmental Authority to constitute a nuisance or a trespass which pose a health or safety
hazard to Persons or neighboring properties, or (f) which contain, without limitation, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, petroleum hydrocarbons, petroleum derived substances or waste, crude oil, nuclear fuel, natural gas or
synthetic gas.

24

Hedge Agreement
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity
swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps
or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange
transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions,
currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options
to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any
and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any
form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement.

Hedge Bank
means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a Hedge Agreement after the Closing Date with a Credit Party permitted under
Article IX, is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or an Affiliate of the Administrative
Agent or the Arranger, or (b) is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or an Affiliate
of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger that is a party to a Hedge Agreement with a Credit Party on the Closing Date.

Hedge Termination
Value means, in respect of any one or more Hedge Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Hedge Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedge Agreements have been closed
out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the
date referenced in the foregoing clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedge Agreements,
as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedge
Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

HUD
means the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.

HUD MAP Lender
means a lender approved by HUD under the Multifamily Accelerated Processing program.

Increased Amount
Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.13(a).

Incremental Equivalent
Debt means Indebtedness issued, incurred or otherwise obtained by any Credit Party in respect of one or more series of debt
securities or loans that are secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured
Obligations, and that are issued or made in lieu of Incremental Increases; provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount
of all Incremental Equivalent Debt at the time of issuance or incurrence shall not exceed the Incremental Facilities Limit at such time,
(ii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be subject to any Guarantee by any Person other than a Credit Party, (iii) the
obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset of any Person other than any asset constituting Collateral,
(iv) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be secured on a pari passu basis with the Lien securing the Secured Obligations and
subject to a Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, (v) at the time of incurrence, other than, in each case, with respect to Permitted
Inside Maturity Debt, such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have a final maturity date equal to or later than the Term Loan Maturity
Date, and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or longer than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Initial Term Loans,
(vi) the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower an Officers Compliance Certificate demonstrating, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that the Borrower is in compliance with the Financial Covenant
based on the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or 8.1(b), as applicable,
both before and after giving effect (on a Pro Forma Basis) to the incurrence of any Incremental Equivalent Debt (with any Incremental
Equivalent Debt, including, without limitation, any revolving commitments, being deemed to be fully funded), and any Specified Transactions
consummated in connection therewith and (vii) solely as to term loans, the other terms and conditions relating to such debt securities
or loans (other than interest rates, rate floors, call protection, discounts, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption provisions)
are not in the aggregate materially more restrictive than the terms of this Agreement as determined in good faith by the Borrower (except
for provisions applicable only to periods after the Term Loan Maturity Date at the time such Incremental Equivalent Debt is issued or
incurred).

25

Incremental Facilities
Limit means, with respect to any proposed incurrence of any Incremental Increase or Incremental Equivalent Debt under Section 5.13,
an amount equal to the sum of (a) the greater of (i) $325,000,000 and (ii) 100.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of
the most recent Test Period ending on or immediately prior to such date less the total aggregate principal amount (determined
as of the date of incurrence thereof) of all Incremental Increases and Incremental Equivalent Debt previously incurred under this clause
(a), plus (b) the maximum amount of Indebtedness that could be incurred on such date which would not cause the Consolidated
Net Secured Leverage Ratio to exceed 3.00 to 1.00 as if such incurrence occurred on the last day of the Test Period most recently ended
on or before such date (or, in the case of any Incremental Increase or Incremental Equivalent Debt the proceeds of which will finance
a Limited Condition Acquisition, the date determined pursuant to Section 1.11), calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving
effect to (i) any then requested Incremental Increase or Incremental Equivalent Debt (assuming that such Incremental Increase or
Incremental Equivalent Debt, including, without limitation, any Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase or any other revolving
commitments, is fully funded), (ii) any permanent repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith and (iii) if applicable,
any Limited Condition Acquisition to be consummated using the proceeds of such Incremental Increase or Incremental Equivalent Debt. Unless
the Borrower otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent, if all or any portion of any Incremental Increase or Incremental Equivalent
Debt would be permitted under clause (b) above on the applicable date of incurrence, such Incremental Increase or Incremental Equivalent
Debt (or the relevant portion thereof) shall be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on clause (b) above prior to the utilization
of any amount available under clause (a) above.

Incremental Increases
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.13(a)(2).

Incremental Lender
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.13(a).

Incremental Revolving
Credit Facility Increase has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.13(a)(2).

Incremental Term
Loan has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.13(a).

Incremental Term
Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.13(a).

Incurrence Based
Amounts has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 1.12(b).

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any Person at any date and without duplication, the sum of the following:

(a)all
liabilities, obligations and indebtedness for borrowed money including, but not limited to, obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or other similar instruments of any such Person;

(b)all
obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services of any such Person (including, without limitation, all obligations
under non-competition, earnout or similar agreements), except trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business not more than
ninety (90) days past due, or that are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves
in conformity with GAAP have been provided for on the books of such Person;

26

(c)(i) the
Attributable Indebtedness of such Person with respect to such Persons Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Leases (regardless
of whether accounted for as indebtedness under GAAP) and (ii) all Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness;

(d)all
obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to
the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered
into in the ordinary course of business);

(e)all
Indebtedness of any other Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements except trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business), whether
or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(f)all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of any such Person relative to the face amount of letters of credit, whether or not drawn (including,
without limitation, any Reimbursement Obligations), and bankers acceptances issued for the account of any such Person;

(g)all
obligations of any such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests;

(h)all
net obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreements; and

(i)all
Guarantees of any such Person with respect to any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof,
the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is
itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer to the extent such Person
is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, unless such Indebtedness
is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Hedge Agreement on any date shall be deemed
to be the Hedge Termination Value thereof as of such date.

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of
any Credit Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.3(b).

Information
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.10.

Initial Term Loans
means the term loans made to the Borrower on the Closing Date.

Insurance and Condemnation
Event means the receipt by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) of any cash insurance
proceeds or condemnation award payable by reason of theft, loss, physical destruction or damage, taking or similar event with respect
to any of their respective Property.

27

Interest Payment
Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and
December and the Applicable Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically
corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding
day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Applicable Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark
Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark
Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that
occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Applicable Maturity Date and
(d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Applicable Maturity Date.

Interest Period
means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the
Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period
would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such
next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding
Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there
is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last
calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 5.8(e) shall
be available for specification in such Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing
initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, thereafter, shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion
or continuation of such Borrowing.

Investments
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 9.3.

Investor
means any Person (other than Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, FHA, or HUD) that (a) purchases Mortgage Loans serviced by any
Credit Party, or (b) insures or unconditionally guarantees Mortgage Loans serviced by any Credit Party.

Investor Agreements
means all applicable selling and servicing agreements (including the Investor Servicing Contracts) between an Investor and any Credit
Party, together with any other present or future contracts, agreements, instruments or indentures to which such Investor and any Credit
Party are parties or pursuant to which any Credit Party owes any duty or obligation to such Investor, and including the guides, however
titled, referred to in those selling and servicing agreements and all other Investor guidelines, directives and approvals to which any
Credit Party is subject.

Investor Servicing
Contracts means any Servicing Contracts between any Credit Party and an Investor.

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Issuing Bank
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any other Revolving Credit Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank (in each case, through itself
or through one of its designated affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and
its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 3.9. Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more
Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any
such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in
connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto.

28

JPMorgan
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association.

Junior Indebtedness
means, the collective reference to any Subordinated Indebtedness, any unsecured Indebtedness incurred under Section 9.1(n) and
any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Term Loans.

LC Disbursement
means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

LC Exposure
means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (b) the
aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure
of any Revolving Credit Lender at any time shall be its Commitment Percentage of the LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this
Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by
reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber
of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or
Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later
version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms in the governing rules or laws or of the Letter of
Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding
and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Revolving Credit
Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Revolving Credit Lenders shall have no further obligations
to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit.

Lender
means each Person executing this Agreement as a Lender on the Closing Date and any other Person that shall have become a party to this
Agreement as a Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or pursuant to Section 5.13, other than any Person that ceases
to be a party hereto as a Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders
includes the Swingline Lender.

Lender Joinder
Agreement means a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent delivered in
connection with Section 5.13.

Lender-Related
Party has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.3(d).

Lending Office
means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender maintaining such Lenders Extensions of Credit.

Letters of Credit
means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Letter of Credit
Agreement has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.2(a).

Letter of Credit
Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder.
The initial amount of each Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.2(C), or if an Issuing
Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Closing Date, the
amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The
Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower,
and notified to the Administrative Agent.

Letter of Credit
Facility means the letter of credit facility established pursuant to Article III.

29

Liabilities
means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind.

License
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.5(b).

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, leasehold mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, hypothecation or encumbrance
of any kind in respect of such asset. For purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any asset which
it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, Capital Lease Obligation
or other title retention agreement relating to such asset.

Limited Condition
Acquisition means any acquisition that (a) is not prohibited hereunder, (b) is financed in whole or in part with
a substantially concurrent incurrence of Indebtedness, and (c) is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third-party
financing.

Loan Documents
means, collectively, the Original Loan Documents, as modified hereby or pursuant to the documents delivered on the Closing Date, including
this Agreement, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, if any, each Term Loan Note, each Revolving Credit Note, each Swingline Note,
the Security Documents, each Refinancing Amendment, each Extension Amendment, each Lender Joinder Agreement, all letter of credit applications
and any agreements between the Borrower and an Issuing Bank regarding the issuance by such Issuing Bank of Letters of Credit hereunder
and/or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection thereunder and each other document,
instrument, certificate and agreement executed and delivered by any of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries in
favor of or provided to the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party in connection with this Agreement or otherwise referred to herein
or contemplated hereby (excluding any Secured Hedge Agreement and any Secured Cash Management Agreement).

Loans
means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Loans, the Term Loans and the Swingline Loans, and Loan means
any of such Loans.

Material Adverse
Effect means, any of the following: (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the operations,
business, assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or condition (financial or otherwise) of either (i) the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the ability
of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their respective obligations under any Loan Document to which any Credit Party is
a party, (c) a material impairment on the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document,
or (d) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Credit Party of any Loan
Document to which it is a party.

Material
Contract means (a) each of the Agency Agreements or (b) any other contract or agreement, written or oral,
of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, as to both clauses (a) and (b) the breach, non-performance, cancellation or
failure to renew of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Minimum
Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to cash collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances
provided to reduce or eliminate LC Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 105% of the LC Exposure
of each of the Issuing Banks with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to cash
collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.2(b),
an amount equal to 105% of the aggregate outstanding amount of all LC Exposures and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative
Agent and each of the applicable Issuing Banks that is entitled to cash collateral hereunder at such time in their sole discretion.

30

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Mortgage
means a mortgage or deed of trust on real property that is improved and substantially completed.

Mortgage Loan
means any loan evidenced by a Mortgage Note and secured by a Mortgage and, if applicable, a Mortgage Security Agreement.

Mortgage Note
means a promissory note secured by one or more Mortgages and, if applicable, one or more Mortgage Security Agreements.

Mortgage Security
Agreement means a security agreement or other agreement that creates a Lien on personal property, including furniture, fixtures
and equipment, to secure repayment of a Mortgage Loan.

MSR Assets
has the meaning assigned thereto in the Collateral Agreement.

Multiemployer Plan
means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate
is making, or is accruing an obligation to make, or has accrued an obligation to make contributions within the preceding seven (7) years.

Net Cash Proceeds
means, as applicable, (a) with respect to any Asset Disposition or Insurance and Condemnation Event, the gross proceeds received
by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) therefrom (including any cash, Cash Equivalents, deferred
payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, as and when received) less the sum of (i) in
the case of an Asset Disposition, all income taxes and other taxes assessed by, or reasonably estimated to be payable to, a Governmental
Authority as a result of such transaction (provided that if such estimated taxes exceed the amount of actual taxes required to
be paid in cash in respect of such Asset Disposition, the amount of such excess shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), (ii) all reasonable
and customary out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred in connection with such transaction or event and (iii) the principal amount
of, premium, if any, and interest on any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the asset (or a portion thereof) disposed of, which Indebtedness
is required to be repaid in connection with such transaction or event, and (b) with respect to any Equity Issuance or Debt Issuance,
the gross cash proceeds received by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom less all reasonable and customary out-of-pocket
legal, underwriting and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith.

Non-Consenting
Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver, amendment, modification or termination that (a) requires
the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 13.2 and (b) has been approved
by the Required Lenders.

Non-Defaulting
Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.

Non-Recourse Indebtedness
means, with respect to any specified Person or any of its Subsidiaries, Indebtedness that (a) is not, in whole or in part, Indebtedness
of, or secured by any Lien on the assets or properties of, any Credit Party (and for which no Credit Party has created, maintained or
assumed any Guarantee) and for which no holder thereof has or could have upon the occurrence of any contingency, any recourse against
any Credit Party or the assets thereof (other than (i) usual and customary carve out matters for which the Borrower provides an
unsecured Guarantee with respect to fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations and warranties and misapplication and (ii) Permitted
Guarantees, in each case for which no claim for payment or performance thereof has been made that would constitute a liability of the
Borrower in accordance with GAAP), (b) is owing to a Person that is not the Borrower, a Subsidiary of the Borrower or an Affiliate
of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and (c) other than as expressly provided herein with respect to the Guarantees contemplated
by the second parenthetical to clause (a) of this definition, the source of repayment for which is expressly limited to the assets
or cash flows of such Person.

31

Notes
means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Notes, the Swingline Note and the Term Loan Notes.

Notice of Borrowing
means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.3(a) or 4.2(e), which shall be substantially
in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

Notice of Conversion/Continuation
means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 5.2, which shall be substantially
in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

Notice of Prepayment
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.4(c).

NYFRB
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRB
Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the
Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business
Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate
means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal
funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined
would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

NYFRBs
Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligations
means, in each case, whether now in existence or hereafter arising: (a) the principal of and interest on (including interest accruing
after the filing of any bankruptcy or similar petition) the Loans, (b) the LC Exposures and (c) all other fees and commissions
(including attorneys fees), charges, indebtedness, loans, liabilities, financial accommodations, obligations, covenants and duties
owing by the Credit Parties and each of their respective Subsidiaries to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent or
any other Secured Party (other than any Hedge Banks or Cash Management Banks in their capacities as such), in each case under any Loan
Document, with respect to any Loan, Commitment or Letter of Credit of every kind, nature and description, direct or indirect, absolute
or contingent, due or to become due, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not evidenced by any note and
including interest, fees and other amounts that accrue after the commencement by or against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof
of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest,
fees and other amounts are allowed claims in such proceeding.

OFAC
means the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Officers
Compliance Certificate means a certificate of the chief financial officer or the treasurer of the Borrower substantially in
the form attached as Exhibit C.

32

Operating Lease
means, as to any Person as determined in accordance with GAAP, any lease of Property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person
as lessee which is not a Capital Lease Obligation.

Original Credit
Agreement has the meaning assigned thereto in the preliminary statements hereto.

Original Credit
Agreement Lenders has the meaning assigned thereto in the preliminary statements.

Original Credit
Agreement Refinancing has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Transactions.

Original Loan Documents
has the meaning assigned to the term Loan Documents in the Original Credit Agreement.

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 5.12).

Outbound Investment
Rules means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States
Treasury Department under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation, as of the date of this
Agreement, and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 850.101, et seq.

Overnight Bank
Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions
denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the
NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as
an overnight bank funding rate.

Pari
Passu Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G (with
such changes thereto as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower).

Participant
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.9(d).

Participant Register
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.9(d).

PATRIOT Act
means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended.

Payment
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.11(c)(i).

Payment Notice
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.11(c)(ii).

33

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Plan
means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412
of the Code and which (a) is maintained, funded or administered for the employees of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate or
(b) has at any time within the preceding seven (7) years been maintained, funded or administered for the employees of any Credit
Party or any current or former ERISA Affiliates.

Permitted Acquisition
means any acquisition by a Credit Party in the form of the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, business, unit, division
or a line of business, or at least a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests which have the ordinary voting power for the election
of directors of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) (whether through purchase, merger or otherwise), of any other Person
if each such acquisition meets all of the following requirements, which in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition shall be subject
to Section 1.11:

(a)the
Person or business to be acquired shall be in a line of business permitted pursuant to Section 9.11;

(b)in
the case of any purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests in a Person (i) such Person, upon the consummation of such purchase
or acquisition, will be a Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger or consolidation between any Subsidiary and such Person) and
(ii) to the extent required by Section 8.14, such Subsidiary shall become a Subsidiary Guarantor within the time periods
and pursuant to the documentation required thereby; provided that the aggregate consideration paid for Permitted Acquisitions
of Persons who do not become Subsidiary Guarantors, together with the amount of Investments that are at the time outstanding made by
Credit Parties in one or more of a Credit Partys Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties pursuant to Section 9.3(a)(iii),
shall not exceed the greater of (x) $162,500,000 and (y) 50.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended
Test Period after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition;

(c)the
Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent all notices and other documents required to be delivered pursuant to, and in
accordance with, and to the extent required by, Section 8.14; and

(d)(x) no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing both before and after giving effect to such acquisition and any Indebtedness incurred
in connection therewith and (y) the Borrower would be in compliance with the Financial Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis after giving
effect to such Investment.

Permitted Funding
Collateral means, with respect to any Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness, such assets of the
borrower thereunder as are pledged to support such Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness. For the avoidance
of doubt no Permitted Funding Collateral shall be included in the calculation of the Asset Coverage Ratio; provided that in no
event shall Permitted Funding Collateral include (a) any right to payments owed to any Credit Party under any of the Servicing Contracts
or (b) any MSR Assets, other than such rights to payment and MSR Assets relating to loans included in such Permitted Funding Collateral.

Permitted Funding
Indebtedness means any Indebtedness, which may be structured as loans, warehouse facilities, repurchase facilities, bridge
facilities, working capital facilities or other similar facilities that, in each case, contains customary terms for such Indebtedness
and is incurred in the ordinary course of business of the borrower thereunder but only to the extent that (a) the amount thereof
that the holder of such Indebtedness has contractual recourse to any Credit Party does not exceed the Realizable Value of the assets
securing such Indebtedness and (b) such Indebtedness is secured only by Permitted Funding Collateral applicable to that Permitted
Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness. The amount of any such Indebtedness shall be determined in accordance with GAAP.

34

Permitted
Guarantee means one or more of the following Guarantees of a Credit Party: (a) Guarantees of Indebtedness of an
Excluded Subsidiary consisting of loans or lines of credit incurred by such Excluded Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business that
are secured solely by the assets of Excluded Subsidiary and which such Guarantees are secured, if at all, solely by the Equity Interests
issued by such Excluded Subsidiary to any Credit Party that is providing such Guarantee, (b) unsecured Guarantees of Permitted Funding
Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness and (c) Guarantees of obligations of an entity in which a Credit Party or an Excluded
Subsidiary has directly or indirectly made an Investment that is not otherwise prohibited hereunder, which Guarantee under this clause
(c) shall be unsecured and shall be limited to usual and customary carve out matters with respect to fraud, misappropriation, breaches
of representations and warranties and misapplication by a Credit Party or such entity.

Permitted Inside
Maturity Debt means Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed the greater of (x) $162,500,000 and (y) 50.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recent Test Period
ended on or immediately prior to the date of incurrence thereof at any time outstanding.

Permitted Liens
means the Liens permitted pursuant to Section 9.2.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

Plan Asset Regulations
means 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.

Platform
means ClearPar, Debt Domain, IntraLinks, SyndTrak Online or another similar electronic system.

Pledged Equity
Interests means all Equity Interests at any time pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
pursuant to the Collateral Agreement.

primary obligor
has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Guarantee.

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street
Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical
Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein,
any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined
by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
or quoted as being effective.

35

Pro Forma Basis
means, for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio or the
Asset Coverage Ratio (and the component definitions therein) for any period during which one or more Specified Transactions occurs, that
such Specified Transaction (and all other Specified Transactions that have been consummated during the applicable period) and, except
for purposes of determining actual compliance with the Financial Covenant, all Specified Transactions that occur subsequent to the applicable
measurement period and on or prior to the date of determination, in each case, shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of
the applicable period of measurement and:

(a)all income
statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Property or Person disposed of in an Asset Disposition shall be excluded
and all income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Property or Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition
shall be included; and

(b)non-recurring
costs, extraordinary expenses and other pro forma adjustments attributable to such Specified Transaction may be included to the extent
that such costs, expenses or adjustments:

(i)are
reasonably expected to be realized within twenty-four (24) months of such Specified Transaction as set forth in reasonable detail on
a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent;

(ii)are
calculated on a basis consistent with GAAP and Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act; and

(iii)represent
less than twenty-five percent (25%) of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (determined without giving effect to this clause (b));

provided
that the foregoing costs, expenses and adjustments shall be without duplication of any costs, expenses or adjustments that are
already included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or clause (a) above, as the case may be.

Property
means any right or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible,
including, without limitation, Equity Interests.

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.

Public-Sider
means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Borrower or its Controlling person or any of its Subsidiaries while
in possession of the financial statements provided by the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement.

QFC
has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC
Credit Support has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.25.

Qualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Qualifying Mortgage
Servicing Rights means, as of any date of determination, the right to payments owed to any Credit Party under each of the
Servicing Contracts that (a) have been appraised in the most recent appraisals provided to the Administrative Agent in accordance
with Section 8.13(b), (b) are, to the extent provided for in the Collateral Agreement, subject to a first priority Lien
in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (c) are not subject to any other Liens, other than
the Lien referred to in clause (b) of this definition.

36

Qualified
Securitization Transaction means any Securitization Transaction, provided that (a) the consideration for
the Asset Disposition of Securitization Assets by any Credit Party to any Securitization Entity is not less than fair market value, (b) the
board of directors (or equivalent) of the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such Securitization Transaction (including
financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Credit
Parties, (c) except for the Standard Securitization Undertakings related thereto, the obligations under such Securitization Transaction
are non-recourse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the applicable Securitization Entity) and (d) the material terms
of such Securitization Transaction are usual and customary for transactions of such type.

Realizable Value
means, with respect to any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) in the case of any real property owned by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries and acquired as a result of the foreclosure or other enforcement of a Lien by such Person, the value realizable
upon the disposition of such asset as determined by the Borrower in good faith and consistent with customary industry practice (which
such amount shall not, at any time, exceed the book value of such asset used in preparing the most recent consolidated balance sheet
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) and (b) with respect to any other asset, the lesser of (i) if applicable, the face amount
of such asset and (ii) the fair market value of such asset as determined by the Borrower in accordance with the agreement governing
any Indebtedness secured by such asset (or, if such agreement does not contain any such provision, as determined by the senior management
of the Borrower in good faith and consistent with customary industry practice); provided that the Realizable Value of any asset
described in clauses (a) or (b) as to which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have a binding commitment to purchase from a
Person that is not the Borrower, a Subsidiary of the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall be the minimum
price payable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such asset pursuant to the terms of such contractual commitment.

Reference
Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00
a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting,
(ii) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such
setting or (iii) if such Benchmark is neither the Term SOFR Rate nor Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Recipient
means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender or (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable.

Refinance
has the meaning specified in Section 5.17(a).

Refinancing Amendment
means an amendment to this Agreement (which may, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, be in the form of an amendment
and restatement of this Agreement) providing for any Refinancing Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Credit Facilities pursuant to Section 5.17,
which shall be consistent with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (including Sections 5.17(a) and 5.17(d))
and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the parties thereto. Each Refinancing Amendment shall be executed by the Administrative Agent,
the Credit Parties and the other parties specified in Section 5.17 (but not any other Lender not specified in Section 5.17),
but shall not affect any amendments that would require the consent of each affected Lender or all Lenders pursuant to Section 13.2
unless such affected Lender or all Lenders, as applicable, are party to such amendment. Any Refinancing Amendment may include conditions
for delivery of opinions of counsel and other documentation consistent with the conditions in Section 4.1, all to the extent
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the other parties to such Refinancing Amendment.

Refinancing Term
Loan Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 5.17(b).

Refinancing Term
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 5.17(c).

37

Refinancing Term
Loan Series has the meaning specified in Section 5.17(c).

Refinancing Term
Loans has the meaning specified in Section 5.17(a).

Register
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.9(c).

Regulatory Authority
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.10.

Reimbursement Obligation
means the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.5 for amounts drawn under Letters
of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank.

Related Parties
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees,
administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant Entities
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.2.

Relevant Governmental
Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto.

Relevant Rate
means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, Daily
Simple SOFR, as applicable.

Removal Effective
Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.6(b).

Replacement Revolving
Credit Commitments has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.17(d).

Replacement Revolving
Credit Facilities has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.17(d).

Replacement Revolving
Credit Facility Effective Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.17(d).

Replacement Revolving
Credit Lender has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.17(e).

Repricing Transaction
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 4.4(c).

Required
Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposure representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the Total Credit
Exposure of all Lenders. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any
time.

Required
Revolving Credit Lenders means, at any time, Revolving Credit Lenders having unused Revolving Credit Commitments and
Revolving Credit Exposure representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving
Credit Exposure of all Revolving Credit Lenders. The unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and Revolving Credit Exposure held or deemed
held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Revolving Credit Lenders at any time.

Required
Term Loan Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having outstanding Term Loans, representing more than fifty percent (50%)
of the sum of the aggregate outstanding Term Loans at such time. The outstanding Term Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded
in determining Required Term Loan Lenders at any time.

38

Resignation Effective
Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.6(a).

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer
means, as to any Person, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, controller, treasurer or assistant treasurer
of such Person or any other officer of such Person designated in writing by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent; provided that, to the extent requested thereby, the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of such Person
certifying as to the incumbency and genuineness of the signature of each such officer. Any document delivered hereunder or under any
other Loan Document that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Person shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all
necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Person and such Responsible Officer
shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Person.

Restricted Payments
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 9.6.

Revolving Credit
Commitment means (a) as to any Revolving Credit Lender, the obligation of such Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving
Credit Loans to, and to purchase participations in LC Exposures and Swingline Loans for the account of, the Borrower hereunder in an
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Revolving Credit Lenders name
on the Register, as such amount may be modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof (including Section 5.13)
and (b) as to all Revolving Credit Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all Revolving Credit Lenders to make Revolving Credit Loans,
as such amount may be modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof (including Section 5.13). The
aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment of all the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Closing Date shall be $50,000,000. The Revolving Credit
Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender on the Closing Date is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1.2(A).

Revolving Credit
Commitment Percentage means, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage of the total Revolving
Credit Commitments of all the Revolving Credit Lenders represented by such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment.
If the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, the Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages shall be determined based
upon the Revolving Credit Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. The Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage
of each Revolving Credit Lender on the Closing Date is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1.2(A).

Revolving Credit
Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such
Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time.

Revolving Credit
Extension Request has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.16(a).

Revolving Credit
Facility means the revolving credit facility established pursuant to Article II (including any increase in such
revolving credit facility pursuant to Section 5.13).

Revolving Credit
Lenders means, collectively, all of the Lenders with a Revolving Credit Commitment or if the Revolving Credit Commitment has
been terminated, all Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure.

39

Revolving Credit
Loan means any revolving loan made to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1, and all such revolving loans collectively
as the context requires.

Revolving Credit
Maturity Date means the earliest to occur of (a) March 14, 2028, (b) the date of termination of the entire
Revolving Credit Commitment by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.5, and (c) the date of termination of the Revolving
Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 11.2(a).

Revolving Credit
Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Revolving Credit Lender evidencing the Revolving Credit Loans
made by such Revolving Credit Lender, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A-1, and any substitutes therefor, and
any replacements, restatements, renewals or extension thereof, in whole or in part.

Revolving Credit
Outstandings means the sum of (a) with respect to Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans on any date, the aggregate
outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Revolving Credit Loans and
Swingline Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; plus (b) with respect to any LC Exposures on any date, the aggregate
outstanding amount thereof on such date after giving effect to any Extensions of Credit occurring on such date and any other changes
in the aggregate amount of the LC Exposures as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings
under any Letters of Credit or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such
date.

Revolving Borrowing
means Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans,
as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.

Revolving Extension
Amendment has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.16(e).

RFR Borrowing
means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

RFR Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Rating Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (including, as of the Closing
Date, so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea and Syria).

Sanctioned
Person means, at any time, any Person subject or target of any Sanctions, including (a) any Person listed in any
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC (including, without limitation, OFACs Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons List and OFACs Consolidated Non-SDN List), the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce,
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled
by any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) and (b), including a Person that is deemed by OFAC to be a Sanctions target
based on the ownership of such legal entity by Sanctioned Person(s).

Sanctions
means any and all economic or financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, secondary sanctions, trade embargoes and anti-terrorism laws,
including but not limited to those imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government (including those administered
by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His
Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority with jurisdiction over any Lender, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates.

40

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Secured Cash Management
Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement between or among any Credit Party and any Cash Management Bank.

Secured Hedge Agreement
means any Hedge Agreement between or among any Credit Party and any Hedge Bank.

Secured Obligations
means, collectively, (a) the Obligations and (b) all existing or future payment and other obligations owing by any Credit Party
under (i) any Secured Hedge Agreement (other than an Excluded Swap Obligation) and (ii) any Secured Cash Management Agreement.

Secured Parties
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, each co-agent
or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 12.5, any other holder from time
to time of any of any Secured Obligations and, in each case, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Securitization
Assets means loans, accounts receivable, payment rights and other related assets (including, without limitation, any proceeds
thereof and rights (contractual and other) and collateral (including all general intangibles, documents, instruments and records) related
thereto) which are customarily sold or pledged pursuant to a securitization transaction or other similar financing transaction; provided
that in no event shall Securitization Assets include (a) any right to payments owed to any Credit Party under any of the Servicing
Contracts or (b) any MSR Assets, other than such rights to payment and MSR Assets relating to loans included in such Securitization
Assets.

Securitization
Entity means a Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Securitization
Transaction with a Credit Party in which a Credit Party makes an Investment or to which a Credit Party transfers assets) which engages
in no activities other than in connection with the financing of assets of such Person, and any business or activities incidental or related
to that business, and

(a)no
portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which:

(1)is
guaranteed by any Credit Party (excluding unsecured guarantees of obligations pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings);

(2)is
recourse to or obligates any Credit Party in any way other than pursuant to unsecured guarantees of Standard Securitization Undertakings;
or

(3)is
secured by any property or asset of any Credit Party, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, for the satisfaction thereof;

(b)with
which no Credit Party has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than those entered into in connection
with Qualified Securitization Transactions that are on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to such Credit
Party than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower; and

41

(c)to
which no Credit Party has any obligation to maintain or preserve the entitys financial condition or cause the entity to achieve
certain levels of operating results other than pursuant to unsecured guarantees of Standard Securitization Undertakings.

Securitization
Transaction means any transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which a Credit Party (a) sells, assigns, conveys
or otherwise transfers Securitization Assets or (b) pledges or grants security interests or Liens in Securitization Assets, in each
case under clause (a) or (b), to a Securitization Entity for the purpose of a securitization transaction or other similar financing
transaction.

Securitization
Transaction Attributed Indebtedness means the amount of obligations outstanding under the legal documents entered into
as part of any Qualified Securitization Transaction on any date of determination that would be characterized as principal if Qualified
Securitization Transaction were required to be structured as a secured lending transaction rather than a sale.

Security Documents
means the collective reference to the Collateral Agreement, and each other agreement or writing pursuant to which any Credit Party pledges
or grants a security interest in any Property or assets securing the Secured Obligations.

Senior
Indebtedness has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.2(j).

Senior Notes
means the $400,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior unsecured notes due 2033 issued by the Borrower.

Senior Notes Documents
means the Senior Notes Indenture and all other documents executed and delivered with respect to the Senior Notes or the Senior Notes
Indenture, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, modified, supplemented, extended or renewed from time to time in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof.

Senior
Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture as in effect on the Closing Date and as the same may be amended, amended
and restated, modified, supplemented, extended or renewed from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, among the
Borrower, as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which the
Senior Notes were issued.

Servicing Contract
means, with respect to any Person, the arrangement, whether or not in writing, under which that Person has the right to service Mortgage
Loans.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR
Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators
Website means the NYFRBs website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight
financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

SOFR
Determination Date has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR
Rate Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

42

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair
value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person,
(b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable
liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe
that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such
Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons
property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent
obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time
shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that
can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Specified Transactions
means, with respect to any period, any Investment, sale, transfer or other disposition of assets, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness,
Restricted Payment, Subsidiary designation or re-designation or other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires Pro
Forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis.

Standard Securitization
Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities entered into by any Credit Party which
are customary in similar securitization transactions.

Subordinated Indebtedness
means the collective reference to any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries)
that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations.

Subsidiary
means as to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which more than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or equivalent governing
body) or other managers of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity is at the time owned by (directly
or indirectly) or the management is otherwise controlled by (directly or indirectly) such Person (irrespective of whether, at the time,
Equity Interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity shall have
or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). Unless otherwise qualified, references to Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries herein shall refer to those of the Borrower.

Subsidiary Guarantors
means, collectively, all direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Borrower (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) in existence on the Closing
Date or which become a party to the Collateral Agreement pursuant to Section 8.14.

Supported
QFC has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.25.

Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Credit Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes
a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Swingline Borrowing
means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan.

Swingline Commitment
means as to any Lender (i) the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.2(B) attached hereto
or (ii) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swingline Commitment after the Closing
Date, the amount set forth for such Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant
to Section 13.9(c).

43

Swingline Exposure
means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender
at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Commitment Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding
at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is the Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such
time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect
to any reallocation under Section 5.14 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in
the case of any Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender outstanding
at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans.

Swingline Facility
means the swingline facility established pursuant to Section 2.2.

Swingline Lender
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or in each case, any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), each in its capacity as a lender
of Swingline Loans hereunder.

Swingline Loan
means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.2.

Swingline Note
means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of the Swingline Lender evidencing the Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender,
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A-2, and any substitutes therefor, and any replacements, restatements, renewals
or extensions thereof, in whole or in part.

Synthetic Lease
means any synthetic lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing product where
such transaction is considered borrowed money indebtedness for tax purposes but is classified as an Operating Lease in accordance with
GAAP.

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, fines, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Benchmark
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest
at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate.

Term Loan Commitment
means (a) as to any Term Loan Lender, the obligation of such Term Loan Lender to make a portion of the Initial Term Loans and/or
Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, to the account of the Borrower hereunder on the Closing Date (in the case of the Initial Term
Loans) or the applicable borrowing date (in the case of any Incremental Term Loan) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the
amount set forth opposite such Term Loan Lenders name on Schedule 1.2(D), as such amount may be reduced or otherwise modified
at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof and (b) as to all Term Loan Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all
Term Loan Lenders to make such Term Loans. The aggregate Term Loan Commitment with respect to the Initial Term Loans of all Term Loan
Lenders on the Closing Date shall be $450,000,000. The Term Loan Commitment of each Term Loan Lender as of the Closing Date is set forth
opposite the name of such Term Loan Lender on Schedule 1.2(D).

Term Loan Facility
means the term loan facility established pursuant to Article IV (including any new term loan facility established pursuant
to Section 5.13). Except where the context otherwise requires, the Term Loan Facility shall include each facility for the
borrowing of Extended Term Loans and each facility providing for the borrowing of Refinancing Term Loans in respect of the foregoing.

Term Loan Lender
means any Lender with a Term Loan Commitment and/or outstanding Term Loans.

44

Term Loan Maturity
Date means the first to occur of (a) March 14, 2032, and (b) the date of acceleration of the Term Loans pursuant
to Section 11.2(a).

Term Loan Note
means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Term Loan Lender evidencing the portion of the Term Loans made by such Term
Loan Lender, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A-3, and any substitutes therefor, and any replacements, restatements,
renewals or extensions thereof, in whole or in part.

Term Loan Percentage
means, with respect to any Term Loan Lender at any time, the percentage of the total outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans
represented by the outstanding principal balance of such Term Loan Lenders Term Loans. The Term Loan Percentage of each Term Loan
Lender as of the Closing Date is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1.2(D).

Term Loans
means the Initial Term Loans and, if applicable, except where the context otherwise requires, all Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term
Loans and Refinancing Term Loans, and Term Loan means any of such Term Loans.

Term SOFR Determination
Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term
SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period,
the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to
the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator;
provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed
to be the Floor.

Term
SOFR Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest based upon the Term SOFR Rate.

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term
Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published
by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00
pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has
not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred,
then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination
Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities
Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

45

Termination Event
means the occurrence of any of the following which, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to
result in liability of the Borrower in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount: (a) a Reportable Event
described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the thirty (30) day notice requirement has not been waived by the PBGC, or (b) the
withdrawal of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer
as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of
ERISA, or (c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of
a Pension Plan amendment as a termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan assets are not sufficient to pay all plan liabilities,
or (d) the institution of proceedings to terminate, or the appointment of a trustee with respect to, any Pension Plan by the PBGC,
or (e) any other event or condition which would constitute grounds under Section 4042(a) of ERISA for the termination
of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan, or (f) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of
the Code or Section 303 of ERISA, or (g) the determination that any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk
plan or plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 or 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 or 305
of ERISA or (h) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan if withdrawal
liability is asserted by such plan, or (i) any event or condition which results in the reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer
Plan under Sections 4241 or 4245 of ERISA, or (j) any event or condition which results in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan
under Section 4041A of ERISA or the institution by PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Multiemployer Plan under Section 4042
of ERISA, or (k) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under
Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate.

Test Period
means (a) for purposes of calculating the Financial Covenant, the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then
last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been delivered or are required to have been
delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or Section 8.1(b) hereof and (b) for any other purpose, the
most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which
financial statements are internally available (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), in each case, prior to such date of determination.

Threshold Amount
means $100,000,000.

Total Credit Exposure
means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments, Revolving Credit Exposure and outstanding Term Loans of such Lender at such
time.

Transaction Costs
means all transaction fees, charges and other amounts related to the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisitions and any other Investments
permitted hereby (including, without limitation, any financing fees, merger and acquisition fees, legal fees and expenses, due diligence
fees or any other fees and expenses in connection therewith), in each case to the extent paid within six (6) months of the closing
of the Credit Facility, such Permitted Acquisition or such Investment, as applicable.

Transactions
means, collectively, (a) the refinancing all indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors under the Original
Credit Agreement without constituting a novation or otherwise terminating the liens or guarantees in connection therewith (the Original
Credit Agreement Refinancing), (b) the incurrence of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, (c) the issuance
of the Senior Notes on the Closing Date and (d) the payment of fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith.

Type,
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to the applicable Term Benchmark, the Alternate Base Rate or Daily Simple SOFR.

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

UK
Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from
time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook
(as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions
and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

46

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

United States
means the United States of America.

Unrestricted Cash
means, at any time, cash and Cash Equivalents reflected on the consolidating balance sheet of the Credit Parties at such time to the
extent such cash or Cash Equivalent is (a) not subject to any Lien (other than a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties or a bankers Lien or right of setoff pursuant to customary deposit arrangements) or any restriction
as to its use or otherwise unavailable to the Credit Parties and (b) held in bank accounts or securities accounts located in the
United States which such accounts are subject to a perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire
day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person
means (i) for purposes of Sections 7.23 and 9.17 hereof, any United States citizen, lawful permanent resident, entity
organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including any foreign branch of any such
entity, or any Person in the United States and (ii) for all other purposes, any Person that is a United States person
as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13.25.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.11(g)(ii)(B)(3).

W&D Multifamily
means Walker & Dunlop Multifamily, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

WDACC
means WDAAC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower.

WD Capital
means Walker & Dunlop Capital, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.

WDLLC
means Walker & Dunlop, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the
sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity
or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years
(calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then
outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness.

Wholly-Owned
means, with respect to a Subsidiary, that all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary are, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled
by the Borrower and/or one or more of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries (except for directors qualifying shares or other shares required
by Applicable Law to be owned by a Person other than the Borrower and/or one or more of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries).

47

Withholding Agent
means the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any other applicable withholding agent.

Working Capital
means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the Excluded Subsidiaries) on a Consolidated basis and calculated
in accordance with GAAP, as of any date of determination, the excess of (a) the sum of the amounts of Pledged Securities
and Servicing Fees and Other Receivables, Net, each as reflected on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Credit Parties
as of the last day of such period over (b) the sum of the amounts of Accounts Payable and Other Accruals and
Performance Deposits from Borrower, each as reflected on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Credit Parties as of the
last day of such period.

Write-Down and
Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such
EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of
the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION 1.2Other
Definitions and Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in
such other Loan Document: (a) the definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined, (b) whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms,
(c) the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase
without limitation, (d) the word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the
word shall, (e) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and
assigns, (f) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall
be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (g) all references herein to
Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this
Agreement, (h) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and
to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, (i) the
term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements
and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form and (j) in the computation of periods of time from
a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to
and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including.

SECTION 1.3Accounting
Terms.

(a)Generally.
All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including
financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity
with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time and in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the audited
financial statements required by Section 8.1(a), except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness
of the Credit Parties shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC
825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.

48

(b)Changes
in GAAP.

(i)If
at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and
either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate
in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to
the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be
computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth
a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.

(ii)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 1.3 or the definition of Capital Lease Obligations, (A) all
obligations of any Person that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the effectiveness of
FASB ASC 842 shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for purpose
of this Agreement (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations
are required in accordance with FASB ASC 842 (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as Capital Lease Obligations
in the financial statements and (B) all financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent hereunder shall contain a schedule
showing the modifications necessary to reconcile the adjustments made pursuant to clause (A) above with such financial statements.

SECTION 1.4UCC
Terms. Terms defined in the UCC in effect on the Closing Date and not otherwise defined herein shall, unless the context otherwise
indicates, have the meanings provided by those definitions. Subject to the foregoing, the term UCC refers, as of any date
of determination, to the UCC then in effect.

SECTION 1.5Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by
the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio or percentage is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

SECTION 1.6References
to Agreement and Laws. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) any definition or reference to formation documents, governing
documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual documents or instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent
amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements,
extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) any definition or reference to
any Applicable Law, including, without limitation, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, the Code, the Commodity Exchange
Act, ERISA, the Exchange Act, the PATRIOT Act, the Securities Act of 1933, the UCC, the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Interstate
Commerce Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act of the United States or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States
Treasury Department, shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting
such Applicable Law.

49

SECTION 1.7Times
of Day; Rates. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or
standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with
respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Term SOFR Rate,
Daily Simple SOFR or Alternate Base Rate.

SECTION 1.8Guarantees.
Unless otherwise specified, the amount of any Guarantee shall be the amount to be reflected in the balance sheet as determined in accordance
with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time and in a manner consistent with that used in preparing financial
statements.

SECTION 1.9Covenant
Compliance Generally. For purposes of determining compliance under Sections 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.5 and 9.6,
any amount in a currency other than Dollars will be converted to Dollars in a manner consistent with that used in calculating Consolidated
Corporate Net Income in the most recent annual financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3, with respect to any amount
of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no breach of any basket contained in such Sections shall be deemed to
have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred;
provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.9 shall otherwise apply to such
Sections, including with respect to determining whether any Indebtedness or Investment may be incurred at any time under such Sections.

SECTION 1.10Divisions.
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable
event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset,
right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the
subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the
first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

SECTION 1.11Limited
Condition Acquisitions. In the event that the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that any proposed acquisition
is a Limited Condition Acquisition and that the Borrower wishes to test the conditions to such acquisition and the Indebtedness to be
used to finance such acquisition in accordance with this Section 1.11, then, so long as agreed to by the lenders providing
such Indebtedness, the following provisions shall apply:

(a)any
condition to such acquisition or such Indebtedness that requires that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
at the time of such acquisition or the incurrence of such Indebtedness, shall be satisfied if (i) no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the execution of the definitive purchase agreement, merger agreement or other acquisition
agreement governing such acquisition and (ii) no Event of Default under any of Sections 11.1(a), 11.1(b), 11.1(i) or
11.1(j) shall have occurred and be continuing both before and after giving effect to such acquisition and any Indebtedness
incurred in connection therewith;

(b)any
condition to such acquisition or such Indebtedness that the representations and warranties in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall be true and correct at the time of such acquisition or the incurrence of such Indebtedness shall be subject to customary SunGard
or other customary applicable certain funds conditionality provisions (including, without limitation, a condition that
the representations and warranties under the relevant agreements relating to such Limited Condition Acquisition as are material to the
lenders providing such Indebtedness shall be true and correct, but only to the extent that the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary
has the right to terminate its obligations under such agreement as a result of a breach of such representations and warranties or the
failure of those representations and warranties to be true and correct), so long as all representations and warranties in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents are true and correct at the time of execution of the definitive purchase agreement, merger agreement or
other acquisition agreement governing such acquisition;

50

(c)any
financial ratio test or condition may, upon the written election of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the execution
of the definitive agreement for such acquisition, be tested either (i) upon the execution of the definitive agreement with respect
to such Limited Condition Acquisition or (ii) upon the consummation of the Limited Condition Acquisition and related incurrence
of Indebtedness, in each case, after giving effect to the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition and related incurrence of Indebtedness,
on a Pro Forma Basis; provided that the failure to deliver a notice under this Section 1.11(c) prior to the date
of execution of the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition shall be deemed an election to test the applicable financial
ratio under sub-clause (ii) of this Section 1.11(c); and

(d)except
as provided in the next sentence, if the Borrower has made an election with respect to any Limited Condition Acquisition to test a financial
ratio test or condition at the time specified in clause (c)(i) of this Section 1.11, then in connection with any subsequent
calculation of any ratio or basket on or following the relevant date of execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such Limited
Condition Acquisition and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or (ii) the
date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited
Condition Acquisition, any such ratio or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition
Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including the incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness) have been consummated.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any calculation of a ratio in connection with determining whether or not the Borrower is in compliance
with the requirements of Section 9.14 shall, in each case be calculated assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other
transactions in connection therewith (including the incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness) have not been consummated.

The foregoing provisions
shall apply with similar effect during the pendency of multiple Limited Condition Acquisitions such that each of the possible scenarios
is separately tested.

SECTION 1.12Certain
Determinations.

(a)For
purposes of determining compliance with any of the covenants set forth in Article IX at any time (whether at the time of
incurrence or thereafter), any Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Asset Disposition, Restricted Payment, payment of Junior Indebtedness
or Affiliate transaction meets the criteria of one, or more than one, of the categories permitted pursuant to such covenant in Article IX,
the Borrower (i) shall in its sole discretion determine under which category such Lien (other than Liens with respect to the Credit
Facility), Investment, Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness consisting of the Credit Facility), Asset Disposition, Restricted
Payment, payment of Junior Indebtedness or Affiliate transaction (or, in each case, any portion there) is permitted and (ii) shall
be permitted, in its sole discretion, to divide and/or classify under which category or categories such Lien, Investment, Indebtedness,
Asset Disposition, Restricted Payment, payment of Junior Indebtedness or Affiliate transaction is permitted as it may determine and without
notice to the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

51

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a
provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, any Consolidated
Net Corporate Leverage Ratio or Consolidated Net Secured Leverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts) substantially
concurrently with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that
requires compliance with any such financial ratio or test (any such amounts, the Incurrence Based Amounts), it is
understood and agreed that the Fixed Amounts (and any cash proceeds thereof) shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial
ratio or test applicable to the Incurrence Based Amounts in connection with such substantially concurrent incurrence (but shall be calculated
on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to all applicable and related transactions (including the use of proceeds of all Indebtedness to
be incurred and any repayments, repurchases and redemptions of Indebtedness)).

(c)For
purposes of determining compliance with the definition of Incremental Facilities Limit in connection with any Incremental
Increase or Incremental Equivalent Debt or whether any incurrence of Indebtedness or Lien is permitted pursuant to Section 9.1
or 9.2, respectively, the Borrower shall be permitted, in its sole discretion, to make any redetermination and/or to reclassify
under which category or categories such Indebtedness or Lien is permitted from time to time as it may determine and without notice to
the Administrative Agent or any Lender. If any Indebtedness or Lien incurred in reliance on a Fixed Amount under the definition of Incremental
Facilities Limit, under Section 9.1 or under Section 9.2 would be permitted in any subsequent fiscal quarter
to have been incurred in reliance on an Incurrence Based Amount under such definition or covenant, as the case may be, then the reclassification
of such Indebtedness or Liens (or portions thereof) as incurred under any available Incurrence Based Amounts shall be deemed to have
automatically occurred even if not elected by the Borrower (unless the Borrower otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent).

SECTION 1.13Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark
that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Section 5.8(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent
does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission,
performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor
rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest
rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability.
The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any
interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any
relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources
or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced
in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender
or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages,
costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any
such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 1.14Letter
of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated
amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by
its terms, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be
deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount
is available to be drawn at such time.

52

SECTION 1.15Classification
of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving
Credit Loan) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g.,
a Term Benchmark Revolving Credit Loan or an RFR Revolving Credit Loan). Borrowings also may be classified
and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing
or an RFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR
Revolving Borrowing).

ARTICLE II

Revolving
Credit Facility

SECTION 2.1Revolving
Credit Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and in reliance upon the representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make Revolving
Credit Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time from the Closing Date to, but not including, the Revolving Credit Maturity
Date as requested by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.3; provided, that (a) the Revolving
Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Credit
Lender shall not at any time exceed such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment. Each Revolving Credit Loan by a
Revolving Credit Lender shall be in a principal amount equal to such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage
of the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans requested on such occasion. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the
Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Revolving Credit Loans hereunder until the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

SECTION 2.2Swingline
Loans.

(a)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline
Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal
amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding $25,000,000, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans
made by the Swingline Lender exceeding the Swingline Lenders Swingline Commitment or (iii) any Revolving Credit Lenders
Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Revolving Credit Commitment; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required
to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans.

(b)To
request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent by telecopy or electronic mail (or transmit
by electronic communication including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for such transmission have been approved by the Administrative
Agent) not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form
approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount
of the requested Swingline Loan. Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an whole multiple of $100,000 and no less than $100,000.
The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender
shall make the requested Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the Borrower with the Administrative
Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided
in Section 3.5, by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline
Loan. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the
account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity
Date and the fifth (5th) Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing
is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the
Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding.

53

(c)The
Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion
of its Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate.
Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such
Lenders Commitment Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon
receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 1:00 p.m., New York City time,
on a Business Day no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 1:00 p.m., New York City
time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay
to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lenders Commitment Percentage of such Swingline Loans.
Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.2
is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance
of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset,
abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this clause (c) by wire transfer
of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 5.7(a) with respect to Loans made by such
Lender (and Section 5.7(a) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative
Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this Section 2.2(d), and thereafter payments
in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by
the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the
Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such
amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made
their payments pursuant to this Section 2.2(d) and to the Swingline Lender, as its interests may appear; provided
that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to
the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan
pursuant to this Section 2.2 shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.

(d)The
Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline
Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline
Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of
the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(ii). From and after the effective date of any such replacement,
(x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement
with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed
to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline
Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations
of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required
to make additional Swingline Loans.

54

(e)Subject
to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may resign as the Swingline Lender at any time
upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which the Swingline Lender
shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.2(d) above.

SECTION 2.3Procedure
for Advances of Revolving Credit Loans.

(a)Notices
of Borrowing. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent a Notice of Borrowing not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) on the
same Business Day as each ABR Loan, (ii) at least five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Daily Simple
SOFR Loan and (iii) at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Term SOFR Rate Loan, of its intention
to borrow, specifying (A) the date of such borrowing, which shall be a Business Day, (B) the amount of such borrowing, which
shall be, (x) with respect to ABR Loans (other than Swingline Loans) in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple
of $500,000 in excess thereof and (y) with respect to SOFR Loans in an aggregate principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, the remaining amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment), (C) whether such Revolving
Credit Loan is to be a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, a Term SOFR Rate Loan or an ABR Loan, and (D) in the case of a Term SOFR Rate Loan,
the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a type of Loan in a Notice of Borrowing, then
the applicable Loans shall be made as ABR Loans. If the Borrower requests a borrowing of a Term SOFR Rate Loan in any such Notice of
Borrowing, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. A Notice of
Borrowing received after 11:00 a.m. shall be deemed received on the next Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day,
as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Revolving Credit Lenders of each Notice of Borrowing.

(b)Disbursement
of Revolving Credit Loans. Not later than 1:00 p.m. on the proposed borrowing date, each Revolving Credit Lender will make available
to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Borrower, at the Administrative Agents Office in funds immediately available
to the Administrative Agent, such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit Loans
to be made on such borrowing date. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of each
borrowing requested pursuant to this Section 2.3 in immediately available funds by crediting or wiring such proceeds to the
deposit account of the Borrower identified in the most recent notice delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or as may
be otherwise agreed upon by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent from time to time. Subject to Section 5.7 hereof, the
Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to disburse the portion of the proceeds of any Revolving Credit Loan requested pursuant to
this Section 2.3 to the extent that any Revolving Credit Lender has not made available to the Administrative Agent its Revolving
Credit Commitment Percentage of such Loan. Revolving Credit Loans to be made for the purpose of refunding Swingline Loans shall be made
by the Revolving Credit Lenders as provided in Section 2.2(c).

SECTION 2.4Repayment
and Prepayment of Revolving Credit and Swingline Loans.

(a)Repayment
on Termination Date. The Borrower hereby agrees to repay the outstanding principal amount of (i) all Revolving Credit Loans
in full on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, and (ii) all Swingline Loans in accordance with Section 2.2(b) (but,
in any event, no later than the Revolving Credit Maturity Date), together, in each case, with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon.

55

(b)Mandatory
Prepayments.

(i)If
at any time the Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment, the Borrower agrees to repay immediately upon notice
from the Administrative Agent, by payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Credit Lenders, Extensions of
Credit in an amount equal to such excess.

(ii)If,
as of the last day of any fiscal quarter (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2025), the ratio of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA to Consolidated Corporate Interest Expense for the most recently ended Test Period is less than 2.00 to 1.00, the Borrower shall,
within ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of the financial statements and related Officers Compliance Certificate
for such fiscal quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(b) and Section 8.2(a), make
a mandatory principal prepayment of the Revolving Credit Loans in the manner set forth in clause (iii) below in an amount sufficient
to cause such ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis calculated after giving effect to such prepayment as of the first day of the relevant Test
Period, to be equal to or greater than 2.00 to 1.00. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such prepayment nor the triggering of a prepayment
under this clause (ii) shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment.

(iii)Each
repayment made pursuant to this Section 2.4(b) shall be applied first, to the principal amount of outstanding
Swingline Loans, second to the principal amount of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and third, with respect to any Letters
of Credit then outstanding, as a payment of cash collateral into a Collateral Account opened by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit
of the Revolving Credit Lenders, in an amount equal to such excess (such cash collateral to be applied in accordance with Section 11.2(b)).

(c)Optional
Prepayments. The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans, in whole or in
part, without premium or penalty, with irrevocable prior written notice to the Administrative Agent substantially in the form attached
as Exhibit B (a Notice of Prepayment) given not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) on the same Business
Day as prepayment of each ABR Loan and each Swingline Loan, (ii) at least five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
before prepayment of each Daily Simple SOFR Loan and (iii) at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before
prepayment of each Term SOFR Rate Loan, specifying the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of Daily Simple SOFR
Loans, Term SOFR Rate Loans, ABR Loans or a combination thereof, and, if of a combination thereof, the amount allocable to each. Upon
receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender. If any such notice is given, the
amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date set forth in such notice. Partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate
amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof with respect to ABR Loans (other than Swingline Loans), $2,000,000
or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof with respect to SOFR Loans and $100,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess
thereof with respect to Swingline Loans. A Notice of Prepayment received after 11:00 a.m. shall be deemed received on the next Business
Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable. Each such repayment shall be accompanied by any amount required to be
paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

(d)Limitation
on Prepayment of SOFR Loans. The Borrower may not prepay any Term SOFR Rate Loan on any day other than on the last day of the Interest
Period applicable thereto, unless such prepayment is accompanied by any amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9
hereof.

(e)Hedge
Agreements. No repayment or prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall affect any of the Borrowers
obligations under any Hedge Agreement entered into with respect to the Loans.

56

SECTION 2.5Permanent
Reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitment.

(a)Voluntary
Reduction. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable
written notice to the Administrative Agent, to permanently reduce, without premium or penalty, (i) the entire Revolving Credit Commitment
at any time or (ii) portions of the Revolving Credit Commitment, from time to time, in an aggregate principal amount not less than
$1,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Any reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitment shall be applied to
the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender according to its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage. All Commitment
Fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitment shall be paid on the effective date of such
termination).

(b)Corresponding
Payment. Each permanent reduction permitted pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be accompanied by a payment of principal
sufficient to reduce the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline Loans and LC Exposures, as applicable, after such reduction
to the Revolving Credit Commitment as so reduced, and if the aggregate amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit exceeds the Revolving
Credit Commitment as so reduced, the Borrower shall be required to deposit cash collateral in a Collateral Account opened by the Administrative
Agent in an amount equal to such excess. Such cash collateral shall be applied in accordance with Section 11.2(b). Any reduction
of the Revolving Credit Commitment to zero shall be accompanied by payment of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans
(and furnishing of cash collateral satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for all LC Exposures or other arrangements satisfactory to
the respective Issuing Banks) and shall result in the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitment and the Swingline Commitment and
the Revolving Credit Facility. If the reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitment requires the repayment of any SOFR Loan, such repayment
shall be accompanied by any amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

SECTION 2.6Termination
of Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility and the Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving
Credit Maturity Date.

ARTICLE III

Letter
of Credit Facility

SECTION 3.1General.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit as the applicant
thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time
and from time to time during the Availability Period; provided no Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue a Letter
of Credit that would result in more than a total of 20 Letters of Credit outstanding.

57

SECTION 3.2Notice
of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions.

(a)To
request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand
deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have
been approved by the respective Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by it and to the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance
of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a written notice
requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the date
of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall
comply with Section 3.3), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other
information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of
Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of
letters of credit and/or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the respective Issuing Bank and using
such Issuing Banks standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement). In the event of any conflict between
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of
this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension
of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment
or extension (i) (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time
plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on
behalf of the Borrower at such time shall not exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment, (ii) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the
total Letter of Credit Commitments and (iii) no Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Revolving Credit Commitment.
The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such
Issuing Bank; provided that the Borrower shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving
effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) above shall not be satisfied.

(b)An
Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit if:

(i)any
order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank
from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing, amending or extending
such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, the issuance, amendment or extension of letters of
credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment or decree, or law shall impose upon such Issuing
Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank
is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss,
cost or expense that was not applicable on the Closing Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; or

(ii)the
issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters
of credit generally.

SECTION 3.3Expiration
Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary
thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter
of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, one year after such extension) and (ii) the date that
is five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

58

SECTION 3.4Participations.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the term thereof) and
without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender,
and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Commitment
Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing,
each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Issuing
Bank, such Lenders Commitment Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower
on the date due as provided in Section 3.5, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any
reason, including after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding
or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligations to acquire participations pursuant to this Section 3.4
in respect of Letters of Credit and to make payments in respect of such acquired participations are absolute and unconditional and
shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence
and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments.

SECTION 3.5Reimbursement.
If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement
by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on
the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York
City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than
12:00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if
such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions
to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.3(a) or 2.2 that such payment be financed
with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation
to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable.
If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement,
the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lenders Commitment Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt
of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Commitment Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower,
in the same manner as provided in Section 5.7(a) with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 5.7(a) shall
apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the respective
Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from
the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.5, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the respective Issuing
Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this Section 3.5 to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then
to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this Section 3.5 to
reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Credit Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated
above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement.

59

SECTION 3.6Obligations
Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in Section 3.5 shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances
whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement
or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving
to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment
by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the
terms of such Letter of Credit or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing,
that might, but for the provisions of this Section 3.6, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right
of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor
any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or
transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred
to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, document,
notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder),
any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of
the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the
Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of
which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing
Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with
the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an
Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in
each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect
to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank
may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless
of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict
compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

SECTION 3.7Disbursement
Procedures. The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the
Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter
of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed
by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder;
provided that such notice need not be given prior to payment by the Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in giving such
notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement.

SECTION 3.8Interim
Interest. If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse
such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from
and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable at the rate per
annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Credit Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement
is payable; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to Section 3.5,
then Section 5.1(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this Section 3.8 shall be for the account
of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 to
reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.

SECTION 3.9Replacement
and Resignation of an Issuing Bank.

(a)An
Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank
and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the
time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing
Bank pursuant to Section 5.3(c). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing
Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued
by it thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or
to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement
of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations
of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required
to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit.

60

(b)Subject
to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty
days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank
shall be replaced in accordance with Section 3.9(a) above.

SECTION 3.10Cash
Collateralization.

(a)If
any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50%
of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this Section 3.10, the Borrower shall deposit
in an account or accounts with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the
Collateral Account), an amount in cash equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued
and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately,
and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event
of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 11.1(i) or (j). Such deposit shall be held by the
Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition,
and without limiting the foregoing or Section 3.3, if any LC Exposure remain outstanding after the expiration date specified
in Section 3.3, the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105% of such
LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other
than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the
Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any,
on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse
each Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs and customary processing
charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the
LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure
representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide
an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as
aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.

SECTION 3.11Letters
of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any
obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant,
customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any
rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect
of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such
Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the
account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor
or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges
that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers
business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

61

ARTICLE IV

TERM LOAN
FACILITY

SECTION 4.1Initial
Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (i) each
Term Loan Lender with a Term Loan Commitment in respect of Initial Term Loans severally agrees to make Initial Term Loans to the
Borrower in Dollars on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Term Loan Lenders Term Loan Commitment and (ii) each Term
Loan Lender with an Incremental Term Loan Commitment severally agrees to make Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower in Dollars on the
relevant borrowing date in an amount equal to such Term Loan Lenders applicable Incremental Term Loan Commitment. All such Term
Loans shall be made on the applicable date by making immediately available funds available to the Administrative Agents designated
account or to such other account or accounts as may be designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, not later than
the time specified by the Administrative Agent. The full amount of the Term Loan Commitments in respect of the Initial Term Loans must
be drawn in a single drawing on the Closing Date. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be re-borrowed.

SECTION 4.2Procedure
for Advance of Term Loans.

(a)Each
Term Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Term Loans under the same Term Loan Facility and of the same Type made by
the Term Loan Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Term Loan Commitments under such Term Loan Facility. The failure of
any Term Loan Lender to make any Term Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Term Loan Lender of its obligations
hereunder; provided that the Term Loan Commitments of the Term Loan Lenders are several and no Term Loan Lender shall be responsible
for any other Term Loan Lenders failure to make Loans as required hereunder.

(b)Subject
to Section 5.8, each Term Loan Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Term Loans as the Borrower
may request in accordance herewith. Each Term Loan Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Term Loan by causing any domestic
or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Term Loan Lender to make such Term Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections
5.1, 5.4, 5.6, 5.7, 5.8, 5.9, 5.10 and 5.13 shall apply to such Affiliate to the
same extent as to such Term Loan Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower
to repay such Term Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c)At
the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an
integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an
aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the
same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten Term Benchmark Borrowings outstanding.

(d)Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Term Benchmark
Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the applicable Term Loan Maturity Date.

(e)To
request a Borrowing of Term Loans (other than a continuation or conversion, which is governed by Section 3.2), the Borrower
shall give the Administrative Agent a Notice of Borrowing: (a) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in
the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each Notice
of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and signed by the Borrower; provided that such Notice of Borrowing may state that it is conditioned
upon the occurrence of any specified event, in which case, subject to Section 5.9, such Notice of Borrowing may be revoked
by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date for borrowing specified therein) if such condition is
not satisfied. Each such Notice of Borrowing shall specify the following information in compliance with this Section 4.2:

62

(i)the
aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing and the Class of such Borrowing;

(ii)the
date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether
such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing;

(iv)in
the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by
the definition of the term Interest Period; and

(v)the
location and number of the Borrowers account or such other account or accounts designated in writing by the Borrower to which
funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 5.7(a).

If no election as to the
Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of one months
duration. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed
to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Notice of Borrowing in accordance
with this Section 4.2, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of the amount
of such Lenders Term Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.

SECTION 4.3Repayment
of Term Loans.

(a)Initial
Term Loans. The Borrower shall repay the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans in consecutive quarterly
installments on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and December, commencing June 30, 2025, in an amount
equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of such Initial Term Loans incurred on the Closing Date, except as the amounts of individual
installments may be adjusted pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof; provided that the final principal installment of the
Initial Term Loans shall be paid in full on the Term Loan Maturity Date in an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal of
the Initial Term Loans on such date (together with all accrued interest thereon).

(b)Incremental
Term Loans. The Borrower shall repay the aggregate outstanding principal amount of each Incremental Term Loan (if any) as determined
pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 5.13.

SECTION 4.4Prepayments
of Term Loans.

(a)Optional
Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time, without premium or penalty (except as provided
in clause (c) of this Section 4.4), to prepay the Term Loans, in whole or in part, upon delivery to the Administrative
Agent of a Notice of Prepayment not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) on the same Business Day as each ABR Loan and (ii) at least
three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Term SOFR Rate Loan, specifying the date and amount of repayment,
whether the repayment is of Term SOFR Rate Loans or ABR Loans or a combination thereof, and if a combination thereof, the amount allocable
to each and whether the repayment is of the Initial Term Loans or, if applicable, an Incremental Term Loan, an Extended Term Loan or
a Refinancing Term Loan or a combination thereof, and if a combination thereof, the amount allocable to each. Each optional prepayment
of the Term Loans hereunder shall be in an aggregate principal amount of at least $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof (or such lesser amount if the amount of such prepayment constitutes the remaining outstanding balance of the Borrowing being
prepaid) and shall be applied to the outstanding principal installments of the Initial Term Loans and, if applicable, any Incremental
Term Loans, any Extended Term Loans or any Refinancing Term Loans as directed by the Borrower. Each repayment shall be accompanied by
any amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof. A Notice of Prepayment received after 11:00 a.m. on any
day shall be deemed received on the next Business Day. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable Term Loan Lenders
of each Notice of Prepayment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Notice of Prepayment delivered in connection with any refinancing of
all of the Credit Facility with the proceeds of such refinancing or of any other incurrence of Indebtedness or the occurrence of some
other identifiable event or condition, may be, if expressly so stated to be, contingent upon the consummation of such refinancing or
incurrence or occurrence of such other identifiable event or condition and may be revoked by the Borrower in the event such contingency
is not met (provided that the delay or failure of such contingency shall not relieve the Borrower from its obligations in respect
thereof under Section 5.9).

63

(b)Mandatory
Prepayments.

(i)Debt
Issuances. The Borrower shall make mandatory principal prepayments of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in clause (v) below
in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds from any Debt Issuance of Refinancing Term Loans
and any other Debt Issuance not otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 9.1. Such prepayment shall be made within three (3) Business
Days after the date of receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of any such Debt Issuance.

(ii)Asset
Dispositions. The Borrower shall make mandatory principal prepayments of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in clause (v) below
in amounts equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Disposition permitted pursuant to, and
in accordance with, clauses (h) and/or (j) of Section 9.5 to the extent that the aggregate amount of such Net Cash
Proceeds exceed $25,000,000 during any Fiscal Year. Such prepayments shall be made within three (3) Business Days after the date
of receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of any such Asset Disposition by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded
Subsidiaries); provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other
than any Excluded Subsidiary) may cause the Net Cash Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof) to be invested within 365 days after
receipt by the Borrower or such Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) of such Net Cash Proceeds in the business of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) (including to consummate any Permitted Acquisition (or any other acquisition
of all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line
or line of business of) any Person) permitted hereunder), in which case no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 4.4(b)(ii) in
respect of the Net Cash Proceeds from such event (or such portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so invested) except to the extent of any
such Net Cash Proceeds that have not been so invested by the end of such 365-day period (or within a period of 180 days thereafter if
by the end of such initial 365-day period the Borrower or one or more Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) shall have entered
into an agreement or binding commitment to invest such Net Cash Proceeds), at which time a prepayment shall be required in an amount
equal to the Net Cash Proceeds that have not been so invested; provided, further, that the Borrower may use a portion of
such Net Cash Proceeds to prepay or repurchase any other Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the
Term Loans to the extent such other Indebtedness and the Liens securing such Indebtedness are permitted hereunder and the documentation
governing such other Indebtedness requires such a prepayment or repurchase thereof with the proceeds of such Asset Disposition, in each
case in an amount not to exceed the product of (x) the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds and (y) a fraction, the numerator of
which is the outstanding principal amount of such other Indebtedness and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of Term Loans and such other Indebtedness.

64

(iii)Insurance
and Condemnation Events. The Borrower shall make mandatory principal prepayments of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in clause
(v) below in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds from any Insurance and Condemnation
Event to the extent that the aggregate amount of such Net Cash Proceeds exceed $25,000,000 during any Fiscal Year. Such prepayments shall
be made within three (3) Business Days after the date of receipt of Net Cash Proceeds of any such Insurance and Condemnation Event
by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries); provided that, so long as no Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) may cause the Net Cash Proceeds from
such event (or a portion thereof) to be invested within 365 days after receipt by the Borrower or such Subsidiary (other than any Excluded
Subsidiary) of such Net Cash Proceeds in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) (including
to consummate any Permitted Acquisition (or any other acquisition of all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially
all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of) any Person) permitted hereunder), in which
case no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 4.4(b)(iii) in respect of the Net Cash Proceeds from such
event (or such portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so invested) except to the extent of any such Net Cash Proceeds that have not been so
invested by the end of such 365-day period (or within a period of 180 days thereafter if by the end of such initial 365-day period the
Borrower or one or more Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) shall have entered into an agreement or binding commitment
to invest such Net Cash Proceeds), at which time a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds that have
not been so invested; provided, further, that the Borrower may use a portion of such Net Cash Proceeds to prepay or repurchase
any other Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Term Loans to the extent such other Indebtedness
and the Liens securing such Indebtedness are permitted hereunder and the documentation governing such other Indebtedness requires such
a prepayment or repurchase thereof with the proceeds of such Insurance and Condemnation Event, in each case in an amount not to exceed
the product of (x) the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal
amount of such other Indebtedness and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Term Loans and such other
Indebtedness.

(iv)Excess
Cash Flow. After the end of each Fiscal Year (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2026), within five (5) Business
Days after the earlier to occur of (x) the delivery of the financial statements and related Officers Compliance Certificate
for such Fiscal Year and (y) the date on which the financial statements and the related Officers Compliance Certificate for
such fiscal year are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) and Section 8.2(a), the Borrower
shall make mandatory principal prepayments of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in clause (v) below in an amount equal to (A) the
then applicable ECF Percentage of Excess Cash Flow, if any, for such Fiscal Year minus (B) the aggregate amount of all (i) optional
prepayments of Revolving Credit Loans during such Fiscal Year (solely to the extent accompanied by permanent optional reductions in the
Revolving Credit Commitments) and all optional prepayments of any Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.4(a) during such
Fiscal Year and (ii) purchases of Term Loans pursuant to Section 13.9(g) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary during
such fiscal year (determined by the actual cash purchase price paid by such Person for any such purchase and not the par value of the
Term Loans purchased by such Person) (in each case other than with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving indebtedness)).

65

(v)Notice;
Manner of Payment. Upon the occurrence of any event triggering the prepayment requirement under clauses (i) through and
including (iv) above, the Borrower shall promptly deliver a Notice of Prepayment to the Administrative Agent and upon receipt
of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly (other than a prepayment with the proceeds of Refinancing Term Loans) so
notify the applicable Term Loan Lenders. Each prepayment of the Term Loans under this Section 4.4 shall be applied on a prorata basis
among the Initial Term Loans and, if applicable, Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and Refinancing Term Loans (as
determined based on the then outstanding principal amount of each such Term Loan), except to the extent that any applicable
amendment or other governing document implementing an Incremental Term Loan, Extended Term Loan and/or Refinancing Term Loan
provides that the applicable Class of Term Loans made thereunder shall be entitled to less than prorata
treatment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each prepayment of Term Loans under Section 4.4(b)(i) with proceeds of
Refinancing Term Loans shall be applied solely to the Class of Term Loans being Refinanced thereby. Amounts so applied shall be
further applied (A) on a prorata basis to the remaining scheduled principal installments of the Initial
Term Loans and (B) as determined by the Borrower and the applicable Class of Term Loan Lenders to reduce the remaining
scheduled principal installments of any Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and/or Refinancing Term Loans. Each prepayment
shall be accompanied by any amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9.

(vi)No
Reborrowings. Amounts prepaid under the Term Loan pursuant to this Section 4.4 may not be reborrowed.

(c)Call
Premium. In the event that, on or prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Borrower (i) makes any
prepayment or repayment of the Initial Term Loans in connection with any Repricing Transaction (as defined below) or (ii) effects
any amendment of this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable
account of each applicable Term Loan Lender, a fee in an amount equal to, (x) in the case of clause (i), a prepayment premium of
1.0% of the amount of the Initial Term Loans being prepaid and (y) in the case of clause (ii), a payment equal to 1.0% of the aggregate
amount of the Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to such amendment that are subject to such amendment (including, without
limitation, any Initial Term Loans of a Non-Consenting Lender that is replaced pursuant to Section 5.12(b) in connection
with such amendment). Such fees shall be due and payable within three (3) Business Days of the date of the effectiveness of such
Repricing Transaction. For the purpose of this clause (c), Repricing Transaction means (x) any prepayment or
repayment of the Initial Term Loans with the proceeds of, or any conversion of the Initial Term Loans, as the case may be, into, any
new or replacement tranche of term loans or Indebtedness incurred for the primary purpose (as determined in good faith by the Borrower)
of reducing the Effective Yield to an amount less than the Effective Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans and (y) any amendment,
amendment and restatement, mandatory assignment or other transaction that reduces, and the primary purpose of which (as determined in
good faith by the Borrower) was the reduce, the Effective Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans but which in each case does not
include any refinancing that involves a transaction that, if consummated, would constitute a Change in Control or any other transaction
not otherwise permitted by this Agreement.

66

ARTICLE V

GENERAL
LOAN PROVISIONS

SECTION 5.1Interest.

(a)Interest
Rate Options. Subject to the provisions of this Section 5.1, at the election of the Borrower, (i) the Initial Term
Loans shall bear interest at (A) the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or (B) the Term SOFR Rate plus
the Applicable Margin, (ii) the Revolving Credit Loans shall bear interest at (A) the Alternate Base Rate plus the
Applicable Margin, (B) Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Margin or (C) the Term SOFR Rate plus the Applicable
Margin and (iii) Swingline Loans shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. The Borrower
shall select the rate of interest and Interest Period, if any, applicable to any Loan at the time a Notice of Borrowing is given or at
the time a Notice of Conversion/Continuation is given pursuant to Section 5.2.

(b)Default
Rate. Subject to Section 11.3, immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
under Section 11.1(a), (b), (i) or (j), (A) the Borrower shall no longer have the option to
request SOFR Loans, Swingline Loans or Letters of Credit, (B) all outstanding Daily Simple SOFR Loans shall bear interest at a rate
per annum of two percent (2%) in excess of the rate (including the Applicable Margin) then applicable to Daily Simple SOFR Loans until
the end of the applicable calendar month and thereafter at a rate equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate (including the Applicable
Margin) then applicable to ABR Loans, (C) all outstanding Term SOFR Rate Loans shall bear interest at a rate per annum of two percent
(2%) in excess of the rate (including the Applicable Margin) then applicable to Term SOFR Rate Loans until the end of the applicable
Interest Period and thereafter at a rate per annum equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate (including the Applicable Margin)
then applicable to ABR Loans, (D) all outstanding ABR Loans and other Obligations arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate (including the Applicable Margin) then applicable
to ABR Loans or such other Obligations arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document and (E) all accrued and unpaid interest
shall be due and payable on demand of the Administrative Agent. Interest shall continue to accrue on the Obligations after the filing
by or against the Borrower of any petition seeking any relief in bankruptcy or under any Debtor Relief Law.

(c)Interest
Payment and Computation. Interest on each ABR Loan and each RFR Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment
Date applicable thereto commencing March 31, 2025; and interest on each Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be due and payable on each Interest
Payment Date applicable thereto, and if such Interest Period extends over three (3) months, at the end of each three (3) month
interval during such Interest Period. All computations of interest for ABR Loans when the Alternate Base Rate is determined by the Prime
Rate and RFR Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations
of fees and interest provided hereunder shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees
or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365/366-day year).

(d)Maximum
Rate. In no contingency or event whatsoever shall the aggregate of all amounts deemed interest under this Agreement charged or collected
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement exceed the highest rate permissible under any Applicable Law which a court of competent jurisdiction
shall, in a final determination, deem applicable hereto. In the event that such a court determines that the Lenders have charged or received
interest hereunder in excess of the highest applicable rate, the rate in effect hereunder shall automatically be reduced to the maximum
rate permitted by Applicable Law and the Lenders shall at the Administrative Agents option (i) promptly refund to the Borrower
any interest received by the Lenders in excess of the maximum lawful rate or (ii) apply such excess to the principal balance of
the Obligations. It is the intent hereof that the Borrower not pay or contract to pay, and that neither the Administrative Agent nor
any Lender receive or contract to receive, directly or indirectly in any manner whatsoever, interest in excess of that which may be paid
by the Borrower under Applicable Law.

67

SECTION 5.2Notice
and Manner of Conversion or Continuation of Loans.

(a)Each
Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing,
shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing
to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods
therefor, all as provided in this Section 5.2. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions
of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising
such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 5.2 shall
not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.

(b)To
make an election pursuant to this Section 5.2, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the
time that a Notice of Borrowing would be required under Section 2.3 or 4.2 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing
of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Notice of Conversion/Continuation
shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; provided that, if such Notice of Conversion/Continuation
is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative
Agent.

(c)Each
Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.1 or 4.1:

(i)the
Borrowing to which such Notice of Conversion/Continuation applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different
portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant
to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing):

(ii)the
effective date of the election made pursuant to such Notice of Conversion/Continuation, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether
the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing;
and

(iv)if
the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election,
which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period.

If any such Notice of Conversion/Continuation
requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrowing shall be deemed to have selected an Interest
Period of one months duration.

(d)Promptly
following the receipt of a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof
and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

68

(e)If
the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Notice of Conversion/Continuation with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end
of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period
such Borrowing shall be deemed to have an Interest Period that is one month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then,
so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing
or, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing, and (ii) unless repaid, (A) each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall
be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (B) each RFR Borrowing shall be converted
to an ABR Borrowing on the last day of the calendar month.

SECTION 5.3Fees.

(a)Fees
Generally. The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts
and at the times as separately agreed. The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing
in the amounts and at the times so specified.

(b)Commitment
Fee. Subject to Section 5.14(a)(iii)(A), the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Revolving
Credit Lenders, a non-refundable commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) at a rate per annum equal to 0.25% per annum
on the actual daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment of the Revolving Credit Lenders (other than the Defaulting Lenders,
if any); provided, that the amount of outstanding Swingline Loans shall not be considered usage of the Revolving Credit Commitment
for the purpose of calculating the Commitment Fee. The Commitment Fee accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and
December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15th) day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to
occur after the Closing Date; provided, that, for avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall only pay the prorata
share of the Commitment Fee due for the relevant calendar quarter for the period starting on the Closing Date and ending on last
day of such calendar quarter; provided, further, that all such Commitment Fees shall be payable on the date upon which
all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due) arising under the Revolving Credit Facility shall have
been indefeasibly and irrevocably paid and satisfied in full, all Letters of Credit have been terminated or expired (or been cash collateralized)
and the Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated. The Commitment Fee shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving
Credit Lenders (other than any Defaulting Lender) prorata in accordance with such Revolving Credit Lenders
respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages.

(c)Letter
of Credit Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee
with respect to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue on the daily maximum stated amount then available
to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at the same Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark
Revolving Credit Loans, during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lenders
Revolving Credit Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing
Bank for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, which shall accrue at the
rate of 0.125% per annum on the daily maximum stated amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, during the period
from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments and the
date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, as well as such Issuing
Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit and other processing fees, and
other standard costs and charges, of such Issuing Bank relating the Letters of Credit as from time to time in effect. Participation fees
and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable
on the fifteenth (15th) day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date; provided
that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after
the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant
to this Section 5.3(c) shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting
fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day).

69

SECTION 5.4Manner
of Payment. Each payment by the Borrower on account of the principal of or interest on the Loans or of any fee, commission or other
amounts (including the Reimbursement Obligations) payable to the Lenders under this Agreement shall be made not later than 1:00 p.m. on
the date specified for payment under this Agreement to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office for the account
of the applicable Lenders entitled to such payment in Dollars, in immediately available funds and shall be made without any set off,
counterclaim or deduction whatsoever. Any payment received after such time but before 2:00 p.m. on such day shall be deemed a payment
on such date for the purposes of Section 11.1, but for all other purposes shall be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding
Business Day. Any payment received after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day for all
purposes. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of each such payment, the Administrative Agent shall distribute to each such Lender
at its address for notices set forth herein its Commitment Percentage in respect of the relevant Credit Facility (or other applicable
share as provided herein) of such payment and shall wire advice of the amount of such credit to each Lender. Each payment to the Administrative
Agent on account of the principal of or interest on the Swingline Loans or of any fee, commission or other amounts payable to the Swingline
Lender shall be made in like manner, but for the account of the Swingline Lender. Each payment to the Administrative Agent for any Issuing
Banks fees shall be made in like manner, but for the account of such Issuing Bank. Each payment to the Administrative Agent of
Administrative Agents fees or expenses shall be made for the account of the Administrative Agent and any amount payable to any
Lender under Sections 5.9, 5.10, 5.11 or 13.3 shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of
the applicable Lender. Subject to the definitions of Interest Period and Interest Payment Date, if any payment
under this Agreement shall be specified to be made upon a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be made on the next succeeding day
which is a Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in computing any interest if payable along with such
payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there exists a Defaulting Lender each payment by the Borrower to such Defaulting Lender hereunder
shall be applied in accordance with Section 5.14(a)(ii).

SECTION 5.5Evidence
of Indebtedness.

(a)Extensions
of Credit. The Extensions of Credit made by each Lender and each Issuing Bank shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records
maintained by such Lender or such Issuing Bank and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records
maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the
amount of the Extensions of Credit made by the Lenders or such Issuing Bank to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the interest and
payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the
Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records
maintained by any Lender or any Issuing Bank and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the
accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made
through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Revolving
Credit Note, Term Loan Note and/or Swingline Note, as applicable, which shall evidence such Lenders Revolving Credit Loans, Term
Loans and/or Swingline Loans, as applicable, in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Notes and
endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.

70

(b)Participations.
In addition to the accounts and records referred to in clause (a), each Revolving Credit Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain
in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Revolving Credit Lender of participations
in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative
Agent and the accounts and records of any Revolving Credit Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative
Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.

SECTION 5.6Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect
of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or other obligations hereunder resulting in such Lenders receiving payment
of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations (other than pursuant to Sections
5.9, 5.10, 5.11 or 13.3) greater than its prorata share thereof as provided herein, then
the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for
cash at face value) participations in the Loans and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall
be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount
of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them; provided that:

(i)if
any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall
be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and

(ii)the
provisions of this paragraph (ii) shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in
accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender),
(B) the application of cash collateral provided for in Section 3.10 or (C) any payment obtained by a Lender as
consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of
Credit to any assignee or participant, other than, except to the extent provided in Section 13.9(g), to the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (as to which the provisions of this paragraph (ii) shall apply).

Each Credit Party consents
to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant
to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Credit Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Credit Party in the amount of such participation.

For purposes of clause (b) of
the definition of Excluded Taxes, a Lender that acquired a participation pursuant to this Section 5.6 shall
be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier date(s) on which such Lender acquired an interest in the Commitment(s) or
Loan(s) to which such participation relates.

SECTION 5.7Funding
by Lenders; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a)Funding
by Lenders. Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately
available funds by 12:00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for
such purpose by notice to the applicable Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly
crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent and designated
by the Borrower in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or to such other account or accounts as may be designated in writing to the Administrative
Agent by the Borrower.

71

(b)Presumption
by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender (i) in the case of ABR Loans,
not later than 12:00 noon on the date of any proposed borrowing and (ii) otherwise, prior to the proposed date of any borrowing
that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such borrowing, the Administrative
Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with this Agreement and may, in reliance upon
such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of
the applicable borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to
the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date
such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case
of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the
Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent
for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid
by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount
so paid shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice
to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

(c)Payments
by the Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower
prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline
Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment
on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline
Lender, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders,
the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand
the amount so distributed to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including
the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal
Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

(d)Nature
of Obligations of Lenders. The obligations of the Lenders under this Agreement to make Loans, to issue or participate in Letters
of Credit and to make payments under this Section 5.7, Section 5.11(e), Section 12.11(c), Section 13.3(c) or
Section 13.7, as applicable, are several and are not joint or joint and several. The failure of any Lender to make available
its Commitment Percentage of any Loan requested by the Borrower shall not relieve it or any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder
to make its Commitment Percentage of such Loan available on the borrowing date, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of
any other Lender to make its Commitment Percentage of such Loan available on the borrowing date.

72

SECTION 5.8Alternate
Rate of Interest.

(a)Subject
to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 5.8, if

(i)the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of
any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate
(including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or (B) at
any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Daily Simple SOFR; or

(ii)the
Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark
Borrowing, the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of
making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, Daily Simple
SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lender (or Lenders) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included
in such Borrowing;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice
thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the
Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect
to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Notice of Conversion/Continuation in accordance with the terms of
Section 5.2 or new Notice of Borrowing in accordance with the terms of Section 2.3 or 4.2(e), (1) any
Notice of Conversion/Continuation that requests the conversion of any ABR Borrowing to, or continuation of any ABR Borrowing as, a Term
Benchmark Borrowing and any Notice of Borrowing that requests a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Notice
of Conversion/Continuation or a Notice of Borrowing, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not
also the subject of Section 5.8(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if Daily Simple SOFR
also is the subject of Section 5.8(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Notice of Borrowing that requests
an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Notice of Borrowing, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing if Daily Simple SOFR also is
subject to Section 5.8(a)(i) or (ii) above; provided if the circumstances giving rise to such notice
affect only one Type of Borrowing, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or
RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 5.8(a) with
respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies
the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark
and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Notice of Conversion/Continuation in accordance with the terms of Section 5.2 or
new Notice of Borrowing in accordance with the terms of Section 2.3 or 4.2(e), (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall
on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an
RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 5.8(a)(i) or (ii) above or
(y) an ABR Loan if Daily Simple SOFR is also subject of Section 5.8(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such date,
and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such date be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan
if Daily Simple SOFR also is subject to Section 5.8(a)(i) or (ii) above.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Obligation shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document
for purposes of this Section 5.8), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred
prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined
in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such
Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark (including any related adjustments) for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document
in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any
other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause
(2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will
replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without
any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative
Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required
Lenders of each affected Class.

73

(c)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the
removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of
any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 5.8, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking
any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and
without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant
to this Section 5.8.

(e)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for
such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided
a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative,
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such
time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above
either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is
not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark
Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at
or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(f)Upon
the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request
for (i) a Term Benchmark Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued or
(ii) a RFR Borrowing or conversion to RFR Loans, during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will
be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, as applicable, into a request for a Borrowing
of or conversion to (A) solely with respect to any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily
Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a
Benchmark Transition Event. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is
not an Available Tenor, the component of Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark,
as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan
is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect
to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented
pursuant to this Section 5.8, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan,
be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the
subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event,
on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an
ABR Loan.

74

SECTION 5.9Indemnity.
The Borrower hereby indemnifies each of the Lenders against any loss or expense (including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation
or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain a Term SOFR Rate Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such
funds were obtained) which may arise or be attributable to each Lenders obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits or other
funds acquired to effect, fund or maintain any Loan (a) as a consequence of any failure by the Borrower to make any payment when
due of any amount due hereunder in connection with a Term SOFR Rate Loan, (b) due to any failure of the Borrower to borrow or continue
a SOFR Loan or convert to a SOFR Loan on a date specified therefor in a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation, (c) due
to any failure of the Borrower to prepay any SOFR Loan on a date specified therefor in any Notice of Prepayment (regardless of whether
any such Notice of Prepayment may be revoked under Section 2.4(c) or 4.4(a) and is revoked in accordance
therewith), (d) due to any payment, prepayment or conversion of any Term SOFR Rate Loan on a date other than, with respect to any
Term SOFR Rate Loan, the last day of the Interest Period therefor (including as a result of an Event of Default) or (e) the assignment
of any SOFR Loan other than on, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan, the last day of the Interest Period therefor, as a result of
a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.12(b). The amount of such loss or expense shall be determined, in the applicable
Lenders sole discretion, based upon the assumption that such Lender funded its ratable portion of the Term SOFR Rate Loans and
using any reasonable attribution or averaging methods which such Lender deems appropriate and practical. A certificate of such Lender
setting forth the basis for determining such amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender shall be forwarded to the Borrower
through the Administrative Agent and shall be conclusively presumed to be correct save for manifest error.

SECTION 5.10Increased
Costs.

(a)Increased
Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets
of, deposits with or for the account of, or advances, loans or other credit extended or participated in by any Lender or any Issuing
Bank; or

(ii)subject
any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the
definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments,
or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

(iii)impose
on any Lender or any Issuing Bank any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such
Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;

75

and the result of any of the foregoing shall
be to increase the cost to such Lender, any Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining
any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such
other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in
or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such
other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon written request of such Lender, such Issuing
Bank or such other Recipient, the Borrower shall promptly pay to any such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case
may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may
be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)Capital
Requirements. If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any
Lending Office of such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, regarding
capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such Issuing
Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence
of this Agreement, the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline
Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing
Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into
consideration such Lenders or such Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks
holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time upon written request of such Lender or such Issuing
Bank the Borrower shall promptly pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction
suffered.

(c)Certificates
for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender, or an Issuing Bank or such other Recipient setting forth the amount or amounts necessary
to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, such other Recipient or any of their respective holding companies, as the case may be,
as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 5.10 and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, the amount shown
as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.

(d)Delay
in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or such other Recipient to demand compensation pursuant
to this Section 5.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks or such other Recipients
right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Lender or any Issuing Bank
or any other Recipient pursuant to this Section 5.10 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine
(9) months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower
of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks or such
other Recipients intention to claim compensation therefor (except that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs
or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect
thereof).

SECTION 5.11Taxes.

(a)Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Section 5.11, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term Applicable
Law includes FATCA.

76

(b)Payments
Free of Taxes. All payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be made without
deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith
discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by any Withholding
Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount
deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax,
then the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that, after all such deductions or withholdings
have been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.11),
the applicable Lender (or, in the case of payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives
an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(c)Payment
of Other Taxes by the Credit Parties. The Credit Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(d)Indemnification
by the Credit Parties. The Credit Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after
demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to
amounts payable under this Section 5.11) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted with respect
to a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment
or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its
own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(e)Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor,
for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Credit Party has not already indemnified
the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so), (ii) any
Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 13.9(d) relating to the maintenance
of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the
Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether
or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount
of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender
hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document
or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent
under this Section 5.11(e).

(f)Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Credit Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 5.11,
such Credit Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

77

(g)Status
of Lenders.

(i)Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit
such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such
Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.

(ii)Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(A)any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from United States federal backup withholding
tax;

(B)any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior
to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable
request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two of whichever of the following is applicable:

(1)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party executed copies of IRS
Form W-8BEN or W-BEN-E, as applicable;

(2)executed
copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code and that no payments under any Loan Documents are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business (a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-BEN-E, as applicable; or

(4)to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where such Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender),
executed original copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-BEN-E, as applicable,
a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, IRS Form W-9,
and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership
(and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest
exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on
behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s);

78

(C)any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other
form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding Tax, duly
completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to United States federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or
1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed
by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with
their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine
the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 5.11(g)(ii)(D), FATCA
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if
any documentation it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly update such documentation
or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section 5.11(g), no Lender shall not be required to deliver any documentation pursuant to this Section 5.11(g) that
it is not legally eligible.

Each Lender hereby authorizes
the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Credit Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such
Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.11(g).

(h)Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5.11 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 5.11), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity
payments made under this Section 5.11 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority
with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party
the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 5.11(h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed
by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.11(h), in no event will the indemnified party be required
to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party
in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving
rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with
respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 5.11(h) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party
to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party
or any other Person.

79

(i)Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 5.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

SECTION 5.12Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)Designation
of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.10, or requires the Borrower to pay
any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.11,
then such Lender shall, at the request of the Borrower, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or
booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if,
in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.10
or Section 5.11, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost
or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b)Replacement
of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.10, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified
Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.11,
and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 5.12(a),
or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice
to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject
to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 13.9), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing
rights to payments pursuant to Section 5.10 or Section 5.11) and obligations under this Agreement and the related
Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts
such assignment); provided that:

(i)the
Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 13.9;

(ii)such
Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements
and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents
(including any amounts under Section 5.9) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest
and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts, including any amounts under Section 4.4(c));

(iii)in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 5.10 or payments required to be made
pursuant to Section 5.11, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;

80

(iv)such
assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law; and

(v)in
the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to
the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.

A Lender shall not be required
to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling
the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

SECTION 5.13Incremental
Increases.

(a)At
any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent elect to request (1) the establishment
of one or more incremental term loan commitments (any such incremental term loan commitment, an Incremental Term Loan Commitment)
to make additional term loans, including a borrowing of an additional term loan the principal amount of which will be added to the outstanding
principal amount of any existing Class of Term Loans (any such additional term loan, an Incremental Term Loan)
and/or (2) one or more increases in the Revolving Credit Commitments (each, an Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase
and, together with the Incremental Term Loan Commitments and Incremental Term Loans, the Incremental Increases);
provided that (i) the total aggregate principal amount of such Incremental Increases shall not exceed the Incremental Facilities
Limit and (ii) the aggregate initial amount for each Incremental Increase (and any Incremental Term Loans made thereunder) shall
not, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, be less than a minimum principal amount of $10,000,000 or, if less, the
remaining amount permitted pursuant to the foregoing clause (i). Each such notice shall specify the date (each, an Increased
Amount Date) on which the Borrower proposes that any Incremental Increase shall be effective, which shall be a date not less
than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to Administrative Agent (or such other date as may
be approved by the Administrative Agent). The Borrower may invite any Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender and/or any Approved Fund, and/or
any other Person reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, to provide an Incremental Increase or any portion thereof (any
such Person, an Incremental Lender); provided that the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and/or the
Swingline Lender, as applicable, shall have consented (such consent not to be unreasonably withhold or delayed) to such Incremental Lenders
providing such Incremental Increases to the extent such consent would be required under Section 13.9(b) for an assignment
of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, to such Incremental Lender. Any proposed Incremental Lender offered or approached to provide
all or a portion of any Incremental Increase may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Incremental Increase. Any
Incremental Increase shall become effective as of such Increased Amount Date; provided that, subject to Section 1.11,
each of the following conditions has been satisfied or waived as of such Increased Amount Date:

(A)no
Default or Event of Default shall exist on such Increased Amount Date immediately before or immediately after giving effect on a Pro
Forma Basis to any Incremental Term Loan Commitment, the making of any Incremental Term Loans pursuant thereto, any Incremental Revolving
Credit Facility Increase and any Specified Transactions consummated in connection therewith;

(B)the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received from the Borrower an Officers Compliance Certificate demonstrating, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that the Borrower is in compliance with the Financial Covenant
based on the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or 8.1(b), as applicable,
both before and after giving effect (on a Pro Forma Basis) to any Incremental Term Loan Commitments or Incremental Revolving Credit
Facility Increase, the making of any Incremental Increases pursuant thereto (with any Incremental Increase being deemed to be fully
funded), and any Specified Transactions consummated in connection therewith and Borrower has obtained the prior written consent of Fannie
Mae;

81

(C)each
of the representations and warranties contained in Articles VII and X shall be true and correct in all material respects,
except to the extent any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, in which
case, such representation and warranty shall be true, correct and complete in all respects, on such Increased Amount Date with the same
effect as if made on and as of such date (except for any such representation and warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier
date, which representation and warranty shall remain true and correct as of such earlier date);

(D)the
proceeds of any Incremental Increase shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Credit Parties (including, without limitation,
capital expenditures, acquisitions, working capital and/or purchase price adjustments, the payment of transaction fees and expenses,
other Investments, Restricted Payments and/or any other purpose not prohibited by the Loan Documents);

(E)each
Incremental Term Loan Commitment (and the Incremental Term Loans made thereunder) and each Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase
shall constitute Obligations of the Borrower and shall be secured and guaranteed with the other Loans on a pari passu basis;

(F)in
the case of each Incremental Term Loan (the terms of which shall be set forth in the relevant Lender Joinder Agreement):

(1)such
Incremental Term Loan will mature and amortize in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Incremental Lenders making such Incremental Term
Loan and the Borrower, but will not in any event have a shorter Weighted Average Life to Maturity than the remaining Weighted Average
Life to Maturity of the Initial Term Loans or a maturity date earlier than the Term Loan Maturity Date;

(2)the
interest rate margins, fees and, subject to clause (F)(1) above, amortization schedule, applicable to any Incremental Term Loan
shall be determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders; provided that in the event that the Effective Yield
for any Incremental Term Loan incurred by the Borrower prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date under any
Incremental Term Loan Commitment is higher than the Effective Yield for the outstanding Initial Term Loans hereunder immediately prior
to the incurrence of the applicable Incremental Term Loans by more than 50 basis points, then the Applicable Margin for the Initial Term
Loans at the time such Incremental Term Loans are incurred shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the Effective Yield for
the Initial Term Loans is equal to the Effective Yield for such Incremental Term Loans minus 50 basis points; and

(3)except
as provided above, all other terms and conditions applicable to any Incremental Term Loan, to the extent not consistent with the terms
and conditions applicable to the Initial Term Loans, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (provided that
such other terms and conditions shall not be materially more favorable to the Lenders under any Incremental Term Loans than such other
terms and conditions under the Initial Term Loans);

82

(G)any
Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase shall have the same terms (other than upfront fees and any arrangement or similar fees
payable in connection with such Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase) as the Revolving Credit Commitments in effect on the
Closing Date, and shall form part of the same Class of Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans; provided
that, if required to establish an Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase, the pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors and
fees (other than any upfront fees and any arrangement or similar fees payable in connection with such Incremental Revolving Credit Facility
Increase) applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments in effect on the Closing Date may be increased such that the Incremental Revolving
Credit Facility Increase and Revolving Credit Commitments in effect on the Closing Date shall form part of the same Class of Revolving
Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans;

(H)such
Incremental Increases shall be effected pursuant to one or more Lender Joinder Agreements executed and delivered by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and the applicable Incremental Lenders (which Lender Joinder Agreement may, without the consent of any other Lenders,
effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 5.13); and

(I)the
Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any customary legal opinions or other documents (including, without limitation, a resolution
duly adopted by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of each Credit Party authorizing such Incremental Term Loan and/or
Incremental Term Loan Commitment and/or Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase) and such written consent or acknowledgement,
if any, from each Agency with respect to such Incremental Increase as may be necessary or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent
in connection with any such transaction (which such consents or acknowledgments shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Incremental Lenders).

(b)The
Incremental Term Loans shall be deemed to be Term Loans; provided that any such Incremental Term Loan that is not added to the
outstanding principal balance of a pre-existing Term Loan shall be designated as a separate Class of Term Loans for all purposes
of this Agreement. Each party hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Lender Joinder Agreement, this Agreement shall
be amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments
evidenced thereby. Any amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document that is necessary to effect the provisions of this Section 5.13
shall be deemed Loan Documents hereunder. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent may
take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that all Incremental Term Loans (other than Incremental Term Loans designated
as a separate Class of Term Loans), when originally made, are included in each Borrowing of the outstanding Initial Term Loans on
a prorata basis.

(i)The
Incremental Lenders shall be included in any determination of the Required Lenders and, unless otherwise agreed, the Incremental Lenders
will not constitute a separate voting class for any purposes under this Agreement.

(c)On
any Increased Amount Date on which any Incremental Term Loan Commitment becomes effective, subject to the foregoing terms and conditions,
each Incremental Lender with an Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall make, or be obligated to make, an Incremental Term Loan to the
Borrower in an amount equal to its Incremental Term Loan Commitment and shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Incremental
Term Loan Commitment and the Incremental Term Loan made pursuant thereto.

83

(d)On
any Increased Amount Date on which any Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase becomes effective, the outstanding Revolving Credit
Loans and Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages of Swingline Loans and LC Exposures will be reallocated by the Administrative Agent
on the applicable Increased Amount Date among the Revolving Credit Lenders (including the Incremental Lenders providing such Incremental
Revolving Credit Facility Increase) in accordance with their revised Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages (and the Revolving Credit
Lenders (including the Incremental Lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase) agree to make all payments
and adjustments necessary to effect such reallocation and the Borrower shall pay any and all costs required pursuant to Section 5.10
in connection with such reallocation as if such reallocation were a repayment).

SECTION 5.14Defaulting
Lenders.

(a)Defaulting
Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender,
then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:

(i)Waivers
and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this
Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders, Required Revolving Credit Lenders
or Required Term Loan Lenders and Section 13.2.

(ii)Defaulting
Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account
of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article XI or otherwise) or received
by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 13.4 shall be applied at such time or times as may
be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to
the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment, on a prorata basis, of any amounts owing by such
Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect
to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 3.10; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default
or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof
as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released prorata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting
Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (B) cash collateralize future
LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance
with Section 3.10; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender
as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender against
such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a
result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such
Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting
Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the
principal amount of any Loans, funded participations in Swingline Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender
has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when
the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay
the Loans of, funded participations in Swingline Loans and LC Disbursements owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a prorata
basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, funded participations in Swingline Loans or LC Disbursements owed to,
such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding
to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders prorata in accordance with
the Revolving Credit Commitments without giving effect to Section 5.14(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts
paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral
pursuant to this Section 5.14(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender
irrevocably consents hereto.

84

(iii)Certain
Fees.

(A)No
Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and
the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).

(B)Each
Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit fees pursuant to Section 5.3 for any period during which
that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the stated amount of
Letters of Credit for which it has provided cash collateral pursuant to Section 3.10.

(C)With
respect to any Commitment Fee or Letter of Credit fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or
(B) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such
Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in LC Exposures or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated
to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to each applicable Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender,
as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Banks
LC Exposure or the Swingline Lenders Swingline Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining
amount of any such fee.

(iv)Reallocation
of Participations to Reduce Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lenders participation in LC Exposures and Swingline
Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages
(calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation
does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving
Credit Commitment. Subject to Section 13.23, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim
of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of
a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

(v)Cash
Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can only partially,
be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first,
repay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize
the Issuing Banks LC Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 3.10.

85

(vi)Voting.
The Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders
have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 13.2);
provided that this clause (vi) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or
other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby.

(b)Defaulting
Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender agree in writing that a Lender
is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified
in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral),
such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other
actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters
of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held prorata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable
Credit Facility (without giving effect to Section 5.14(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;
provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower
while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed
by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any
claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

SECTION 5.15Extension
of Term Loan Maturity Date.

(a)The
Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent (an Extension Request), which shall promptly notify
the applicable Class of Term Loan Lenders, request one or more extensions of the maturity date applicable to the Term Loans of such
Class (each, an Existing Term Loan Tranche and the extended loans of such Class, the Extended Term
Loans) then in effect (such existing maturity date applicable to such Class of Term Loans being the Existing
Term Loan Maturity Date) to a date specified in such Extension Request.

(b)Each
Extension Request shall specify (i) the date on which the Borrower proposes that the extension shall be effective, which shall be
a date not less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than thirty (30) days after the date of such Extension Request (or such longer
or shorter periods as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion), (ii) the Existing Term Loan Tranche to be extended,
(iii) the amount of the Existing Term Loan Tranche that is subject to such Extension Request and (iv) the proposed maturity
date of such Extended Term Loan. Within the time period specified in such Extension Request, each applicable Term Loan Lender shall notify
the Administrative Agent whether it consents to such extension (which consent may be given or withheld in such Term Loan Lenders
sole and absolute discretion). Each Term Loan Lender of the Existing Term Loan Tranche shall be offered the opportunity to participate
in such extension on a prorata basis and on the same terms and conditions as each other Term Loan Lender of the Existing
Term Loan Tranche pursuant to procedures established by, or reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Any
Term Loan Lender not responding within the above time period shall be deemed not to have consented to such extension. The Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the applicable Term Loan Lenders of such Term Loan Lenders responses. If the aggregate
principal amount of the Existing Term Loan Tranche in respect of which the applicable Term Loan Lenders that have accepted the Extension
Request exceeds the amount set forth in such Extension Request, then such accepting Term Loan Lenders Term Loans of the Existing
Term Loan Tranche shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts with respect to which
such Term Loan Lenders have accepted such Extension Request.

86

(c)The
maturity date applicable to any Class of Term Loans shall be extended only with respect to such Existing Term Loan Tranche held
by such Term Loan Lenders that have consented thereto (it being understood and agreed that no other Term Loan Lender consents shall be
required hereunder for such extensions). If so extended, the scheduled maturity date with respect to the Term Loans of the relevant Class so
extended shall be the date specified in the Extension Request, which shall become the new maturity date of the applicable Class of
Term Loans established pursuant to such extension (such maturity date for the Term Loans so affected, the Extended Term Loan
Maturity Date). The Administrative Agent shall promptly confirm to the applicable Term Loan Lenders such extension, specifying
the effective date of such extension and the Extended Term Loan Maturity Date (after giving effect to such extension) applicable to the
Extended Term Loans.

(d)The
proposed terms of the Extended Term Loans to be established shall be identical to the Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche
from which such Extended Term Loans are to be amended, except that:

(i)the
maturity date of the Extended Term Loans shall be later than the maturity date of the applicable Existing Term Loan Tranche;

(ii)the
Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity
of the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche;

(iii)the
Effective Yield with respect to the Extended Term Loans (whether in the form of interest rate margin, upfront fees, original issue discount,
interest rate floors or otherwise) may be different than the Effective Yield for the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche, in
each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment;

(iv)the
Extension Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply solely to any period after the final maturity date of the Term
Loans that are in effect on the effective date of the Extension Amendment (immediately prior to the establishment of such Extended Term
Loans);

(v)Extended
Term Loans may have call protection as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Term Loan Lenders thereof; and

(vi)the
Extended Term Loans may participate on a prorata or less than prorata (but not greater than prorata)
basis in mandatory prepayments with the other Term Loans.

(e)Notwithstanding
the terms of Section 13.2, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled (without the consent of any other
Lenders except to the extent required above under this Section 5.15) to enter into any amendments (an Extension
Amendment) to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent believes are necessary to appropriately reflect, or provide for
the integration of, any extension of the maturity date and other amendments applicable to any Class of Term Loans pursuant to this
Section 5.15.

87

SECTION 5.16Extension
of Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

(a)The
Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent (a Revolving Credit Extension Request), which shall
promptly notify the applicable Revolving Credit Lenders, request one or more extensions of the maturity date applicable to the Revolving
Credit Loans of such Class (each, an Existing Revolving Credit Loan Tranche and the extended loans of such
Class, the Extended Revolving Credit Loans) then in effect (such existing maturity date applicable to such Class of
Revolving Credit Loans being the Existing Revolving Credit Maturity Date) to a date specified in such Extension
Request.

(b)Each
Revolving Credit Extension Request shall specify (i) the date on which the Borrower proposes that the extension shall be effective,
which shall be a date not less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than thirty (30) days after the date of such Revolving Credit
Extension Request (or such longer or shorter periods as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion), (ii) the Existing
Revolving Credit Loan Tranche to be extended, (iii) the amount of the Existing Revolving Credit Loan Tranche that is subject to
such Revolving Credit Extension Request and (iv) the proposed maturity date of such Extended Revolving Credit Loan. Within the time
period specified in such Revolving Credit Extension Request, each applicable Revolving Credit Lender shall notify the Administrative
Agent whether it consents to such extension (which consent may be given or withheld in such Revolving Credit Lenders sole and
absolute discretion). Each Revolving Credit Lender of the Existing Revolving Credit Loan Tranche shall be offered the opportunity to
participate in such extension on a prorata basis and on the same terms and conditions as each other Revolving Credit
Lender of the Existing Revolving Credit Loan Tranche pursuant to procedures established by, or reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower. Any Revolving Credit Lender not responding within the above time period shall be deemed not to have consented
to such extension. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the applicable Revolving Credit Lenders of such Revolving
Credit Lenders responses. If the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Revolving Credit Loan Tranche in respect of which
the applicable Revolving Credit Lenders that have accepted the Revolving Credit Extension Request exceeds the amount set forth in such
Revolving Credit Extension Request, then such accepting Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Loans of the Existing Revolving
Credit Loan Tranche shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts with respect to which
such Revolving Credit Lenders have accepted such Revolving Credit Extension Request.

(c)The
maturity date applicable to any Class of Revolving Credit Loans shall be extended only with respect to such Existing Revolving Credit
Loan Tranche held by such Revolving Credit Lenders that have consented thereto (it being understood and agreed that no other Revolving
Credit Lender consents shall be required hereunder for such extensions). If so extended, the scheduled maturity date with respect to
the Revolving Credit Loans of the relevant Class so extended shall be the date specified in the Revolving Credit Extension Request,
which shall become the new maturity date of the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Loans established pursuant to such extension
(such maturity date for the Revolving Credit Loans so affected, the Extended Revolving Credit Loan Maturity Date).
The Administrative Agent shall promptly confirm to the applicable Revolving Credit Lenders such extension, specifying the effective date
of such extension and the Extended Revolving Credit Loan Maturity Date (after giving effect to such extension) applicable to the Extended
Revolving Credit Loans.

(d)The
proposed terms of the Extended Revolving Credit Loans to be established shall be identical to the Revolving Credit Loans under the Existing
Revolving Credit Loan Tranche from which such Extended Revolving Credit Loans are to be amended, except that:

(i)the
maturity date of the Extended Revolving Credit Loans shall be later than the maturity date of the applicable Existing Revolving Credit
Loan Tranche; and

(ii)the
Effective Yield with respect to the Extended Revolving Credit Loans (whether in the form of interest rate margin, upfront fees, original
issue discount, interest rate floors or otherwise) may be different than the Effective Yield for the Revolving Credit Loans of such Existing
Revolving Credit Loan Tranche, in each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Revolving Extension Amendment.

88

(e)Notwithstanding
the terms of Section 13.2, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled (without the consent of any other
Lenders except to the extent required above under this Section 5.16) to enter into any amendments (a Revolving
Extension Amendment) to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent believes are necessary to appropriately reflect, or provide
for the integration of, any extension of the maturity date and other amendments applicable to any Class of Revolving Credit Loans
pursuant to this Section 5.16.

SECTION 5.17Refinancing
Amendments.

(a)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent request the establishment
of one or more additional tranches or Classes of term loans under this Agreement (Refinancing Term Loans) which
refinance, renew, replace, defease or refund (collectively, and together with any replacement of Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant
to Section 5.17(d), Refinance) one or more Classes of Term Loans under this Agreement; provided
that:

(i)no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom;

(ii)the
principal amount of such Refinancing Term Loans may not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being Refinanced plus
accrued and unpaid interest and fees thereon, any prepayment premiums applicable thereto and reasonable fees, costs and expenses
incurred in connection therewith;

(iii)the
Net Cash Proceeds of such Refinancing Term Loans shall be applied, concurrently or substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof,
solely to the repayment of the outstanding amount of one or more Classes of Term Loans being Refinanced thereby;

(iv)each
Class of Refinancing Term Loans shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof
(or such other amount necessary to repay any Class of outstanding Term Loans in full);

(v)the
final maturity date of such Refinancing Term Loans shall not be earlier than the maturity date of the Term Loans being Refinanced, and
the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Refinancing Term Loans shall be no earlier than the then remaining Weighted Average Life
to Maturity of each Class of Term Loans being Refinanced;

(vi)subject
to clause (v) above, such Refinancing Term Loans shall have pricing (including interest rates, fees and premiums), amortization,
optional prepayment, mandatory prepayment and redemption terms as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the relevant Refinancing Term
Lenders, so long as, in the case of any mandatory prepayment or redemption provisions, such Refinancing Term Loans do not participate
on a greater basis in any such prepayments as compared to the Term Loans being Refinanced;

(vii)all
other terms applicable to such Refinancing Term Loans shall be substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) be otherwise not more
favorable to (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) the lenders providing such Refinancing Term Loans than those applicable to the
then outstanding Term Loans, except to the extent such covenants and other terms apply solely to any period after the latest final maturity
date of the Term Loans existing at the time of such refinancing or replacement;

89

(viii)such
Refinancing Term Loans shall not be secured by (i) Liens on assets other than assets securing the Indebtedness being Refinanced
or (ii) Liens having a higher priority than the Liens, if any, securing the Indebtedness being Refinanced;

(ix)no
Subsidiary is a borrower or a guarantor with respect to such Refinancing Term Loans unless such Subsidiary is a Credit Party which shall
have previously or substantially concurrently guaranteed the Secured Obligations; and

(x)no
existing Lender shall be required to provide any Refinancing Term Loans.

(b)Each
such notice pursuant to Section 5.17(a) shall specify the date (each, a Refinancing Term Loan Effective Date)
on which the Borrower proposes that the Refinancing Term Loans be made, which shall be a date reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent.

(c)The
Borrower may approach any Lender or any other Person that would be an Eligible Assignee of Term Loans pursuant to Section 13.9
to provide all or a portion of the Refinancing Term Loans (each a Refinancing Term Lender); provided
that any Lender offered or approached to provide all or a portion of the Refinancing Term Loans may elect or decline, in its sole discretion,
to provide a Refinancing Term Loan. Any Refinancing Term Loans made on any Refinancing Term Loan Effective Date shall be designated a
series (a Refinancing Term Loan Series) of Refinancing Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement; provided
that any Refinancing Term Loans may, to the extent provided in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, be designated as an increase
in any previously established Refinancing Term Loan Series of Refinancing Term Loans made to the Borrower.

(d)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent establish one or more additional
facilities (Replacement Revolving Credit Facilities) providing for revolving commitments (Replacement
Revolving Credit Commitments) under this Agreement, in each case, which replace in whole or in part any Class of Revolving
Credit Commitments under this Agreement. Each such notice shall specify the date (each, a Replacement Revolving Credit Facility
Effective Date) on which the Borrower proposes that the Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments shall become effective, which
shall be a date not less than five (5) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent
(or such shorter period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that (i) immediately
before and immediately after giving effect to the establishment of such Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments on the Replacement Revolving
Credit Facility Effective Date, each of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall be satisfied, (ii) after giving
effect to the establishment of any Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments and any concurrent reduction in the aggregate amount of any
other Revolving Credit Commitments, the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Revolving Credit Commitments outstanding immediately prior to the applicable Replacement Revolving Credit Facility Effective Date plus
amounts used to pay fees, premiums, costs and expenses (including upfront fees) and accrued interest associated therewith; (iii) other
than Permitted Inside Maturity Debt, no Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments shall have a final maturity date (or require commitment
reductions or amortizations) prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Commitments being replaced; (iv) all
other terms applicable to such Replacement Revolving Credit Facility (other than provisions relating to fees, interest rates and other
pricing terms, and prepayment and commitment reduction and optional redemption terms which shall be as agreed between the Borrower and
the Lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments), shall be consistent in all material respects with the terms of
the corresponding Class of Revolving Credit Commitments so replaced or, if not consistent in any material respect with the terms
of the corresponding Class of Revolving Credit Commitments so replaced, at the option of the Borrower, either (x) reflect market
terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of such Replacement
Revolving Credit Commitments, or (y) not be materially more restrictive to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (as determined by the
Borrower in good faith), when taken as a whole, than the terms applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments so replaced (except, as
to this clause (y), to the extent such covenants and other terms (1) are also added for the benefit of the Lenders holding the other
Revolving Credit Commitments then outstanding, which shall not require consent of the Lenders holding Term Loans or Revolving Credit
Commitments then outstanding and which the Administrative Agent shall add to this Agreement upon the applicable Replacement Revolving
Credit Facility Effective Date, (2) apply solely to any period after the latest final maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility
existing at the time of incurrence or (3) are otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent); provided that
any such Replacement Revolving Credit Facilities may contain any financial maintenance covenants, so long as any such covenant shall
not be more restrictive to the Borrower than (or in addition to) those applicable to the other Revolving Credit Commitments outstanding
on the Replacement Revolving Credit Facility Effective Date (unless such covenants are also added for the benefit of the Lenders holding
the other Revolving Credit Commitments outstanding on the Replacement Revolving Credit Facility Effective Date, which shall not require
consent of the Lenders holding Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments then outstanding and which the Administrative Agent shall add
to this Agreement upon the applicable Replacement Revolving Credit Facility Effective Date); (v) there shall be no borrower and
no guarantors other than the Credit Parties in respect of such Replacement Revolving Credit Facility; and (vi) Replacement Revolving
Credit Commitments and extensions of credit thereunder shall not be secured by any asset of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than
the Collateral.

90

(e)The
Borrower may approach any Lender or any other Person that would be an Eligible Assignee of a Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to
Section 13.9 to provide all or a portion of the Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments (each, a Replacement Revolving
Credit Lender); provided that any Lender offered or approached to provide all or a portion of the Replacement Revolving
Credit Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide a Replacement Revolving Credit Commitment. Any Replacement
Revolving Credit Commitment made on any Replacement Revolving Credit Facility Effective Date shall be designated an additional Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that any Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments may,
to the extent provided in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, be designated as an increase in any previously established Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments.

(f)The
Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 5.17 (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, the payment of interest, fees, amortization or premium, as applicable, in respect of the Refinancing Term Loans
and/or Replacement Revolving Credit Facilities on the terms specified by the Borrower) and hereby waive the requirements of this Agreement
(including Section 5.6 and Section 13.2) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit such Refinancing
or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 5.17. The Refinancing Term Loans and/or Replacement Revolving Credit
Facilities shall be established pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment and such Refinancing Amendment shall be binding on the Lenders, the
Administrative Agent, the Credit Parties party thereto and the other parties hereto without the consent of any other Lender and the Lenders
hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may
be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this
Section 5.17, including in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of the Refinancing Term Loans and/or
Replacement Revolving Credit Commitments and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith and,
with respect to the Refinancing Term Loans, to adjust the amortization set forth in Section 4.3 (insofar as such schedule
relates to payments due to Lenders the Term Loans of which are Refinanced; provided that no such amendment shall reduce the prorata
share of any such payment that would have otherwise been payable to the Lenders holding Term Loans which are not being Refinanced).
The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of conditions substantially consistent
with the conditions in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt
by the Administrative Agent of (i) customary legal opinions, board resolutions and officers certificates consistent with
those delivered on the Closing Date (conformed as appropriate) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (ii) reaffirmation
agreements and/or such amendments to the Security Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure
that such Refinancing Term Loan and/or Replacement Revolving Credit Facility is provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents,
and (iii) written consent or acknowledgment from each Agency with respect to such Refinancing Term Loans and/or Replacement Revolving
Credit Facility (which such consents or acknowledgments shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Refinancing Term Lenders or the Replacement Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable).

91

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS
OF CLOSING AND BORROWING

SECTION 6.1Conditions
to Closing and Initial Extensions of Credit. The obligation of the Lenders to close this Agreement and to make the initial Loans
or issue or participate in the initial Letters of Credit, if any, is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a)Executed
Loan Documents. This Agreement, a Revolving Credit Note in favor of each Revolving Credit Lender requesting a Revolving Credit Note,
a Term Loan Note in favor of each Term Loan Lender requesting a Term Loan Note, a Swingline Note in favor of the Swingline Lender (in
each case, if requested thereby) and the Security Documents, together with any other applicable Loan Documents, shall have been duly
authorized, executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent by the parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect.

(b)Closing
Certificates; Etc. The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent:

(i)Officers
Certificate. A certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the effect that (A) since December 31, 2024, no
event has occurred or condition arisen, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect; and (B) each of the Credit Parties, as applicable, has satisfied each of the conditions set forth in
Sections 6.1(g)(iii) and (v).

(ii)Certificate
of Secretary of each Credit Party. A certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Credit Party certifying as to the incumbency and
genuineness of the signature of each officer of such Credit Party executing Loan Documents to which it is a party and certifying that
attached thereto is a true, correct and complete copy of (A) the articles or certificate of incorporation or formation (or equivalent),
as applicable, of such Credit Party and all amendments thereto, certified as of a recent date by the appropriate Governmental Authority
in its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation (or equivalent), as applicable, (B) the bylaws or other governing
document of such Credit Party as in effect on the Closing Date, (C) resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors (or other
governing body) of such Credit Party authorizing and approving the transactions contemplated hereunder and the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (D) each certificate required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(iii).

92

(iii)Certificates
of Good Standing. Certificates as of a recent date of the good standing of each Credit Party under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation, organization or formation (or equivalent), as applicable.

(iv)Opinions
of Counsel. Opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the Credit
Parties, the Loan Documents and such other matters as the Administrative Agent shall request (which such opinions shall expressly permit
reliance by permitted successors and assigns of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders).

(c)Personal
Property Collateral.

(i)Filings
and Recordings. The Administrative Agent shall have received all filings and recordations that are necessary to perfect (or reaffirm
the perfection of) the security interests of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral and the Administrative
Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that upon such filings and recordations such security
interests constitute (or continue to constitute) valid and perfected first priority Liens thereon (subject to Permitted Liens).

(ii)Pledged
Collateral. To the extent not already held by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall have received (A) original
stock certificates or other certificates evidencing the certificated Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Security Documents, together
with an undated stock power for each such certificate duly executed in blank by the registered owner thereof and (B) each original
promissory note pledged pursuant to the Security Documents together with an undated allonge for each such promissory note duly executed
in blank by the holder thereof.

(iii)Lien
Search. The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a Lien search (including a search as to judgments, bankruptcy,
tax and intellectual property matters), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory thereto, made against the Credit Parties under
the Uniform Commercial Code (or applicable judicial docket) as in effect in each jurisdiction in which filings or recordations under
the Uniform Commercial Code should be made to evidence or perfect security interests in all assets of such Credit Party, indicating among
other things that the assets of each such Credit Party are free and clear of any Lien (except for Permitted Liens).

(d)Agency
Consents. The Credit Parties shall have received (A) (i) written consent of Fannie Mae and (ii) a certificate regarding
amendment provided to Freddie Mac pursuant to that certain approval letter dated as of December 13, 2021, to the extent required
under the Agency Agreements or otherwise reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, of each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (and to the extent applicable or required, each other Investor listed
on Schedule 6.1 hereto), to the granting of the security interests contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
(including as relating to cash flows derived from mortgage loan servicing rights and related fees and other compensation) and the exercise
by the Administrative Agent of its rights and remedies as a secured party in connection therewith upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default subject to the provisions of Article 8 of the Collateral Agreement, with evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
that all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of such written consent and certificate regarding amendment provided by each of Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac have been fully satisfied and (B) written consent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, from (1) each lender (or any agent authorized to act on behalf of the lenders) under any Permitted Funding Indebtedness or
Agency Repurchase Indebtedness to the extent required by the documentation governing such Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase
Indebtedness and (2) any other Person whose consent is required as a condition to the consents otherwise required by this Section 6.1(d).

93

(e)Financial
Matters.

(i)Solvency
Certificate. The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and certified as accurate by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, that after giving effect to the Transactions,
the Credit Parties, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.

(ii)Payment
at Closing. The Borrower shall have paid or made arrangements to pay contemporaneously with closing (A) to the Administrative
Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders the fees set forth or referenced in Section 5.3 and any other accrued and unpaid fees
or commissions due hereunder, (B) all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to JPMorgan (directly to such counsel if requested
by JPMorgan) to the extent accrued and unpaid prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges
and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it
through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between
the Borrower and the Arranger) and (C) to any other Person such amount as may be due thereto in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, including all taxes, fees and other charges in connection with the execution, delivery, recording, filing and registration
of any of the Loan Documents.

(f)Senior
Notes Indenture. The Borrower and the Subsidiaries of the Borrower party thereto shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent
the executed Senior Notes Indenture.

(g)Miscellaneous.

(i)Original
Credit Agreement Refinancing. On or contemporaneously with the funding of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, the Original
Credit Agreement Refinancing shall have occurred.

(ii)PATRIOT
Act, Etc. The Borrower and each of the other Credit Parties shall have provided to:

(A)the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders the documentation and other information requested by the Administrative Agent in order to comply
with requirements of any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, and any applicable know your
customer rules and regulations; and

(B)to
each Lender requesting the same with respect to each Credit Party or Subsidiary thereof that qualifies as a legal entity customer
under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary,

in each case, requested by the Administrative
Agent or a Lender at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.

94

(iii)Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct
in all material respects, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse
Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects, on and as of such borrowing, continuation,
conversion, issuance or extension date with the same effect as if made on and as of such date (except for any such representation and
warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true and correct in all
material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to
Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date).

(iv)No
Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2024, no event shall have occurred or condition arisen, either individually or in
the aggregate, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v)No
Default. No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result after giving effect to the Loans to be made on the Closing Date.

Without limiting the generality
of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 12.3, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified
in this Section 6.1, the Administrative Agent and each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented
to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by
or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed
Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

SECTION 6.2Conditions
to Each Extension of Credit. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank
to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a)The
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects,
except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which such representation
and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects, on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment or
extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, with the same effect as if made on and as of such date (except for any such representation
and warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall remain true and correct in
all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference
to Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date).

(b)At
the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as
applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

95

Each Borrowing and each issuance,
amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date
thereof as to the matters specified in Sections 6.2(a) and (b).

ARTICLE VII

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDIT PARTIES

To induce the Administrative
Agent and Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make Extensions of Credit, the Credit Parties hereby represent
and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders both before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereunder
that:

SECTION 7.1Organization;
Power; Qualification. Each Credit Party (a) is duly organized, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, (b) has the power and authority to own its Properties and to carry
on its business as now being and hereafter proposed to be conducted and (c) is duly qualified and authorized to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the character of its Properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification and authorization except
in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. The jurisdictions in which each Credit Party is organized and qualified to do business as of the Closing Date are described on
Schedule 7.1. No Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is an EEA Financial Institution.

SECTION 7.2Ownership;
Voting Agreements. Each Subsidiary of each Credit Party as of the Closing Date is listed on Schedule 7.2. As of the Closing
Date, the capitalization of each Credit Party and its Subsidiaries consists of the number of shares, authorized, issued and outstanding,
of such classes and series, with or without par value, described on Schedule 7.2. All outstanding shares have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to any preemptive or similar rights, except as described in Schedule
7.2. As of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding stock purchase warrants, subscriptions, options, securities, instruments or
other rights of any type or nature whatsoever, which are convertible into, exchangeable for or otherwise provide for or require the issuance
of Equity Interests of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof, except as described on Schedule 7.2.

SECTION 7.3Authorization;
Enforceability. Each Credit Party has the right, power and authority and has taken all necessary corporate and other action to authorize
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in accordance with
their respective terms. This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized
officers of each Credit Party that is a party thereto, and each such document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
each Credit Party that is a party thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal Debtor Relief Laws from time to time in effect which affect
the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies.

SECTION 7.4Compliance
of Agreement, Loan Documents and Borrowing with Laws, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Loan
Documents to which each such Person is a party, in accordance with their respective terms, the Extensions of Credit hereunder and the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby do not and will not, by the passage of time, the giving of notice or otherwise, (a) require
any Governmental Approval or violate any Applicable Law relating to any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof where the failure to obtain
such Governmental Approval or such violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) conflict with,
result in a breach of or constitute a default under the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of any Credit
Party, (c) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which
such Person is a party or by which any of its properties may be bound or any Governmental Approval relating to such Person, which could,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (d) result in or require the creation
or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Person other than Permitted Liens
or (e) require any consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act in respect of, an arbitrator or Governmental Authority
and no consent of any other Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than (i) consents, authorizations, filings or other acts or consents such as have
been obtained or made and are in full force and effect (and copies of which have been provided to the Administrative Agent prior to the
date hereof), (ii) consents or filings under the UCC, and (iii) filings with the United States Copyright Office and/or the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all consents and approvals required from
any Agency (including, without limitation, FHA and HUD) under any of the Agency Agreements and from any Investor under any of the Investor
Agreements that are Material Contracts have been obtained by the Credit Parties and provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 6.2(b) and are in full force and effect.

96

SECTION 7.5Compliance
with Law; Governmental Approvals. Each Credit Party (a) has all Governmental Approvals required by any Applicable Law for it
to conduct its business, each of which is in full force and effect, is final and not subject to review on appeal and is not the subject
of any pending or, to its knowledge, threatened attack by direct or collateral proceeding, (b) is in compliance with each Governmental
Approval applicable to it and in compliance with all other Applicable Laws relating to it or any of its respective properties and (c) has
timely filed all material reports, documents and other materials required to be filed by it under all Applicable Laws with any Governmental
Authority and has retained all material records and documents required to be retained by it under Applicable Law except in each case
of clause (a), (b) or (c) where the failure to have, comply or file could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

SECTION 7.6Tax
Returns and Payments. Each Credit Party has duly filed or caused to be filed all federal and material state and other tax returns
required by Applicable Law to be filed, and has paid, or made adequate provision for the payment of, all federal, material state and
other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it and its property, income, profits and assets (including in the capacity
of a withholding agent) which are due and payable (other than any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided for on the books of the relevant
Credit Party). Such returns accurately reflect in all material respects all liability for taxes of any Credit Party for the periods covered
thereby. As of the Closing Date, except as set forth on Schedule 7.6, there is no ongoing audit or examination or, to its
knowledge, other investigation by any Governmental Authority of the tax liability of any Credit Party. No Governmental Authority has
asserted any Lien or other claim against any Credit Party with respect to unpaid taxes which has not been discharged or resolved (other
than (a) any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect
to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided for on the books of the relevant Credit Party and (b) Permitted Liens).
The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of each Credit Party in respect of federal, material state and other taxes for all Fiscal
Years and portions thereof since the organization of any Credit Party are in the judgment of the Borrower adequate, and the Borrower
does not anticipate any additional taxes or assessments for any of such years. No Credit Party or any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded
Subsidiary) is party to a tax sharing agreement.

SECTION 7.7Intellectual
Property Matters. Each Credit Party owns or possesses rights to use all franchises, licenses, copyrights, copyright applications,
patents, patent rights or licenses, patent applications, trademarks, trademark rights, service mark, service mark rights, trade names,
trade name rights, copyrights and other rights with respect to the foregoing which are reasonably necessary to conduct its business.
No event has occurred which permits, or after notice or lapse of time or both would permit, the revocation or termination of any such
rights, and no Credit Party is liable to any Person for infringement under Applicable Law with respect to any such rights as a result
of its business operations.

97

SECTION 7.8Environmental
Matters.

(a)The
properties owned, leased or operated by each Credit Party now or in the past do not contain, and to their knowledge have not previously
contained, any Hazardous Materials in amounts or concentrations which constitute or constituted a violation of applicable Environmental
Laws and which could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)Each
Credit Party and such properties and all operations conducted in connection therewith are in compliance, and have been in compliance,
with all applicable Environmental Laws, except such non-compliance as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Effect, and, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, there is no contamination at, under or about such properties
or such operations which could interfere with the continued operation of such properties or impair the fair saleable value thereof, except
as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)No
Credit Party has received any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental
matters, Hazardous Materials, or compliance with Environmental Laws that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor does any Credit Party have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice
will be received or is being threatened;

(d)To
its knowledge, Hazardous Materials have not been transported or disposed of to or from the properties owned, leased or operated by any
Credit Party in violation of, or in a manner or to a location which could give rise to liability under, Environmental Laws, nor have
any Hazardous Materials been generated, treated, stored or disposed of at, on or under any of such properties in violation of, or in
a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Laws, and which could reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(e)No
judicial proceedings or governmental or administrative action is pending, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, under any
Environmental Law to which any Credit Party is or will be named as a potentially responsible party, nor are there any consent decrees
or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding
under any applicable Environmental Law with respect to any Credit Party, with respect to any real property owned, leased or operated
by any Credit Party or operations conducted in connection therewith that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(f)There
has been no release, or to its knowledge, threat of release, of Hazardous Materials at or from properties owned, leased or operated by
any Credit Party, now or in the past, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under applicable
Environmental Laws that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

98

SECTION 7.9Employee
Benefit Matters.

(a)As
of the Closing Date, no Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any obligation under, any Employee Benefit
Plans other than those identified on Schedule 7.9;

(b)Each
Credit Party and each ERISA Affiliate is in compliance with all applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and the regulations and published
interpretations thereunder with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans except for any required amendments for which the remedial amendment
period as defined in Section 401(b) of the Code has not yet expired and except where a failure to so comply could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code has been determined by the IRS to be so qualified, and each trust related to such plan has been determined to be exempt under
Section 501(a) of the Code except for such plans that have not yet received determination letters but for which the remedial
amendment period for submitting a determination letter has not yet expired. No liability has been incurred by any Credit Party or any
ERISA Affiliate which remains unsatisfied for any taxes or penalties assessed with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan or any Multiemployer
Plan except for a liability that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)As
of the Closing Date, no Pension Plan has been terminated, nor has any Pension Plan become subject to funding based benefit restrictions
under Section 436 of the Code, nor has any funding waiver from the IRS been received or requested with respect to any Pension Plan,
nor has any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate failed to make any contributions or to pay any amounts due and owing as required by Sections
412 or 430 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or the terms of any Pension Plan on or prior to the due dates of such contributions
under Sections 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, nor has there been any event requiring any disclosure under Section 4041(c)(3)(C) or
4063(a) of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan;

(d)Except
where the failure of any of the following representations to be correct could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has: (i) engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction
described in Section 406 of the ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (ii) incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains
outstanding other than the payment of premiums and there are no premium payments which are due and unpaid, (iii) failed to make
a required contribution or payment to a Multiemployer Plan, or (iv) failed to make a required installment or other required payment
under Sections 412 or 430 of the Code;

(e)No
Termination Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur;

(f)Except
where the failure of any of the following representations to be correct could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Effect, no proceeding, claim (other than a benefits claim in the ordinary course of business), lawsuit and/or
investigation is existing or, to its knowledge, threatened concerning or involving (i) any employee welfare benefit plan (as defined
in Section 3(1) of ERISA) currently maintained or contributed to by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate, (ii) any
Pension Plan or (iii) any Multiemployer Plan;

(g)No
Credit Party is a party to any contract, agreement or arrangement that could, solely as a result of the delivery of this Agreement or
the consummation of transactions contemplated hereby, result in the payment of any excess parachute payment within the
meaning of Section 280G of the Code; and

99

(h)As
of the Closing Date, the Borrower is not nor will be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101,
as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments.

SECTION 7.10Margin
Stock. No Credit Party is engaged principally or as one of its activities in the business of extending credit for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying any margin stock (as each such term is defined or used, directly or
indirectly, in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). No part of the proceeds of any of any Extension
of Credit will be used for purchasing or carrying margin stock or for any purpose which violates, or which would be inconsistent with,
the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of such Board of Governors. Following the application of the proceeds of each Extension of Credit,
not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Credit Parties on a Consolidated
basis) subject to the provisions of Section 9.2 or Section 9.5 or subject to any restriction contained in any
agreement or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness in excess of the
Threshold Amount will be margin stock.

SECTION 7.11Government
Regulation. No Credit Party is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment
company (as each such term is defined or used in the Investment Company Act of 1940) and no Credit Party is, or after giving effect
to any Extension of Credit will be, subject to regulation under the Interstate Commerce Act, or any other Applicable Law which limits
its ability to incur or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 7.12Material
Contracts. Schedule 7.12 sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Material Contracts of each Credit Party in effect
as of the Closing Date. Other than as set forth in Schedule 7.12, as of the Closing Date, each such Material Contract is, and
after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents will be, in full force and effect in accordance
with the terms thereof. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Credit Party has delivered to the Administrative Agent
a true and complete copy of each Material Contract required to be listed on Schedule 7.12 or any other Schedule hereto. As of
the Closing Date, no Credit Party (nor, to its knowledge, any other party thereto) is in breach of or in default under any Material Contract
in any material respect or has received any notice of the intention of any other party thereto to terminate any Material Contract.

SECTION 7.13Employee
Relations. As of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is party to any collective bargaining agreement, nor has any labor union been
recognized as the representative of its employees except as set forth on Schedule 7.13. As of the Closing Date, the Borrower knows
of no pending, threatened or contemplated strikes, work stoppage or other collective labor disputes involving its employees.

SECTION 7.14Burdensome
Provisions. No Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) is party to any agreement or instrument or otherwise
subject to any restriction or encumbrance that restricts or limits its ability to make dividend payments or other distributions in respect
of its Equity Interests to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or to transfer any of its
assets or properties to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) in each case other than
existing under or by reason of the Loan Documents, Applicable Law or customary restrictions in any documentation governing a Permitted
Funding Indebtedness, Agency Repurchase Indebtedness or Material Contract restricting any sale, assignment, lease, conveyance, transfer
or other disposition of all or any substantial part of a Credit Partys business which would not prevent the granting of the Liens
on the Collateral as contemplated by the Loan Documents.

100

SECTION 7.15[Reserved].

SECTION 7.16No
Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2024, no event has occurred or condition arisen, either individually or in the aggregate,
that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 7.17Solvency.
The Credit Parties, on a Consolidated basis, are Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Credit Party and no
obligation has been or will be incurred by any Credit Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of any Credit Party.

SECTION 7.18Title
to Properties. As of the Closing Date, the real property listed on Schedule 7.18 constitutes all of the real property that
is owned, leased, subleased or used by any Credit Party. Each Credit Party has such title to the real property owned or leased by it
as is necessary or desirable to the conduct of its business and valid and legal title to all of its personal property and assets, except
those which have been disposed of by the Credit Parties subsequent to such date which dispositions have been in the ordinary course of
business or as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder.

SECTION 7.19Litigation.
There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending nor, to their knowledge, threatened against or in any other way relating adversely
to or affecting any Credit Party or any of their respective properties in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or
by any Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 7.20Anti-Terrorism;
Anti-Money Laundering; Anti-Corruption and Sanctions. No Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to their knowledge, any of
their Related Parties (a) is an enemy or an ally of the enemy within the meaning of Section 2 of
the Trading with the Enemy Act of the United States (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), (b) is in violation of (i) the
Trading with the Enemy Act, (ii) any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R.,
Subtitle B, Chapter V) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto or (iii) the PATRIOT Act (collectively, the
Anti-Terrorism Laws), (c) is a Sanctioned Person or currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (D) has
its assets located in a Sanctioned Country, (E) directly, or indirectly, derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with,
Sanctioned Persons or (F) is under administrative, civil or criminal investigation for an alleged violation of, or received notice
from or made a voluntary disclosure to any governmental entity regarding a possible violation of, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering
Laws or Sanctions by a governmental authority that enforces Sanctions or any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No part
of the proceeds of any Extension of Credit hereunder will be unlawfully used directly or indirectly to fund any operations in, finance
any investments or activities in or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Country, or in any other manner that will
result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, the Arranger or the Administrative Agent) of any Anti-Terrorism Laws, any
Anti-Corruption Laws, any Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable Sanctions.

SECTION 7.21Absence
of Defaults. No event has occurred or is continuing (a) which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default, or (b) which
constitutes, or which with the passage of time or giving of notice or both would constitute, a default or event of default by any Credit
Party under (i) any Material Contract or (ii) any judgment, decree or order to which any Credit Party is a party or by which
any Credit Party or any of its properties may be bound or which would require any Credit Party to make any payment thereunder prior to
the scheduled maturity date therefor that, in any case under this clause (ii), could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

101

SECTION 7.22Disclosure.
Each Credit Party has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions
to which any Credit Party is subject, and all other matters known to them, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No financial statement, material report, material certificate or other material information
furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by
other information so furnished), taken together as a whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided
that, with respect to projected financial information, pro forma financial information, estimated financial information and other
projected or estimated information, such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the
time (it being recognized by the Lenders that projections are not to be viewed as facts and that the actual results during the period
or periods covered by such projections may vary from such projections). As of the Closing Date, all of the information included in any
Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct.

SECTION 7.23Outbound
Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a covered foreign person: as that term is used in the
Outbound Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries currently engages, or has any present intention to engage
in the future, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such
term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity
or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower were a U.S. Person
or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to be in violation of the
Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to be legally prohibited by the Outbound
Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS

Until all of the Obligations
(other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due) have been paid and satisfied in full in cash, all Letters of Credit
have been terminated or expired (or been cash collateralized), all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed and the Commitments terminated,
each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than the Excluded Subsidiaries) to:

SECTION 8.1Financial
Statements and Budgets. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly make such information available to the Lenders
in accordance with its customary practice):

(a)Annual
Financial Statements. As soon as practicable and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year (commencing
with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2025), an audited Consolidated and unaudited consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such Fiscal Year and audited Consolidated and unaudited consolidating statements of income, retained
earnings and cash flows including the notes thereto, together with managements discussion and analysis of such financial statements,
all in reasonable detail setting forth in comparative form the corresponding figures as of the end of and for the preceding Fiscal Year
and prepared in accordance with GAAP and, if applicable, containing disclosure of the effect on the financial position or results of
operations of any change in the application of accounting principles and practices during the year. Such annual Consolidated financial
statements shall be audited by an independent certified public accounting firm of recognized national standing acceptable to the Administrative
Agent, and accompanied by a report and opinion thereon by such certified public accountants prepared in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards that is not subject to any going concern or similar qualification or exception or any qualification
as to the scope of such audit or with respect to accounting principles followed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries not in accordance
with GAAP (other than any exception, qualification or explanatory paragraph with respect to or resulting from an upcoming maturity date
under this Agreement occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered).

102

(b)Quarterly
Financial Statements. As soon as practicable and in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters
of each Fiscal Year (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025), an unaudited Consolidated and consolidating balance
sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal quarter and unaudited Consolidated and consolidating statements
of income and cash flows for the fiscal quarter then ended and that portion of the Fiscal Year then ended, including the notes thereto,
together with managements discussion and analysis of such financial statements, all in reasonable detail setting forth in comparative
form the corresponding figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the preceding Fiscal Year and prepared by the Borrower
in accordance with GAAP and, if applicable, containing disclosure of the effect on the financial position or results of operations of
any change in the application of accounting principles and practices during the period, and certified by the chief financial officer
of the Borrower to present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated
and consolidating basis as of their respective dates and the results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the respective
periods then ended, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

(c)Annual
Business Plan and Budget. As soon as practicable and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or,
if earlier, 10 Business Days after board approval), a business plan and operating and capital budget of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
for the ensuing four (4) fiscal quarters, such plan to be prepared in accordance with GAAP and to include, on a quarterly basis,
the following: a quarterly operating and capital budget, a projected income statement, statement of cash flows and balance sheet, calculations
demonstrating projected compliance with the Financial Covenant and a report containing managements discussion and analysis of
such budget with a reasonable disclosure of the key assumptions and drivers with respect to such budget, accompanied by a certificate
from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the effect that such budget contains good faith estimates (utilizing assumptions believed
to be reasonable at the time of delivery of such budget) of the financial condition and operations of the Borrower and the other Credit
Parties for such period.

SECTION 8.2Certificates;
Other Reports. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly make such information available to the Lenders in accordance
with its customary practice):

(a)at
each time financial statements are delivered pursuant to Sections 8.1(a) or (b), commencing with the financial statements
for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, a duly completed Officers Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower, which shall include (i) a list of all Subsidiaries of
the Borrower that identifies each Excluded Subsidiary, attaching the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments
necessary to eliminate the accounts of Excluded Subsidiaries from the related consolidated financial statements, (ii) a certification
as to whether a Default has occurred and is continuing on such date and, if a Default has occurred and is continuing on such date, specifying
the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and (iii) beginning with the fiscal quarter
ending March 31, 2025, the Borrowers reasonably detailed calculations of Excess Cash Flow (to the extent applicable for such
fiscal quarter) and the Asset Coverage Ratio;

103

(b)promptly
after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any action or proceeding against or of any noncompliance by any Credit Party thereof
with any Environmental Law that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)promptly
after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy statement or financial statement sent to the stockholders of the Borrower,
and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required
to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case
not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(d)promptly
upon the request thereof, such other information and documentation required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation), as from time to time reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender;

(e)written
notice within five (5) Business Days (i) after notice (A) of the revocation of any approvals of any Agency or (B) changes
to the approved mortgagee or approved servicer status with respect to the origination or servicing of Mortgage Loans by such Credit Party
or (ii) after any Credit Party otherwise ceases to possess any Agency approval, but only if such events could reasonably be expected
to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; and

(f)such
other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof as
the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request (which information shall not include any originals or copies of any audit,
lender assessment report, or other internal review of any Credit Party by any Agency).

Documents required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or (b) or Section 8.2(c) (to the extent any such documents
are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website
on the Internet at the website address listed in Section 13.1; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers
behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial,
third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative
Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request
the delivery or to maintain copies of any of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor
compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to
it or maintaining its copies of such documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in Sections 8.1(a) and (b) and
8.2(c) shall be deemed satisfied upon the Borrowers filing or furnishing such financial statements and other information
with the SEC via the EDGAR filing system or any successor electronic delivery procedures, in each case, within the time periods specified
in such Sections.

104

The Borrower represents and
warrants that each of it and its Controlling and Controlled entities, in each case, if any (collectively with the Borrower, the Relevant
Entities), either (i) has no SEC registered or unregistered, publicly traded securities outstanding, or (ii) files
its financial statements with the SEC and/or makes its financial statements available to potential holders of its securities, and, accordingly,
the Borrower hereby (i) authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Sections 8.1(a) and
8.1(b) above, along with the Loan Documents, available to Public-Siders and (ii) agrees that at the time such financial
statements are provided hereunder, they shall already have been made available to holders of any such securities. The Borrower will not
request that any other material be posted to Public-Siders without expressly representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent
in writing that such materials do not constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws or
that the Relevant Entities have no outstanding SEC registered or unregistered, publicly traded securities. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in no event shall the Borrower request that the Administrative Agent make available to Public-Siders budgets or any
certificates, reports or calculations with respect to the Borrowers compliance with the covenants contained herein.

SECTION 8.3Notice
of Litigation and Other Matters. Promptly (but in no event later than ten (10) days after any Responsible Officer of any Credit
Party obtains knowledge thereof) notify the Administrative Agent in writing of (which shall promptly make such information available
to the Lenders in accordance with its customary practice):

(a)the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;

(b)the
commencement of all proceedings and investigations by or before any Governmental Authority and all actions and proceedings in any court
or before any arbitrator against or involving any Credit Party or any of its properties, assets or businesses in each case that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)any
notice of any violation received by any Credit Party from any Governmental Authority including, without limitation, any notice of violation
of Environmental Laws which in any such case could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(d)any
event which constitutes or which with the passage of time or giving of notice or both would constitute a default or event of default
under any Material Contract to which any of the Credit Parties is a party or by which any of the Credit Parties or any of their respective
properties may be bound which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(e)(i) any
unfavorable determination letter from the IRS regarding the qualification of an Employee Benefit Plan under Section 401(a) of
the Code (along with a copy thereof), (ii) all notices received by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate of the PBGCs intent
to terminate any Pension Plan or to have a trustee appointed to administer any Pension Plan, (iii) all notices received by any Credit
Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning the imposition or amount of withdrawal liability pursuant to
Section 4202 of ERISA and (iv) the Borrower obtaining knowledge or reason to know that any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate
has filed or intends to file a notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan under a distress termination within the meaning of Section 4041(c) of
ERISA; and

(f)any
other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice pursuant to Section 8.3
shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to
therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 8.3(a) shall
describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached.

105

SECTION 8.4Preservation
of Corporate Existence and Related Matters. Except as permitted by Section 9.4, preserve and maintain its separate corporate
existence or equivalent form and qualify and remain qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity and authorized to do business
in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 8.5Maintenance
of Property and Licenses.

(a)In
addition to the requirements of any of the Security Documents, protect and preserve all Properties necessary in and material to its business,
including copyrights, patents, trade names, service marks and trademarks; maintain in good working order and condition, ordinary wear
and tear excepted, all buildings, equipment and other tangible real and personal property; and from time to time make or cause to be
made all repairs, renewals and replacements thereof and additions to such Property necessary for the conduct of its business, so that
the business carried on in connection therewith may be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner, in each case except as such action
or inaction could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Maintain,
in full force and effect, each and every license, permit, certification, qualification, approval, right or franchise issued by any Governmental
Authority (each, a License) required for each of them to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted,
except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 8.6Insurance.
Maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies against at least such risks and in at least such amounts
as are customarily maintained by similar businesses and as may be required by Applicable Law and as are required by any Security Documents
(including, without limitation, hazard and business interruption insurance). All such insurance shall, (a) provide that no cancellation
or material modification thereof shall be effective until at least 30 days after receipt by the Administrative Agent of written notice
thereof, (b) name the Administrative Agent as an additional insured party thereunder and (c) in the case of each casualty insurance
policy, name the Administrative Agent as lenders loss payee or, if applicable, mortgagee. On the Closing Date (subject to Section 8.19)
and from time to time thereafter deliver to the Administrative Agent upon its request information in reasonable detail as to the insurance
then in effect, stating the names of the insurance companies, the amounts and rates of the insurance, the dates of the expiration thereof
and the properties and risks covered thereby.

SECTION 8.7Accounting
Methods and Financial Records. Maintain a system of accounting, and keep proper books, records and accounts (which shall be true
and complete in all material respects) as may be required or as may be necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP and in material compliance with the regulations of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or any
of its Properties.

SECTION 8.8Payment
of Taxes and Other Obligations. Pay and perform (a) all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges that may be levied
or assessed upon it or any of its Property (including in the capacity of a withholding agent) and (b) all other Indebtedness, obligations
and liabilities in accordance with customary trade practices; except, in each case, where (i) (A) the validity or amount thereof
is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (B) such Credit Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves
with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (ii) the failure to so pay or perform could not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

106

SECTION 8.9Compliance
with Laws and Approvals. Observe and remain in compliance with all Applicable Laws and maintain in full force and effect all Governmental
Approvals, in each case applicable to the conduct of its business except in instances in which (a) (i) such requirement of
Applicable Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted
and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Credit Parties in accordance with GAAP; and (ii) such
contest effectively suspends enforcement of the contested Applicable Laws, or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 8.10Environmental
Laws. In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 8.9, (a) comply in all material respects with,
and ensure such compliance in all material respects by all tenants and subtenants with all applicable Environmental Laws and obtain and
comply with and maintain, and ensure that all tenants and subtenants, if any, obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all licenses,
approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws, (b) conduct and complete all investigations,
studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other actions required under Environmental Laws, and promptly comply with
all lawful orders and directives of any Governmental Authority regarding Environmental Laws; provided, however, that neither
a Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent
that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by property proceedings and adequate reserves have been set aside and
are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP; and providedfurther that as to clauses
(a) and (b) above, the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have
a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their respective
parents, Subsidiaries, Affiliates, employees, agents, officers and directors, from and against any claims, demands, penalties, fines,
liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature known or unknown, contingent or otherwise, arising out
of, or in any way relating to the presence of Hazardous Materials, or the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under any Environmental
Laws applicable to the operations of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, or any orders, requirements or demands of Governmental Authorities
related thereto, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys and consultants fees, investigation and laboratory
fees, response costs, court costs and litigation expenses, except to the extent that any of the foregoing directly result from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking indemnification therefor, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by
final non-appealable judgment.

SECTION 8.11Compliance
with ERISA. In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 8.9, (a) except where the failure to so
comply could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) comply with applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans,
(ii) not take any action or fail to take action the result of which could reasonably be expected to result in a liability to the
PBGC or to a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) not participate in any prohibited transaction that could result in any civil penalty under
ERISA or tax under the Code and (iv) operate each Employee Benefit Plan in such a manner that will not incur any tax liability under
Section 4980B of the Code or any liability to any qualified beneficiary as defined in Section 4980B of the Code and (b) furnish
to the Administrative Agent upon the Administrative Agents request such additional information about any Employee Benefit Plan
as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 8.12Material
Contracts. Perform and observe all the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it, maintain
each such Material Contract which is material to its business in full force and effect, enforce each such Material Contract in accordance
with its terms, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so, except, in any case, where the failure to do so, either individually or
in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

107

SECTION 8.13Visits
and Inspections; Appraisals.

(a)Permit
representatives of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders), from time to time upon prior reasonable notice and at such times
during normal business hours, all at the expense of the Borrower, to visit and inspect its properties; inspect, audit and make extracts
from its books, records and files, including, but not limited to, management letters prepared by independent accountants; and discuss
with its principal officers, and its independent accountants, its business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations
and business prospects; provided that excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default,
the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall not exercise such rights more often than one (1) time during any calendar
year at the Borrowers expense; provided further that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time at any time
during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice.

(b)The
Borrower shall cause an appraiser retained by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being acknowledged
that Prestwick Mortgage Group and MIAC shall be deemed to be reasonably acceptable) to conduct two (2) appraisals of the Servicing
Contracts of the Credit Parties that are included in the Collateral each Fiscal Year, which such first appraisal shall have an as
of date no earlier than May 31 of the applicable Fiscal Year and which such second appraisal shall have an as of
date no earlier than November 30 of the applicable Fiscal Year, and, in each case, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent
as soon as available but in no event later than the time that financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or
(b), as applicable. The Borrower shall pay the fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent or such professionals with respect
to such appraisal. Without limiting the foregoing, the Credit Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may but shall have no
obligation to except as otherwise instructed by the Required Lenders, in its discretion, undertake additional appraisals at the Credit
Parties expense during the continuance of an Event of Default.

SECTION 8.14Additional
Subsidiaries.

(a)Additional
Subsidiaries. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent of (i) the re-designation of an Excluded Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor
in accordance with Section 8.14(d) below or (ii) subject to clause (f) of this Section 8.14, the
creation or acquisition (including by division) of any Subsidiary and in any event, unless in the case of any newly acquired or created
Subsidiary, such Subsidiary has been designated as an Excluded Subsidiary in accordance with Section 8.14(d)(i) below,
within thirty (30) days after such re-designation, creation or acquisition (as such time period may be extended by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion), cause such Person to (A) become a Subsidiary Guarantor by delivering to the Administrative Agent
a duly executed supplement to the Collateral Agreement or such other document as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for
such purpose, (B) grant a security interest in all Collateral (subject to the exceptions specified in the Collateral Agreement)
owned by such Subsidiary by delivering to the Administrative Agent a duly executed supplement to each applicable Security Document or
such other document as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such purpose and comply with the terms of each applicable
Security Document, (C) deliver to the Administrative Agent such opinions, documents and certificates referred to in Section 6.1
as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, (D) if such Equity Interests are certificated, deliver to the Administrative
Agent such original certificated Equity Interests or other certificates and stock or other transfer powers evidencing the Equity Interests
of such Person, (E) deliver to the Administrative Agent such updated Schedules to the Loan Documents as requested by the Administrative
Agent with respect to such Person (subject to the exceptions in the Collateral Agreement), and (F) deliver to the Administrative
Agent such other documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

108

(b)Additional
First Tier Foreign Subsidiaries. Notify the Administrative Agent promptly after any Person becomes a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary,
and promptly thereafter (and, in any event, within forty five (45) days after such notification, as such time period may be extended
by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), cause (i) the applicable Credit Party to deliver to the Administrative Agent
Security Documents pledging sixty-five percent (65%) of the total outstanding voting Equity Interests (and one hundred percent (100%)
of the non-voting Equity Interests) of any such new First Tier Foreign Subsidiary and a consent thereto executed by such new First Tier
Foreign Subsidiary (including, without limitation, if applicable, original certificated Equity Interests (or the equivalent thereof pursuant
to the Applicable Laws and practices of any relevant foreign jurisdiction) evidencing the Equity Interests of such new First Tier Foreign
Subsidiary, together with an appropriate undated stock or other transfer power for each certificate duly executed in blank by the registered
owner thereof), (ii) such Person to deliver to the Administrative Agent such opinions, documents and certificates referred to in
Section 6.1 as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, (iii) such Person to deliver to the Administrative
Agent such updated Schedules to the Loan Documents as requested by the Administrative Agent with regard to such Person and (iv) such
Person to deliver to the Administrative Agent such other documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, all in
form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Designation
and Re-designation of Excluded Subsidiaries.

(i)At
any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may designate any Subsidiary (including any existing Subsidiary and any Subsidiary acquired
or formed after the Closing Date) to be an Excluded Subsidiary by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent specifically identifying
the Subsidiary or Subsidiaries subject to such designation; provided that (1) before and immediately after such designation,
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (2) before and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma
Basis to such designation, the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Covenant; and (3) no Subsidiary that itself or
through any of its Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on any
property of, a Credit Party may at any time be an Excluded Subsidiary. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Excluded
Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by a Credit Party therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market
value as determined by the Borrower in good faith of each applicable Credit Partys Investment therein.

(ii)At
any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may designate or reclassify any Excluded Subsidiary to be a Subsidiary; provided
that (1) before and immediately after such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and
(2) before and immediately after giving pro forma effect to such designation, the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial
Covenant. Upon the redesignation or reclassification of any Excluded Subsidiary (x) all outstanding Indebtedness and Liens (if any)
of such re-designated or reclassified Subsidiary shall be deemed to have been incurred by such Subsidiary on such date of re-designation
or reclassification and (y) all outstanding Investments of such re-designated or reclassified Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an
Investment of a Credit Party as of such date of re-designation or reclassification.

109

(e)Merger
Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any new Subsidiary is created solely for the purpose of consummating a
merger transaction pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, and such new Subsidiary at no time holds any assets or liabilities other than
any merger consideration contributed to it contemporaneously with the closing of such merger transaction, such new Subsidiary shall not
be required to take the actions set forth in Section 8.14(a) or (b), as applicable, until the consummation of
such Permitted Acquisition (at which time, the surviving entity of the respective merger transaction shall be required to so comply with
Section 8.14(a) or (b), as applicable, within ten (10) Business Days of the consummation of such Permitted
Acquisition, as such time period may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

(f)Immaterial
Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely in the case of any newly created or acquired Subsidiary that has de minimis operations
and assets, (i) the Credit Parties shall not be required to provide the notice required under clause (a) of this Section 8.14
until the earlier of (A) the capitalization of such Subsidiary or (B) the required date of delivery of the financial statements
for the first Fiscal Year or fiscal quarter (as applicable) ended after the date of creation or acquisition of such Subsidiary and (ii) such
Subsidiary shall, to the extent it satisfies all of the requirements of Section 8.14(d)(i) with respect to Excluded
Subsidiaries, be deemed to be an Excluded Subsidiary without further action by the Borrower or any other Credit Party, in each case until
such time as such Subsidiary is re-designated in accordance with Section 8.14(d)(ii).

SECTION 8.15Use
of Proceeds.

(a)The
Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans, together with the proceeds of the Senior Notes, (i) to consummate the
Original Credit Agreement Refinancing, (ii) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions and (iii) for
general corporate purposes.

(b)The
Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility for general corporate purposes and working capital.

(c)The
Borrower shall use the proceeds of any Incremental Term Loan and any Incremental Revolving Credit Facility Increase as permitted pursuant
to Section 5.13, as applicable.

SECTION 8.16Maintenance
of Debt Ratings. Use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain Debt Ratings (but not any specific Debt Rating) from both Moodys
and S&P.

SECTION 8.17Compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws; Beneficial Ownership Regulation, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower will (a) maintain
in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors,
officers, employees and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions, (b) notify the
Administrative Agent and each Lender that previously received a Beneficial Ownership Certification of any change in the information provided
in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified therein, and (c) promptly
upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may
be, any information or documentation requested by it for purposes of complying with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

110

SECTION 8.18Further
Assurances.

(a)Execute
any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing
and recording of financing statements and other documents), which may be required under any Applicable Law, or which the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant,
preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents or the validity or priority of any
such Lien, all at the expense of the Credit Parties. The Borrower also agrees to provide to the Administrative Agent, from
time to time upon the reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as
to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents.

(b)Furnish
to the Administrative Agent at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any change in: (i) any Credit Partys
name; (ii) the location of any Credit Partys chief executive office, its principal place of business or any office in which
it maintains books or records relating to Collateral owned by it; (iii) any Credit Partys organizational structure or jurisdiction
of incorporation or formation; or (iv) any Credit Partys Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification
number assigned to it by its state of organization. The Credit Parties agree that in connection with any change referred to in the preceding
sentence to cooperate with the Administrative Agent in preparing and making all filings under the UCC or otherwise that are required
in order for the Administrative Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected first priority
security interest in all the Collateral for its own benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(c)Cause
the Secured Obligations to rank at least senior in priority of payment to all Subordinated Indebtedness and be designated as Senior
Indebtedness (or the equivalent term) under all instruments and documents, now or in the future, relating to all Subordinated
Indebtedness.

SECTION 8.19Post-Closing
Items. Unless waived or the time periods are extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, execute and deliver the
documents and complete the tasks set forth on Schedule 8.19, in each case within the time limits specified on such Schedule
8.19.

ARTICLE IX

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS

Until all of the Obligations
(other than contingent, indemnification obligations not then due) have been paid and satisfied in full in cash, all Letters of Credit
have been terminated or expired (or have been cash collateralized), all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed and the Commitments terminated,
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than, except with respect to Section 9.16, Excluded Subsidiaries) will not:

SECTION 9.1Indebtedness.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness except:

(a)the
Obligations;

(b)Indebtedness
and obligations owing under Hedge Agreements entered into in order to manage existing or anticipated interest rate, exchange rate or
commodity price risks and not for speculative purposes;

111

(c)Indebtedness
existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 9.1; and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided
that (i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension
except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses
reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (ii) the
final maturity date and weighted average life of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension shall not be prior to or shorter than
that applicable to the Indebtedness prior to such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and (iii) any refinancing, refunding,
renewal or extension of subordinated Indebtedness shall be (A) on subordination terms at least as favorable to the Lenders, (B) no
more restrictive on the Credit Parties than the subordinated Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and (C) in
an amount not less than the amount outstanding at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension;

(d)Indebtedness
incurred in connection with Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater
of (i) $100,000,000 and (ii) 30.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recent Test Period ended on or immediately
prior to the date of incurrence thereof;

(e)Indebtedness
of a Person existing at the time such Person became a Subsidiary or assets were acquired from such Person in connection with an Investment
permitted pursuant to Section 9.3, to the extent that (i) such Indebtedness was not incurred in connection with, or
in contemplation of, such Person becoming a Subsidiary or the acquisition of such assets, (ii) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary
(other than such Person or any other Person that such Person merges with or that acquires the assets of such Person) shall have any liability
or other obligation with respect to such Indebtedness and (iii) the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 4.00
to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the Test Period ended on or immediately prior to the date of incurrence thereof;

(f)Guarantees
with respect to Indebtedness of a Credit Party otherwise permitted by this Section 9.1 (other than (i) Non-Recourse
Indebtedness (except to the extent expressly permitted in clause (a) of the definition of Non-Recourse Indebtedness)
and (ii) Indebtedness permitted by subsections (j) and (k) of this Section 9.1); provided that any
Guarantees of Subordinated Indebtedness or other Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations and/or the Secured Obligations,
as the case may be, shall also be subordinated to the Obligations and/or the Secured Obligations, as the case may be, on the same basis
as the Indebtedness being Guaranteed;

(g)unsecured
intercompany Indebtedness:

(i)owed
by any Credit Party to another Credit Party; and

(ii)owed
by any Credit Party to any Excluded Subsidiary (provided that such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations
in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent);

(h)Indebtedness
arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or other similar instrument drawn against insufficient
funds in the ordinary course of business;

(i)Indebtedness
under letters of credit, performance bonds, surety bonds, release, appeal and similar bonds, statutory obligations or with respect to
workers compensation claims, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and reimbursement obligations in respect
of any of the foregoing;

(j)Permitted
Funding Indebtedness, Agency Repurchase Indebtedness and any Permitted Guarantee; provided that no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing or would result from the incurrence thereof at the time any lending commitment or increase therein is obtained
(determined as if such commitment or increase was fully funded at such time);

112

(k)Guarantees
in the form of WDLLCs or, as may be applicable, WD Capitals respective loss sharing agreements with Fannie Mae or similar
loss sharing agreements in favor of third party holders of Mortgage Loans originated or brokered by a Credit Party or an Excluded Subsidiary
under a program or arrangement comparable to the loss sharing arrangements with Fannie Mae;

(l)Subordinated
Indebtedness; provided, that in the case of each incurrence of such Subordinated Indebtedness, (i) the Borrower would be
in compliance with the Financial Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to the issuance of any such Subordinated
Indebtedness, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the incurrence of such Subordinated
Indebtedness, (iii) such Subordinated Indebtedness is not subject to any scheduled amortization, mandatory redemption, mandatory
repayment or mandatory prepayment, sinking fund or similar payment (other than, in each case, reasonable and customary offers to repurchase
upon a change of control or asset sale and acceleration rights after an event of default) or have a final maturity date, in either case
prior to the date occurring one year following the Term Loan Maturity Date and, if applicable, one year after the latest maturity date
of any then outstanding Incremental Term Loan, (iv) the indenture or other applicable agreement governing such Subordinated Indebtedness
(including any related guaranties and any other related documentation) shall not include any financial performance maintenance
covenants (whether stated as a covenant, default or otherwise, although incurrence-based financial tests may be included)
or cross-defaults (but may include cross-defaults at the final stated maturity thereof and cross-acceleration), (v) the terms of
such Subordinated Indebtedness (including, without limitation, all covenants, defaults, guaranties and remedies, but excluding as to
interest rate, call protection and redemption premiums), taken as a whole, are no more restrictive or onerous than the terms applicable
to the Credit Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (vi) such Subordinated Indebtedness shall not be recourse
or guaranteed by any Person that is not a Credit Party and (vii) prior to the incurrence of such Subordinated Indebtedness the Borrower
shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying as to compliance
with the requirements of the preceding clauses (i) through (vi) above and containing calculations, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent with respect to clause (i) above;

(m)unsecured
contingent liabilities in respect of customary arrangements providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn-outs, non-compete,
consulting, deferred compensation and similar obligations of any Credit Party incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions and
other Investments permitted hereby;

113

(n)unsecured
Indebtedness of any Credit Party; provided that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result
from the incurrence thereof at the time any lending commitment or increase therein is obtained (determined as if such commitment or increase
was fully funded at such time), (ii) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis at the
time any lending commitment or increase therein is obtained (determined as if such commitment or increase was fully funded at such time),
(iii) the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 4.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect
to any such lending commitment (determined as if such commitment was fully funded at such time) and determined as of the most recent
Test Period ended prior to the date such lending commitment is obtained, (iv) such Indebtedness does not mature, require any scheduled
payment of principal, require any mandatory payment, redemption or repurchase prior to the date that is 91 days after the latest of the
maturity dates of all Term Loans or Term Loan Commitments in effect at the time of issuance of such Indebtedness (other than a customary
mandatory prepayment or mandatory offer to repurchase in connection with a change of control or asset sale that requires the prior payment
in full of, and termination of all commitments with respect to, the Obligations as a condition to such mandatory prepayment or mandatory
offer to repurchase); provided that (x) any Indebtedness that automatically converts to, or is exchangeable into, notes or
other Indebtedness that meet this clause (iv) shall be deemed to satisfy this condition so long as the Borrower or applicable Credit
Party irrevocably agrees at the time of the issuance thereof to take all actions necessary to convert or exchange such Indebtedness),
(v) such Indebtedness shall not include any financial performance maintenance covenants (whether stated as a covenant,
default or otherwise, although incurrence-based financial tests may be included) or cross-defaults (but may include cross-payment
defaults and cross-defaults at the final stated maturity thereof and cross-acceleration), (vi) the terms of such Indebtedness (including,
without limitation, all covenants, defaults, guaranties and remedies, but excluding as to interest rate, call protection and redemption
premiums), taken as a whole, are no more restrictive or onerous than the terms applicable to the Credit Parties under this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, (vii) such Indebtedness shall not be recourse or guaranteed by any Person that is not a Credit Party,
and (viii) prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate
from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying as to compliance with the requirements of the preceding clauses (i) through
(vii) above and containing calculations, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent with respect to clauses
(ii) and (iii) above;

(o)unsecured
Indebtedness owing to any insurance company in the ordinary course of business in connection with the financing of any insurance premiums
permitted by such insurance company;

(p)Securitization
Transaction Attributed Indebtedness;

(q)Indebtedness
of any Credit Party not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 9.1 in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the
greater of (i) $130,000,000 and (ii) 40.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recent Test Period ended on or immediately
prior to the date of incurrence thereof; provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result
from the incurrence thereof;

(r)Incremental
Equivalent Debt; and

(s)Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to the Senior Notes and the other Senior Notes Documents in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $400,000,000.

SECTION 9.2Liens.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
except:

(a)Liens
created pursuant to the Loan Documents (including Liens in favor of the Swingline Lender and/or the Issuing Banks, as applicable, on
cash collateral granted pursuant to the Loan Documents);

(b)Liens
in existence on the Closing Date and described on Schedule 9.2, and the replacement, renewal or extension thereof (including Liens
incurred, assumed or suffered to exist in connection with any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of Indebtedness pursuant to
Section 9.1(c) (solely to the extent that such Liens were in existence on the Closing Date and described on Schedule
9.2)); provided that the scope of any such Lien shall not be increased, or otherwise expanded, to cover any additional property
or type of asset, as applicable, beyond that in existence on the Closing Date, except for products and proceeds of the foregoing;

114

(c)Liens
for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies (excluding any Lien imposed pursuant to any of the provisions of ERISA
or Environmental Laws) (i) not yet due or as to which the period of grace (not to exceed ninety (90) days), if any, related thereto
has not expired or (ii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves are maintained
to the extent required by GAAP and the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect;

(d)the
claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen, processors or landlords for labor, materials, supplies or rentals incurred
in the ordinary course of business, which (i) are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days, or if more than thirty
(30) days overdue, no action has been taken to enforce such Liens and such Liens are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings if adequate reserves are maintained to the extent required by GAAP and (ii) do not, individually or in the aggregate,
materially impair the operation of the business of the Borrower or any of the other Credit Parties;

(e)deposits
or pledges made in the ordinary course of business in connection with, or to secure payment of, letters of credit, obligations under
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security or similar legislation, or to secure the performance
of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgments
or litigation), performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, in each case, so
long as no foreclosure sale or similar proceeding has been commenced with respect to any portion of the Collateral on account thereof;

(f)encumbrances
in the nature of zoning restrictions, easements and rights or restrictions of record on the use of real property, which in the aggregate
are not substantial in amount and which do not, in any case, detract from the value of such property or impair the use thereof in the
ordinary conduct of business;

(g)Liens
arising from the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to personal property leased pursuant to operating leases
entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Credit Parties;

(h)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.1(d); provided that (i) such Liens shall be created substantially
simultaneously with the acquisition, repair, improvement or lease, as applicable, of the related Property, (ii) such Liens do not
at any time encumber any property other than the Property financed by such Indebtedness, and (iii) the principal amount of Indebtedness
secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the original price for the purchase, repair improvement
or lease amount (as applicable) of such Property at the time of purchase, repair, improvement or lease (as applicable);

(i)Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 11.1(m) or securing appeal
or other surety bonds relating to such judgments;

(j)(i) Liens
on Property (i) of any Subsidiary which are in existence at the time that such Subsidiary is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition
and (ii) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries existing at the time such tangible property or tangible assets are purchased
or otherwise acquired by the Borrower or such Subsidiary thereof pursuant to a transaction permitted pursuant to this Agreement; provided
that, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), (A) such Liens are not incurred in connection with,
or in anticipation of, such Permitted Acquisition, purchase or other acquisition, (B) such Liens are applicable only to specific
Property, (C) such Liens are not blanket or all asset Liens, (D) such Liens do not attach to any other Property
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (E) the Indebtedness secured by such Liens is permitted under Section 9.1(e) of
this Agreement);

115

(k)(i) Liens
of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in
the relevant jurisdiction and (ii) Liens of any depositary bank in connection with statutory, common law and contractual rights
of set-off and recoupment with respect to any deposit account of a Credit Party;

(l)(i) contractual
or statutory Liens of landlords to the extent relating to the property and assets relating to any lease agreements with such landlord,
and (ii) contractual Liens of suppliers (including sellers of goods) or customers granted in the ordinary course of business to
the extent limited to the property or assets relating to such contract;

(m)any
interest or title of a licensor, sublicensor, lessor or sublessor with respect to any assets under any license or lease agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or
the other Credit Parties or materially detract from the value of the relevant assets of the Borrower or the other Credit Parties or (ii) secure
any Indebtedness;

(n)Liens
on Permitted Funding Collateral securing Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 9.1(j);

(o)without
limiting the Agency Security Interests, Liens in favor of an Agency (or a custodian on behalf of such Agency) under the Agency Agreements;

(p)Liens
on the Equity Interests issued by an Excluded Subsidiary to secure any Permitted Guarantee with respect to Indebtedness of such Excluded
Subsidiary;

(q)Liens
on the Securitization Assets purported to be sold to a Securitization Entity in a Qualified Securitization Transaction or securing Securitization
Transaction Attributed Indebtedness;

(r)Liens
not otherwise permitted hereunder securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater
of (x) $130,000,000 and (y) 40.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recent Test Period ended on or immediately
prior to the date of incurrence thereof at any time outstanding; and

(s)Liens
securing Incremental Equivalent Debt.

SECTION 9.3Investments.
Purchase, own, invest in or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions), directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests,
interests in any partnership or joint venture (including, without limitation, the creation or capitalization of any Subsidiary), evidence
of Indebtedness or other obligation or security, substantially all or a portion (consisting of a division, business line or unit) of
the business or assets of any other Person or any other investment or interest whatsoever in any other Person, or make or permit to exist,
directly or indirectly, any loans, advances or extensions of credit to, or any investment in cash or by delivery of Property in, any
Person (all the foregoing, Investments) except:

116

(a)Investments
existing on the Closing Date in Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date;

(i)Investments
existing on the Closing Date (other than Investments in Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date) and described on Schedule 9.3;

(ii)Investments
made after the Closing Date by any Credit Party in any other Credit Party; and

(iii)Investments
made by any Credit Party in and to one or more of a Credit Partys Subsidiaries which are not Credit Parties in an aggregate principal
amount at any time outstanding not to exceed, together with the aggregate consideration paid for Permitted Acquisitions of Persons who
do not become Credit Parties, the greater of (x) $162,500,000 and (y) 50.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most
recent Test Period ended on or immediately prior to the date of such Investment; provided that (A) no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (B) the Borrower would be in compliance with the Financial Covenant on
a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Investment;

(b)Investments
in the ordinary course of business in cash, Cash Equivalents and self-funded Mortgage Loans that are not subject to any Liens (other
than Liens under the Loan Documents) or any restriction on the creation, incurrence, assumption or existence of Liens thereon;

(c)Investments
by the Borrower or any other Credit Party consisting of Capital Expenditures not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement;

(d)deposits
made in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of leases or other obligations as permitted by Section 9.2;

(e)Hedge
Agreements permitted pursuant to Section 9.1;

(f)purchases
of assets in the ordinary course of business;

(g)Investments
by the Borrower or any Credit Party in the form of Permitted Acquisitions;

(h)Investments
in the form of loans and advances to officers, directors and employees (1) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount
not to exceed at any time outstanding $25,000,000 (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs of such loans or advances),
and (2) in connection with the recruitment and engagement of such officers, directors and employees that are forgivable subject
to continued employment;

(i)Investments
in the form of Restricted Payments permitted pursuant to Section 9.6;

(j)Guarantees
permitted pursuant to Section 9.1;

(k)Investments
in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the Available Amount; provided that immediately prior to and immediately
after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Investment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, (A) the Borrower
shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the Financial Covenant and (B) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

117

(l)additional
Investments so long as immediately prior to and after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Investment and any Indebtedness incurred
in connection therewith, (i) the Borrower shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the Financial Covenant, (ii) no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (iii) the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio will not exceed
3.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and determined as of the most recent Test Period ended on or prior to the date of such Investment;

(m)so
long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Borrower would be in
compliance with the Financial Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Investment, any Investments in or by a Securitization
Entity in connection with a Qualified Securitization Transaction; and

(n)Investments
not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 9.3 in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater
of (i) $85,000,000 and (ii) 25.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recent Test Period ended on or immediately
prior to the date of such Investment.

For purposes of determining
the amount of any Investment outstanding for purposes of this Section 9.3, such amount shall be deemed to be the amount of
such Investment when made, purchased or acquired (without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment)
less any amount realized in respect of such Investment upon the sale, collection or return of capital (not to exceed the original
amount invested).

SECTION 9.4Fundamental
Changes. Merge, consolidate or enter into any similar combination with, or enter into any Asset Disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets (whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions) with, any other Person or liquidate, wind-up or dissolve
itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) except:

(a)(i) any
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower (provided that the
Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving entity) or (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated
with or into any Subsidiary Guarantor (provided that the Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving entity or simultaneously
with such transaction, the continuing or surviving entity shall become a Subsidiary Guarantor and the Borrower shall comply with Section 8.14
in connection therewith);

(b)any
Subsidiary may dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise) to
the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor; provided that, with respect to any such disposition by any Subsidiary that is not a
Credit Party at the time of such disposition, the consideration for such disposition shall not exceed the fair value of such assets;

(c)any
Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge with or into the Person such Subsidiary was formed to acquire in connection with any acquisition
permitted hereunder (including, without limitation, any Permitted Acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 9.3(g)); provided
that the continuing or surviving entity shall comply with Section 8.14 in connection therewith;

(d)any
Person may merge into the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition permitted pursuant
to Section 9.3(g); provided that (i) in the case of a merger involving the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor,
the continuing or surviving Person shall be (A) the Borrower (if a merger with the Borrower) or (B) such Subsidiary Guarantor
or simultaneously with such transaction, the continuing or surviving entity shall become a Subsidiary Guarantor (if a merger with a Subsidiary
Guarantor and not involving the Borrower) and (ii) the continuing or surviving Person shall be the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
of the Borrower; and

118

(e)Asset
Dispositions permitted by Section 9.5 (other than clause (e) thereof).

SECTION 9.5Asset
Dispositions. Make any Asset Disposition except:

(a)the
sale of obsolete, worn-out or surplus assets no longer used or usable in the business of the Credit Parties;

(b)non-exclusive
licenses and sublicenses of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business not interfering, individually or in the aggregate,
in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Credit Parties;

(c)leases,
subleases, licenses or sublicenses of real or personal property granted by the Credit Parties to others in the ordinary course of business
not detracting from the value of such real or personal property or interfering in any material respect with the business of the Credit
Parties;

(d)Asset
Dispositions in connection with Insurance and Condemnation Events; provided that the requirements of Section 4.4(b) are
complied with in connection therewith;

(e)Assets
Dispositions in connection with transactions permitted by Section 9.4;

(f)Asset
Dispositions of Mortgage Loans and real estate in the ordinary course of business and substantially consistent with past practice;

(g)Asset
Dispositions in the form of a foreclosure by any Credit Party of the Lien securing any Mortgage Loan or the granting of a deed in lieu
of such foreclosure (including any subsequent sale of the underlying property) in the ordinary course of business;

(h)Asset
Dispositions in the form of the sale of all or any portion of the servicing rights arising under Servicing Contracts for Mortgage Loans
being originated after the Closing Date in a manner consistent with any Credit Partys ordinary operating practices so long as
(i) after giving effect to such Asset Disposition and any optional prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.4
the Asset Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.50 to 1.00 on a Pro Forma Basis, (ii) before and immediately after giving
effect to any such sale no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (iii)(A) prior to any such sale, the applicable
Agency or Investor, as the case may be, shall have delivered to the applicable Credit Party a written consent thereto (it being understood
and agreed that such consent may be granted or withheld by such Agency or Investor, as applicable, in its sole discretion) and (B) such
sale shall be effected in strict compliance with the applicable Agency Agreements or Investor Agreements, including, without limitation,
the applicable Guides (as such term is defined in the Collateral Agreement) and (iv) such sale shall be entirely in cash and for
fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith);

(i)[reserved];

119

(j)Asset
Dispositions not otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 9.5; provided that (i) at the time of such Asset
Disposition, no Event of Default shall exist or would result from such Asset Disposition, (ii) such Asset Disposition is made for
fair market value and the consideration received shall be no less than seventy five percent (75%) in cash, (iii) after giving effect
to such Asset Disposition and the required prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this clause (j), the Credit Parties shall be in compliance
with the Financial Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis and (iv) the Net Cash Proceeds (if any) of such Asset Disposition shall be applied
to prepay the Term Loans (or be reinvested) in accordance with Section 4.4(b); and

(k)so
long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Borrower would be in
compliance with the Financial Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Asset Disposition, Asset Dispositions to a Securitization
Entity of assets in Qualified Securitization Transactions so long as the Credit Parties after remain in compliance with the Asset Coverage
Ratio set forth in Section 9.14 on a Pro Forma Basis.

SECTION 9.6Restricted
Payments. Declare or pay any dividend on, or make any payment or other distribution on account of, or purchase, redeem, retire or
otherwise acquire (directly or indirectly), or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption, retirement
or other acquisition of, any class of Equity Interests of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than an Excluded Subsidiary),
or make any distribution of cash, property or assets to the holders of shares of any Equity Interests of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary
thereof (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) (all of the foregoing, the Restricted Payments); provided that:

(a)so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Credit Parties may pay dividends in shares
of their own Qualified Equity Interests;

(b)any
Subsidiary of the Borrower may pay cash dividends to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (and, if applicable, to other holders of
its outstanding Qualified Equity Interests on a pro rata basis);

(c)the
Borrower may repurchase or redeem its Equity Interests (x) in connection with the cashless exercise of stock options
or restricted stock awards solely to the extent that such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the exercise price thereof,
(y) that are deemed to occur upon the withholding of a portion of such Equity Interests issued to directors, officers or employees
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary under any stock option plan or other benefit plan or agreement for directors, officers and employees
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to cover withholding tax obligations of such Persons in respect of such issuance, or (z) in
accordance with the Borrowers rights or obligations under customary equity incentive plans or agreements for directors, officers
and employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount with respect to this clause (z) not exceeding $50,000,000
per Fiscal Year;

(d)the
Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount; provided that immediately prior
to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Restricted Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith,
(A) the Borrower shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the Financial Covenant, and (B) no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing;

(e)the
Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect on a
Pro Forma Basis to such Restricted Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, (i) the Borrower shall be in compliance
on a Pro Forma Basis with the Financial Covenant, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (iii) the
Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio will not exceed 2.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and determined as of the most
recent Test Period ended on or prior to the date of such Restricted Payment;

120

(f)the
Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed $125,000,000 in any Fiscal Year, which amount shall be prorated
(on the basis of a 360-day year) for the Fiscal Year in which the Closing Date occurs; provided that (i) immediately prior
to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such Restricted Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith,
(A) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Covenant, and (B) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
and

(g)the
Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed, together with all payments and prepayments of Junior Indebtedness
made pursuant to Section 9.9(b)(vi), the greater of (x) $85,000,000 and (y) and 25.0% of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro
Forma Basis to such Restricted Payment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.

SECTION 9.7Transactions
with Affiliates. Directly or indirectly enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange
of Property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with (a) any officer, director,
holder of any Equity Interests in, or other Affiliate of, the Borrower or any other Credit Party or (b) any Affiliate of any such
officer, director or holder, other than:

(i)transactions
permitted by Sections 9.1, 9.3, 9.4, 9.5, 9.6 and 9.13;

(ii)transactions
existing on the Closing Date and described on Schedule 9.7;

(iii)transactions
among Credit Parties;

(iv)other
transactions in the ordinary course of business (including servicing and corporate management transactions) on terms not less favorable
to such Credit Party as would be obtained by it on a comparable arms-length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party;

(v)employment
and severance arrangements (including equity incentive plans and employee benefit plans and arrangements) with their respective officers
and employees in the ordinary course of business; and

(vi)payment
of customary fees and reasonable out of pocket costs to, and indemnities for the benefit of, directors, officers and employees of any
Credit Party in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of such Credit Party.

SECTION 9.8Accounting
Changes; Organizational Documents.

(a)Change
its Fiscal Year end, or make (without the consent of the Administrative Agent) any material change in its accounting treatment and reporting
practices except as required by GAAP.

(b)Amend,
modify or change its articles of incorporation (or corporate charter or other similar organizational documents) or amend, modify or change
its bylaws (or other similar documents) in any manner materially adverse to the rights or interests of the Lenders.

SECTION 9.9Payments
and Modifications of Junior Indebtedness.

(a)Amend,
modify, waive or supplement (or permit the modification, amendment, waiver or supplement of) any of the terms or provisions of any Junior
Indebtedness in any respect which would materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Administrative Agent and Lenders
hereunder or would violate the subordination terms thereof.

121

(b)Cancel,
forgive, make any payment or prepayment on, or redeem or acquire for value (including, without limitation, (x) by way of depositing
with any trustee with respect thereto money or securities before due for the purpose of paying when due and (y) at the maturity
thereof) any Junior Indebtedness, except:

(i)refinancings,
refundings, renewals, extensions or exchange of any Junior Indebtedness permitted by Section 9.1(c), (g)(ii), (l),
(n) or (q) and by any subordination provisions applicable thereto;

(ii)payments
and prepayments of any Junior Indebtedness made solely with the proceeds of Qualified Equity Interests and other Junior Indebtedness
that has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity no shorter than the Junior Indebtedness being repaid;

(iii)the
payment of interest, expenses and indemnities in respect of Junior Indebtedness incurred under Section 9.1(c), (g)(ii),
(l), (n) or (q) (other than any such payments prohibited by any subordination provisions applicable thereto);

(iv)payments
and prepayments of any Junior Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount; provided that (A) immediately
prior to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such payment or prepayment of Junior Indebtedness and any Indebtedness
incurred in connection therewith, (1) the Borrower shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the Financial Covenant, and
(2) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(v)payments
and prepayments of any Junior Indebtedness; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro Forma
Basis to such payment or prepayment of Junior Indebtedness and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, (i) no Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the Borrower shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with the Financial
Covenant, and (iii) the Consolidated Net Corporate Leverage Ratio will not exceed 2.00 to 1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and
determined as of the most recent Test Period ended on or prior to the date of such payment or prepayment of Junior Indebtedness; and

(vi)the
Borrower may make additional payment or prepayment of any Junior Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed, together with all Restricted
Payments made pursuant to Section 9.6(g), the greater of (x) $85,000,000 and (y) and 25.0% of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect on a Pro
Forma Basis to such payment or prepayment and any Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith, no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing.

SECTION 9.10No
Further Negative Pledges; Restrictive Agreements.

(a)Enter
into, assume or be subject to any agreement prohibiting or otherwise restricting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon its properties
or assets (excluding the Equity Interests issued by any Excluded Subsidiary that are held by a Credit Party) to secure the Secured Obligations,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or requiring the grant of any security for such obligation if security is given for some other
obligation, except (i) pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the Incremental Equivalent Debt, (ii) pursuant
to any document or instrument governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 9.1(d) (provided that any such
restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets financed thereby), (iii) customary restrictions contained in the
organizational documents of any Excluded Subsidiary as of the Closing Date and (iv) customary restrictions in connection with any
Permitted Lien or any document or instrument governing any Permitted Lien (provided that any such restriction contained therein
relates only to the asset or assets subject to such Permitted Lien).

122

(b)Create
or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Credit Party
to (i) pay dividends or make any other distributions to any Credit Party on its Equity Interests or with respect to any other interest
or participation in, or measured by, its profits, (ii) pay any Indebtedness or other obligation owed to any Credit Party or (iii) make
loans or advances to any Credit Party, except in each case for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of (A) this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the Incremental Equivalent Debt, (B) Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Agency Repurchase
Indebtedness and (C) Applicable Law.

(c)Create
or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Credit Party
to (i) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to any Credit Party or (ii) act as a Credit Party pursuant to
the Loan Documents or any renewals, refinancings, exchanges, refundings or extension thereof, except in each case for such encumbrances
or restrictions existing under or by reason of (A) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or the Incremental Equivalent Debt,
(B) Applicable Law, (C) any document or instrument governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 9.1(d) (provided
that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets acquired in connection therewith), (D) any Permitted
Lien or any document or instrument governing any Permitted Lien (provided that any such restriction contained therein relates
only to the asset or assets subject to such Permitted Lien), (E) obligations that are binding on a Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary
first becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such obligations are not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming
a Subsidiary, (F) customary restrictions contained in an agreement related to the sale of Property (to the extent such sale is permitted
pursuant to Section 9.5) that limit the transfer of such Property pending the consummation of such sale, (G) customary
restrictions in leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted by this Agreement so long as
such restrictions relate only to the assets subject thereto, (H) customary restrictions in any documentation governing any Permitted
Funding Indebtedness, Agency Repurchase Indebtedness or Material Contract restricting any sale, assignment, lease, conveyance, transfer
or other disposition of all or any substantial part of a Credit Partys business which would not prevent the granting of the Liens
on the Collateral as contemplated by the Loan Documents, and (I) customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business.

SECTION 9.11Nature
of Business. Engage in any business other than the business conducted by the Borrower and the other Credit Parties as of the Closing
Date and business activities reasonably related or ancillary thereto.

SECTION 9.12Amendments
of Material Contracts. Amend, modify, waive or supplement (or permit modification, amendment, waiver or supplement of) any of the
terms or provisions any Material Contract, in any respect which (a) would materially and adversely affect the rights or interests
of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder or (b) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, subject to the provisions of Section 10.4, (i) nothing in this Agreement or
any other Loan Document will prohibit or otherwise limit WDLLC or WD Capital from amending, restating, supplementing, modifying or waiving
any default by an underlying obligor or related to the servicing of an underlying Mortgage Loan pursuant to any Agency Agreement if such
prohibition or limitation could have a material adverse effect on the performance by WDLLC or WD Capital of any of its duties or obligations
with respect to servicing of Mortgage Loans thereunder; and (ii) no provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document will
prohibit or otherwise limit WDLLC or WD Capital from consenting to or otherwise effecting or implementing any amendment, restatement,
supplement or other modification to or of any applicable Agency Agreement required or requested by the subject Agency or consistent with
modifications generally applicable to the subject Agency Agreements or to a seller/servicer thereunder, if such amendment, restatement
supplement or other modification is required or requested by the applicable Agency; provided however, the foregoing shall not
be deemed to or construed to modify, amend or limit the provisions of any of the Agency Consents.

123

SECTION 9.13[Reserved].

SECTION 9.14Financial
Covenant Asset Coverage Ratio. Beginning with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, permit the Asset Coverage Ratio
as of the last day of any Test Period to be less than 1.50 to 1.00.

SECTION 9.15Voting
Agreements. Enter into any agreement or other arrangement that would provide any shareholder or group of shareholders owning fifty
percent (50%) or less of the Equity Interests of the Borrower the ability to veto, control or otherwise direct the general corporate
management or other fundamental actions of the Borrower in any manner that is adverse to the rights and interests of the Administrative
Agent or the Lenders.

SECTION 9.16Special
Covenant Regarding Excluded Subsidiaries. No Excluded Subsidiary shall (i) engage in any transaction with any Affiliate of the
Borrower (other than a Credit Party or another Excluded Subsidiary) that would not be permitted by Section 9.7 if such Excluded
Subsidiary were a Credit Party or (ii) or purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire (directly or indirectly) any Equity Interests
of the Borrower.

SECTION 9.17Outbound
Investment Rules. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become a covered foreign
person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, or (b) engage, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered
activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any
activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such term
is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the
Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

ARTICLE X

SPECIAL
PROVISIONS REGARDING AGENCY MATTERS

To induce the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to make Extensions
of Credit, the Credit Parties hereby (x) represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders both before and after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereunder to the following and (y) agree that until all of the Obligations (other
than contingent, indemnification obligations not then due) have been paid and satisfied in full in cash, all Letters of Credit have been
terminated or expired (or have been cash collateralized), all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed and the Commitments terminated it
shall cause the following to occur:

124

SECTION 10.1Special
Representations, Warranties and Covenants Concerning Eligibility as Seller/Issuer and Service of Mortgage Loans. To the extent required
in the conduct of its business each Credit Party is approved, qualified and in good standing as a lender, seller/servicer or issuer,
as set forth below, and meets and shall meet all requirements applicable to: (i) its status as a Fannie Mae-approved seller/servicer
of Mortgage Loans, eligible to originate, purchase, hold, sell and service Mortgage Loans to be sold to Fannie Mae under any Fannie Mae
Program; (ii) its status as a Freddie Mac Program Plus seller/servicer of Mortgage Loans, eligible to originate, purchase, hold,
sell and service Mortgage Loans to be sold to Freddie Mac under any Freddie Mac Program; (iii) its status as a Ginnie Mae-approved
issuer/servicer of Mortgage Loans, eligible to originate, purchase, hold, sell and service Mortgage Loans, to be guaranteed by Ginnie
Mae under any Ginnie Mae Program; (iv) its status as a FHA/HUD approved mortgagee and HUD MAP Lender with respect to Mortgage Loans
under any FHA/HUD Program; and (v) its status as an approved seller/issuer/servicer of Mortgage Loans to be sold to or guaranteed
by any other Investor pursuant to any program established under any Investor Agreement which is a Material Contract, as applicable.

SECTION 10.2Special
Representations, Warranties and Covenants Concerning Agency Agreements.

(a)Without
limiting the provisions of Sections 7.12 and 8.12, no Credit Party is or will be in breach or in default in any material
respect of, or under, any of the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Freddie Mac Agreements, the Ginnie Mae Agreements, the FHA/HUD Agreements,
and/or any Investor Agreement which is a Material Contract, including, without limitation, as further provided in the Collateral Agreement.

(b)Without
limiting the provisions of Section 8.12, each Credit Party shall perform and observe all the respective terms and provisions
of each of the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Freddie Mac Agreements, the Ginnie Mae Agreements, the FHA/HUD Agreements, and any other Investor
Agreement which is a Material Contract to be performed or observed by it in all material respects, and maintain each such Material Contract,
including, without limitation, as further provided in each Collateral Agreement.

SECTION 10.3Special
Representation, Warranty and Covenant with respect to Fannie Mae Program Reserve Requirements.

(a)Each
Credit Party will have met the Fannie Mae Program requirements for lender reserves for each Fannie Mae Mortgage Loan originated by it,
at such time as required by Fannie Mae under any Fannie Mae Program.

(b)Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, any and all reserves relating to Fannie Mae Program requirements
for lender reserves returned or to be returned to any Credit Party, shall be applied to repayment of the Obligations in accordance with
Section 11.4.

Nothing in this Agreement
will limit (i) Fannie Maes rights to set reserve and capital requirements of any Credit Party, under the Fannie Mae Agreements
and applicable Fannie Mae Guides or (ii) any Credit Partys obligation to comply with such reserve and capital requirements.
The foregoing provisions of this Section 10.3 are in addition to, and not in limitation of, the provisions of Section 10.2
and/or the provisions of the Collateral Agreement.

SECTION 10.4Special
Provisions Regarding Agency Collateral. With respect to the Pledged Equity Interests in WDLLC and WD Capital and the respective Agency
Security Interests granted to Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the respective Agency Collateral relating
to the respective Agency Designated Loans under the Collateral Agreement, each of Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent, each of the
Lenders and each of the Issuing Banks expressly acknowledge and agree as follows:

(a)Fannie
Mae Collateral.

(i)The
provisions of the Collateral Agreement, respecting the Pledged Equity Interest in WDLLC and WD Capital and the Fannie Mae Collateral,
as set forth in Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement, are specifically incorporated herein by reference, including, without
limitation, with respect to the terms, conditions, notice requirements, limitations, and agreements with respect to the Fannie Mae Security
Interests granted to Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Fannie Mae Collateral relating to the Fannie
Mae Designated Loans under the Collateral Agreement;

125

(ii)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Collateral Agreement or any other documents executed in connection with this
Agreement or the Collateral Agreement, in no event shall (i) any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Facility
Increases be advanced to the Borrower without the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, (ii) the aggregate amount of Term Loans and
Refinancing Term Loans taking together exceed the aggregate amount of up to $450,000,000 (but together with the Senior Notes not to exceed
$850,000,000) without the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, (iii) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Facility and Replacement
Revolving Credit Facilities taken together exceed $50,000,000 without the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, and/or (iv) the aggregate
principal amount of Senior Notes exceed up to $450,000,000 (but together with the Term Loans not to exceed $850,000,000) without the
prior written consent of Fannie Mae; and

(iii)In
providing its Agency Consent, Fannie Mae is relying fully, and such Agency Consent is conditioned, upon the terms and conditions of this
Section 10.4(a), Section 9.12, Section 11.7, the final paragraph of Section 13.1(a),
the final paragraph of Section 13.2, and Section 13.26 hereof, and Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement.

(b)Freddie
Mac Collateral.

(i)The
provisions of the Collateral Agreement, respecting the Pledged Equity Interest in WDLLC and WD Capital and the Freddie Mac Collateral,
as set forth in Section 8.02 of the Collateral Agreement, are specifically incorporated herein by reference, including, without
limitation, with respect to the terms, conditions, notice requirements, limitations, and agreements with respect to the Freddie Mac Security
Interests granted to Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Freddie Mac Collateral relating to the Freddie
Mac Designated Loans under the Collateral Agreement; and

(ii)In
providing its Agency Consent, Freddie Mac is relying fully, and such Agency Consent is conditioned, upon the terms and conditions of
this Section 10.4(b), Section 9.12 and Section 11.8 hereof, and Section 8.02 of the Collateral
Agreement.

(c)Ginnie
Mae Collateral.

(i)The
provisions of the Collateral Agreement, respecting the Pledged Equity Interest in WDLLC and WD Capital and the Ginnie Mae Collateral,
as set forth in Section 8.03 of the Collateral Agreement, are specifically incorporated herein by reference, including, without
limitation, with respect to the terms, conditions, notice requirements, limitations, and agreements with respect to the Ginnie Mae Security
Interests granted to Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Ginnie Mae Collateral relating to the Ginnie
Mae Designated Loans under the Collateral Agreement; and

(ii)In
providing its Agency Consent, Ginnie Mae is relying fully, and such Agency Consent is conditioned, upon the terms and conditions of this
Section 10.4(c), Section 9.12, and Section 11.9 hereof, and Section 8.03 of the Collateral Agreement.

126

ARTICLE XI

DEFAULT
AND REMEDIES

SECTION 11.1Events
of Default. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a)Default
in Payment of Principal of Loans and Reimbursement Obligations. The Borrower or any other Credit Party shall default in any payment
of principal of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligations when and as due (whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration or otherwise) or
fail to provide cash collateral pursuant to Section 3.10.

(b)Other
Payment Default. The Borrower or any other Credit Party shall default in the payment when and as due (whether at maturity, by reason
of acceleration or otherwise) of interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation or the payment of any other Obligation (other than
as set forth in Section 11.1(a)), and such default shall continue for a period of five (5) calendar days.

(c)Misrepresentation.
Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Credit Party in this Agreement,
in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith that is subject to materiality or Material
Adverse Effect qualifications, shall be incorrect or misleading in any respect when made or deemed made or any representation, warranty,
certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Credit Party in this Agreement, any other Loan Document,
or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith that is not subject to materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications,
shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made.

(d)Default
in Performance of Certain Covenants. Any Credit Party shall default in the performance or observance of any covenant or agreement
contained in Sections 8.3(a) or 8.14 (only with respect to the Borrower) or Article IX.

(e)Default
in Performance of Other Covenants and Conditions. Any Credit Party shall default in the performance or observance of any term, covenant,
condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than as specifically provided for in this Section 11.1) or any
other Loan Document and such default shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days after the Administrative Agents delivery
of written notice thereof to the Borrower.

(f)Indebtedness
Cross-Default. Any Credit Party shall (i) default in the payment of any Indebtedness (excluding the Loans or any Reimbursement
Obligation, but including any Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness) the aggregate principal amount (or, with respect Securitization
Transaction Attributed Indebtedness, the aggregate amount that would be characterized as principal if such Qualified Securitization Transaction
were required to be structured as a secured lending transaction), or with respect to any Hedge Agreement, the Hedge Termination Value,
of which is in excess of the Threshold Amount beyond the period of grace if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which
such Indebtedness was created, or (ii) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to
any Indebtedness (excluding the Loans or any Reimbursement Obligation, but including any Securitization Transaction Attributed Indebtedness)
the aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts) (or, with respect Securitization Transaction Attributed
Indebtedness, the aggregate amount that would be characterized as principal if such Qualified Securitization Transaction were required
to be structured as a secured lending transaction), or with respect to any Hedge Agreement, the Hedge Termination Value, of which is
in excess of the Threshold Amount or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto or any other event
shall occur or condition exist, in each case, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder
or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, with the giving of notice and/or
lapse of time, if required, any such Indebtedness to (A) become due prior to its stated maturity (any applicable grace period having
expired) or (B) be cash collateralized.

127

(g)Other
Cross-Defaults. Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) shall default in the payment when
due, or in the performance or observance, of any obligation or condition of any Material Contract, unless, but only as long as, the existence
of any such default is being contested by such Credit Party or any such Subsidiary in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate
reserves in respect thereof have been established on the books of the Borrower or such Credit Party to the extent required by GAAP.

(h)Change
in Control. Any Change in Control shall occur.

(i)Voluntary
Bankruptcy Proceeding. Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) shall (i) commence a voluntary
case under any Debtor Relief Laws, (ii) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any Debtor Relief Laws, (iii) consent
to or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner any petition filed against it in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief
Laws, (iv) apply for or consent to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, the appointment of, or the taking of
possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee, or liquidator of itself or of a substantial part of its property, domestic or foreign,
(v) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, (vi) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or (vii) take any corporate action for the purpose of authorizing any of the foregoing.

(j)Involuntary
Bankruptcy Proceeding. A case or other proceeding shall be commenced against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than
an Excluded Subsidiary) in any court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief under any Debtor Relief Laws, or (ii) the
appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like for any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than an Excluded
Subsidiary) or for all or any substantial part of their respective assets, domestic or foreign, and such case or proceeding shall continue
without dismissal or stay for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days, or an order granting the relief requested in such case or
proceeding (including, but not limited to, an order for relief under such federal bankruptcy laws) shall be entered.

(k)Failure
of Agreements. Any provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document shall for any reason cease to be valid
and binding on any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof party thereto or any such Person shall so state in writing, or any Loan Document
shall for any reason cease to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on, or security interest
in, any of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, in each case other than in accordance with the express terms hereof or thereof.

(l)ERISA
Events. The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment
when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of any Pension Plan or Sections 412 or 430 of the Code, any Credit Party or any ERISA
Affiliate is required to pay as contributions thereto and such unpaid amounts are in excess of the Threshold Amount, (ii) a Termination
Event or (iii) any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate as employers under one or more Multiemployer Plans makes a complete or partial
withdrawal from any such Multiemployer Plan and the plan sponsor of such Multiemployer Plans notifies such withdrawing employer that
such employer has incurred a withdrawal liability requiring payments in an amount exceeding the Threshold Amount.

128

(m)Judgment.
A judgment or order for the payment of money which causes the aggregate amount of all such judgments or orders (net of any amounts paid
or fully covered by independent third party insurance as to which the relevant insurance company does not dispute coverage) to exceed
the Threshold Amount shall be entered against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) by any court
and such judgment or order shall continue without having been discharged, vacated or stayed for a period of thirty (30) consecutive
days after the entry thereof.

SECTION 11.2Remedies.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent
may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower:

(a)Acceleration;
Termination of Credit Facility. Terminate the Commitments and declare the principal of and interest on the Loans and the Reimbursement
Obligations at the time outstanding and all other amounts owed to the Lenders and to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents (including all LC Exposures, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then-outstanding Letters of Credit
shall have presented or shall be entitled to present the documents required thereunder) and all other Obligations, to be forthwith due
and payable, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any
kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Credit Party, anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary
notwithstanding, and terminate the Credit Facility and any right of the Borrower to request borrowings or Letters of Credit thereunder;
provided, that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 11.1(i) or (j), the Credit
Facility shall be automatically terminated and all Obligations shall automatically become due and payable without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Credit Party, anything in this Agreement or in any other
Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b)Letters
of Credit. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time
of an acceleration pursuant to Section 11.2(a), demand that the Borrower shall at such time deposit in a Collateral Account
opened by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount of the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount
of such Letter of Credit. Amounts held in such Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts
drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully
drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay the other Secured Obligations in accordance with Section 11.4. After all such
Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, the Reimbursement Obligation shall have been satisfied and all other Secured
Obligations shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such Collateral Account shall be returned to the Borrower.

(c)General
Remedies. Exercise on behalf of the Secured Parties all of its other rights and remedies under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents
and Applicable Law, in order to satisfy all of the Secured Obligations.

129

SECTION 11.3Rights
and Remedies Cumulative; Non-Waiver; Etc.

(a)The
enumeration of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders set forth in this Agreement is not intended to be
exhaustive and the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of any right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any
other rights or remedies, all of which shall be cumulative, and shall be in addition to any other right or remedy given hereunder or
under the other Loan Documents or that may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity or by suit or otherwise. No delay or failure to
take action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege or shall be construed to be a waiver of any Event of Default. No course of dealing
between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or their respective agents or employees shall be effective to change,
modify or discharge any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or to constitute a waiver of any Event of Default.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under
the other Loan Documents against the Credit Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at
law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with
Section 11.2 for the benefit of all the Secured Parties; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the
Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative
Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender from exercising the rights and
remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and
under the other Loan Documents, (iii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 13.4 (subject
to the terms of Section 5.6), or (iv) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its
own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Credit Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further,
that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (A) the
Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.2 and (B) in
addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 5.6,
any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required
Lenders.

SECTION 11.4Crediting
of Payments and Proceeds. In the event that the Obligations have been accelerated pursuant to Section 11.2 or the Administrative
Agent or any Lender has exercised any remedy set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, all payments received on account
of the Secured Obligations and all net proceeds from the enforcement of the Secured Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative
Agent as follows, subject to the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, if any:

First,
to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts, including attorneys
fees, payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;

Second,
to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees (other than Commitment Fees and Letter of Credit fees payable
to the Revolving Credit Lenders), indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders, the Issuing
Banks and the Swingline Lender (but excluding any amounts owing to Hedge Banks or Cash Management Banks in their capacities as such)
under the Loan Documents, including attorneys fees, ratably among the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

130

Third,
to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Commitment Fees, Letter of Credit fees payable
to the Revolving Credit Lenders and interest on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations, ratably among the Lenders, the Issuing Banks
and the Swingline Lender in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;

Fourth,
to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and payment
obligations then owing under Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements and to cash collateralize any LC Exposures
then outstanding, ratably among the Lenders, the Hedge Banks and the Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described
in this clause Fourth payable to them;

Fifth,
to the payment in full of all other Secured Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing
Banks and the Swingline Lender based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Secured Obligations owing to them in accordance
with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and

Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required
by Applicable Law.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application
described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the
Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank
or Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be
deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article XII
for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto.

SECTION 11.5Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or LC Exposure shall
then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall
have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements
and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order
to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel
and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent under Sections 5.3 and 13.3) allowed
in such judicial proceeding; and

(b)to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

131

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing
Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of
such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative
Agent under Sections 5.3 and 13.3.

SECTION 11.6Credit
Bidding.

(a)The
Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties, shall have the right (but not the obligation) to credit bid and purchase
for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties all or any portion of Collateral at any sale thereof conducted by
the Administrative Agent or its designee under the provisions of the UCC, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the UCC, at
any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 thereof, or a sale under
a plan of reorganization, or at any other sale or foreclosure conducted by the Administrative Agent or its designee (whether by judicial
action or otherwise) in accordance with Applicable Law. Such credit bid or purchase may be completed through one or more acquisition
vehicles formed by the Administrative Agent to make such credit bid or purchase and, in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent
is authorized, on behalf of itself and the other Secured Parties, to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition
vehicle or vehicles, and assign the applicable Secured Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle in exchange for Equity Interests and/or
debt issued by the applicable acquisition vehicle (which shall be deemed to be held for the ratable account of the applicable Secured
Parties on the basis of the Secured Obligations so assigned by each Secured Party); provided that any actions by the Administrative
Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof, shall
be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without
giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 13.2.

(b)Each
Lender hereby agrees, on behalf of itself and each of its Affiliates that is a Secured Party, that, except as otherwise provided in any
Loan Document or with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, it will not take any enforcement action,
accelerate obligations under any of the Loan Documents, or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under Applicable Law to credit
bid at foreclosure sales, UCC sales or other similar dispositions of Collateral.

SECTION 11.7Fannie
Mae Limitations. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any Security Document to the contrary: (i) the provisions
of Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement are specifically incorporated herein by reference; and (ii) the terms and conditions
of Section 10.4(a) hereof and Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement shall at all times be applicable, including,
without limitation, with respect to all limitations and requirements for consent by Fannie Mae therein contained.

SECTION 11.8Freddie
Mac Limitations. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any Security Document to the contrary: (i) the provisions
of Section 8.02 of the Collateral Agreement are specifically incorporated herein by reference; and (ii) the terms and conditions
of Section 10.4(b) hereof and Section 8.02 of the Collateral Agreement shall at all times be applicable, including,
without limitation, with respect to all limitations and requirements for consent by Freddie Mac therein contained.

SECTION 11.9Ginnie
Mae Limitations. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any Security Document to the contrary: (i) the provisions
of Section 8.03 of the Collateral Agreement are specifically incorporated herein by reference; and (ii) the terms and conditions
of Section 10.4(c) hereof and Section 8.03 of the Collateral Agreement shall at all times be applicable, including,
without limitation, with respect to all limitations and requirements for consent by Ginnie Mae therein contained.

132

ARTICLE XII

THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT

SECTION 12.1Appointment
and Authority.

(a)Each
of the Lenders and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints JPMorgan to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder
and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers
as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article XII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks, and neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such
provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other
similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create
or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including
in its capacity as a potential Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank and on behalf of any Affiliate thereof which is a Hedge Bank or Cash
Management Bank, each of which Affiliate shall in any event be deemed to have joined in such appointment by its acceptance of the benefits
conferred to it herein and in the Security Documents) and each of the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and such Issuing Bank or such other Secured Party for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing
any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Credit Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers
and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto (including, without limitation, to enter into additional Loan Documents or supplements
to existing Loan Documents on behalf of the Secured Parties). In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent
and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Article XII for
purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising
any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions
of Articles XII and XIII (including Section 13.3, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact
were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.

SECTION 12.2Rights
as a Lender and an Issuing Bank. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in
its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and in its capacity as an Issuing Bank as any other Issuing Bank and may exercise the same
as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender, Lenders, Issuing Bank or
Issuing Banks shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business
with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without
any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks.

133

SECTION 12.3Exculpatory
Provisions.

(a)The
Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents,
and its duties hereunder and thereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative
Agent:

(i)shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(ii)shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents),
provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel,
may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance
of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification
or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and

(iii)shall
not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained
by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required
Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good
faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 13.2 and Section 11.2) or (ii) in
the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final non-appealable
judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing
such Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank.

(c)The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document
delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument
or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article VI or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm
receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (iv) the utilization of any Issuing Banks
Letter of Credit Commitment (it being understood and agreed that each Issuing Bank shall monitor compliance with its own Letter of Credit
Commitment without any further action by the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative
Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any
Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or
any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or Issuing Bank.

134

SECTION 12.4Reliance
by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying
upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet
or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated
by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it
to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition
hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled
to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such
Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing
Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel
(who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action
taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

SECTION 12.5Delegation
of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers (including as collateral
agent) hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative
Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or
through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article XII shall apply to any such sub-agent
and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection
with the syndication of the Credit Facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible
for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final
and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such
sub-agents.

SECTION 12.6Resignation
of Administrative Agent.

(a)The
Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon receipt
of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the Borrowers prior written consent so long
as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United
States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the
Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its
resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date), then
the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor
Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall
become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.

(b)If
the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof, the Required
Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person, remove such Person as Administrative
Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required
Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the
Removal Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on
the Removal Effective Date.

135

(c)With
effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable), (1) the retiring or removed Administrative
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any
collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or
removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed)
and (2) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and
determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each Issuing
Bank directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon
the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested
with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity
payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative
Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the
retiring or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions
of this Article XII and Section 13.3 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative
Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while
the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.

(d)Any
resignation by, or removal of, JPMorgan as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 12.6 shall also constitute its resignation
as an Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder,
(i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing
Bank, if in its sole discretion it elects to, and Swingline Lender, (ii) the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be
discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor
Issuing Bank, if in its sole discretion it elects to, shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any,
outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring Issuing Bank to effectively assume
the obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit.

SECTION 12.7Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders or Issuing Banks. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their respective Related Parties and
based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.
Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or
any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from
time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank
expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties has made any representations or warranties
to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent or any such Related Party hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of
the Borrower or any other Credit Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any
Related Party to any Lender or any Issuing Bank. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Article XII
each of the Lenders and each of the Issuing Banks hereby acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Agency Consents
(and, to the extent applicable, any consent or acknowledgment of an Agency in connection with an Incremental Term Loan) and agrees to
be bound by the terms thereof as if a signatory thereto. Each Lender (and each assignee of a Lender that becomes a party hereto after
the Closing Date) and each Issuing Bank (and each assignee of an Issuing Bank that becomes a party hereto after the Closing Date) including
in its capacity as a potential Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank and on behalf of any Affiliate thereof which is a Hedge Bank or Cash
Management Bank, hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to enter into the Agency Consents (and, to the extent applicable,
any consent or acknowledgment of an Agency in connection with an Incremental Increase) on behalf of such Lender or such Issuing Bank
(or other Secured Parties) and agrees that the Administrative Agent may take such actions on its behalf as is contemplated by the terms
of any such Agency Consent (or other consent or acknowledgement, as the case may be). Each Affiliate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank shall
in any event be deemed to have by its acceptance of the benefits conferred to it herein and in the Security Documents agreed to the provisions
of this Section 12.7.

136

SECTION 12.8No
Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the syndication agents, documentation agents, co-agents,
arrangers or bookrunners listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder.

SECTION 12.9Collateral
and Guaranty Matters.

(a)Each
of the Lenders (including in its or any of its Affiliates capacities as a potential Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank) and each
of the Issuing Banks irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion:

(i)to
release any Lien on any Collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, under
any Loan Document (A) upon the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments and payment in full of all Secured Obligations (other
than (1) contingent indemnification obligations and (2) obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements
or Secured Hedge Agreements) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit which have been
cash collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof or as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and
the applicable Issuing Bank shall have been made), (B) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed
of to a Person that is not a Credit Party, as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under the Loan Documents,
or (C) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 13.2;

(ii)to
subordinate any Lien on any Collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien
permitted pursuant to Section 9.2(h); and

(iii)to
release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under any Loan Documents if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an
Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents.

Upon request by the Administrative
Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release or subordinate
its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Collateral
Agreement pursuant to this Section 12.9. In each case as specified in this Section 12.9, the Administrative Agent
will, at the Borrowers expense and upon delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying
that such release or subordination is permitted by the Loan Documents (including this Section 12.9), execute and deliver
to the applicable Credit Party such documents as such Credit Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral
from the assignment and security interest granted under the Security Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release
such Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Collateral Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan
Documents and this Section 12.9. In the case of any such sale, transfer or disposal of any property constituting Collateral
to a Person that is not a Credit Party, in a transaction constituting an Asset Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 9.5,
the Liens created by any of the Security Documents on such property shall be automatically released without need for further action by
any person.

137

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding
the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agents Lien
thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Credit Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or
liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. Any document executed and delivered by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 12.9 shall be without recourse to, or representation or warranty by, the Administrative
Agent.

SECTION 12.10Secured
Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements. No Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 11.4
or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Security Document shall have any right to notice of any action or
to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including
the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided
in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article XII to the contrary, the Administrative Agent
shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Cash
Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Secured Cash Management
Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the
applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be.

SECTION 12.11Acknowledgement
of Lenders and Issuing Banks.

(a)Each
Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility,
(ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be
applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing,
acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention
of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender
or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender or an Issuing Bank, and to make, acquire
or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and
to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person
exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities,
is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing
Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender
or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain
material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates)
as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

138

(b)Each
Lender and each Issuing Bank, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Closing Date, or delivering its signature
page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder,
shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to
be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the Issuing Banks on the Closing Date.

(c)(i) Each
Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or such Issuing Bank that
the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or such Issuing Bank from
the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise;
individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or such Issuing Bank (whether
or not known to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such
Lender or such Issuing Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, agree in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment
(or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived
in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received
by such Lender or such Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and
a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time
in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or such Issuing Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives,
as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim
or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on
discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or any Issuing Bank under
this Section 12.11(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(ii)Each
Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates
(x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative
Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded
or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. 
Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may
have been sent in error, such Lender or such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon
demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later
date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any
such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the
extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof)
was received by such Lender or such Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the
NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
from time to time in effect.

139

(iii)The
Borrower and each other Credit Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered
from any Lender or any Issuing Bank that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall
be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or such Issuing Bank with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall
not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Credit Party, except, in each
case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of
funds of the Borrower or any other Credit Party intended to pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by
the Borrower or any other Credit Party.

(iv)Each
partys obligations under this Section 12.11(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments
or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.

(d)The
Lenders and Issuing Banks acknowledge that there may be a constant flow of information (including information which may be subject to
confidentiality obligations in favor of the Credit Parties) between the Credit Parties and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. and its Affiliates, on the other hand. Without limiting the foregoing, the Credit Parties or their Affiliates may provide
information, including updates to previously provided information to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and/or its Affiliates acting in different
capacities, including as a Lender or an Issuing Bank, lead bank, arranger or potential securities investor, independent of such entitys
role as administrative agent hereunder. The Lenders and Issuing Banks acknowledge that neither JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. nor its Affiliates
shall be under any obligation to provide any of the foregoing information to them. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein or in any other Loan Document, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders
or the Issuing Banks by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide,
and shall not be liable for the failure to provide, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, as applicable, with any credit or other information
concerning the Loans, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or
creditworthiness of any of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates that is communicated to, obtained by, or in the possession
of, the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity, including any information obtained by the Administrative Agent
in the course of communications among the Administrative Agent and any Credit Party, any Affiliate thereof or any other Person. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, subject to any confidentiality provisions in agreements between any Credit Party and the Administrative Agent, any such
information may (but shall not be required to) be shared by the Administrative Agent with one or more Lenders or one or more Issuing
Banks, or any formal or informal committee or ad hoc group of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks, as applicable, including at the direction
of a Credit Party.

SECTION 12.12Borrower
Communications.

(a)The
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower
Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission
system (the Approved Borrower Portal).

(b)Although
the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented
or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Closing Date, a user ID/password authorization system),
each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an
electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives
or contacts of the Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated
with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of Borrower Communications
through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

140

(c)THE
APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO
NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER
COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ARRANGER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED
PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY CREDIT PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK
OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWERS TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS
THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL.

(d)Each
of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by
applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance with the Administrative
Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(e)Nothing
herein shall prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other
manner specified in such Loan Document.

ARTICLE XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 13.1Notices.

(a)Notices
Generally. All notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight
courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or e-mail, as follows:

If to the Borrower:

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, MD 20814

Attention of: Issa Bannourah 

Telephone No.: (301) 202-3298

Facsimile No.: (301) 500-1223

E-mail: ibannourah@walkerdunlop.com

141

With copies to:

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1300

Bethesda, MD 20814

Attention of: Daniel J. Groman

Telephone No.: (301) 202-3277

Facsimile No.: (301) 500-1223

E-mail: DGroman@walkerdunlop.com

and

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP

2222 Market Street

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-2921

Attention
of: Michael J. Pedrick

Telephone No.: (215) 963-4808

Facsimile No.: (215) 963-5001

E-mail: michael.pedrick@morganlewis.com

If to JPMorgan as Administrative Agent from the Borrower,
to the address or addresses separately provided to the Borrower.

If to JPMorgan as Administrative Agent from the Lenders:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04

Chicago, IL, 60603-5506

Attention: Loan & Agency Servicing

Email:
jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com

Agency
Withholding Tax Inquiries:

Email:
agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com

Agency
Compliance/Financials/Intralinks:

Email:
covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com

If to any Issuing Bank, to it at the address separately
provided to the Borrower.

If to the Swingline Lender, at the address separately provided
to the Borrower.

If to any Lender:

To the address of such Lender set forth
on the Register with respect to deliveries of notices and other documentation that may contain material non-public information.

Notices sent by hand or overnight
courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile
shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed
to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communication,
a Platform or an Approved Borrower Portal, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in
said paragraph (b).

142

All notices received or delivered
by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 13.1(a) relating to (i) any of Section 9.12, Section 10.4(a),
Section 11.7, or Section 13.26 of this Agreement or Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement, or any other
provision of this Agreement, the Collateral Agreement, or any other Loan Document which relates to such Sections, (ii) the Borrowers
request to establish one or more Incremental Increase, (iii) any notice of Default or Event of Default, (iv) any amendment,
modification, waiver, supplement or other change to any of Section 9.12, Section 10.4(a), Section 11.7,
or Section 13.26 of this Agreement or Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement or any other amendment or modification
of this Agreement or the Collateral Agreement affecting such Sections, or (v) any amendment or modification of this Agreement or
the Collateral Agreement or any other event or occurrence that could reasonably be expected to result in a default under or breach by
any Credit Party of the Fannie Mae Agreements or the Fannie Mae Program, or adversely affect any right, obligation or other interest
of any Credit Party or of Fannie Mae under any Fannie Mae Agreements shall be provided by the Borrower to Fannie Mae to the address set
forth in Section 8.01(d) of the Collateral Agreement.

(b)Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Borrower, any other Credit Party, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and
the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites),
using a Platform or an Approved Borrower Portal (as applicable), in each case, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative
Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II, III or IV
unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower
may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures
approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative
Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders
receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available,
return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall
be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both
clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the
recipient, such notice, email or other communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business
Day for the recipient.

(c)Administrative
Agents Office. The Administrative Agent hereby designates its office located at the address set forth in Section 13.1(a),
or any subsequent office which shall have been specified for such purpose by written notice to the Borrower and Lenders, as the Administrative
Agents Office referred to herein, to which payments due are to be made and at which Loans will be disbursed and Letters of Credit
requested.

(d)Change
of Address, Etc. Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice
to the other parties hereto.

143

(e)Platform.

(i)Each
Credit Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Borrower Materials available to the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks by posting the Borrower Materials on the Platform.

(ii)The
Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the accuracy
or completeness of the Borrower Materials or the adequacy of the Platform, and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in
the Borrower Materials. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any
Agent Party in connection with the Borrower Materials or the Platform. Each of the Lenders, Issuing Bank, any Credit Party acknowledge
and agree that the distribution of material though an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not
responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Platform, and that there may
be confidentiality and other risks associate with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, Issuing Bank and the Credit Parties hereby
approve distribution of the Borrower Materials through the Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. In no
event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability
to any Credit Party, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses
of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Credit Partys or the Administrative Agents transmission
of communications through the Internet (including, without limitation, the Platform), except to the extent that such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided that in no event shall any Agent Party have any
liability to any Credit Party, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive
damages, losses or expenses (as opposed to actual damages, losses or expenses).

(f)Private
Side Designation. Each Public-Sider agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public-Sider to at all times
have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in
order to enable such Public-Sider or its delegate, in accordance with such Public-Siders compliance procedures and Applicable
Law, including United States Federal and state securities Applicable Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made
available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information
with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities Applicable Laws.

SECTION 13.2Amendments,
Waivers and Consents. Except as set forth below or as specifically provided in any Loan Document (including Sections 5.8(b) and
(c)), any term, covenant, agreement or condition of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents may be amended or waived
by the Lenders, and any consent given by the Lenders, if, but only if, such amendment, waiver or consent is in writing signed by the
Required Lenders (or by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and delivered to the Administrative Agent
and, in the case of an amendment, signed by the Borrower; provided, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a)increase
the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 11.2) or the amount of Loans of
any Lender, in any case, without the written consent of such Lender;

144

(b)waive,
extend or postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (it being understood that a waiver of
a mandatory prepayment under Section 4.4(b) shall only require the consent of the Required Term Loan Lenders) of principal,
interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent
of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby;

(c)reduce
the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, or (subject to clause (iv) of
the proviso set forth in the paragraph below) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, or change the manner of computation of any
financial ratio (including any change in any applicable defined term) used in determining the Applicable Margin that would result in
a reduction of any interest rate on any Loan or any fee payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely
affected thereby; provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower
to pay interest at the rate set forth in Section 5.1(b) during the continuance of an Event of Default;

(d)change
Section 5.6, Section 5.14(a)(ii) or Section 11.4 in a manner that would alter the pro rata
sharing of payments or order of application required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected
thereby;

(e)change
Section 4.4(b)(v) in a manner that would alter the order of application of amounts prepaid pursuant thereto without
the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby;

(f)except
as otherwise permitted by this Section 13.2, change any provision of this Section 13.2 or reduce the percentages
specified in the definitions of Required Lenders, Required Revolving Credit Lenders or Required Term
Loan Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise
modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly
affected thereby;

(g)consent
to the assignment or transfer by any Credit Party of such Credit Partys rights and obligations under any Loan Document to which
it is a party (except as permitted pursuant to Section 9.4), in each case, without the written consent of each Lender;

(h)release
(i) all of the Subsidiary Guarantors or (ii) Subsidiary Guarantors comprising substantially all of the credit support for the
Secured Obligations, in any case, from the Collateral Agreement (other than as authorized in Section 12.9), without the written
consent of each Lender;

(i)release
all or substantially all of the Collateral or release any Security Document (other than as authorized in Section 12.9 or
as otherwise specifically permitted or contemplated in this Agreement or the applicable Security Document) without the written consent
of each Lender;

145

(j)subordinate
(x) the Liens securing any of the Obligations on all or substantially all of the Collateral (Existing Liens)
to the Liens securing any other Indebtedness or other obligations or (y) any Obligations in contractual right of payment to any
other Indebtedness or other obligations (any such other Indebtedness or other obligations, to which such Liens securing any of the Obligations
or such Obligations, as applicable, are subordinated, Senior Indebtedness), in either the case of the foregoing
subclause (x) or (y), (1) except with respect to the approval of a debtor-in-possession financing or (2) unless each adversely
affected Lender has been offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro rata share (based on the
amount of Obligations that are adversely affected thereby held by each Lender) of the Senior Indebtedness on the same terms (other
than bona fide backstop fees and reimbursement of counsel fees and other expenses in connection with the negotiation of the terms
of such transaction; such fees and expenses, Ancillary Fees) as offered to all other providers (or their Affiliates)
of the Senior Indebtedness and to the extent such adversely affected Lender decides to participate in the Senior Indebtedness, receive
its pro rata share of the fees and any other similar benefit (other than Ancillary Fees) of the Senior Indebtedness afforded to
the providers of the Senior Indebtedness (or any of their Affiliates) in connection with providing the Senior Indebtedness pursuant to
a written offer made to each such adversely affected Lender describing the material terms of the arrangements pursuant to which the Senior Indebtedness
is to be provided, which offer shall remain open to each adversely affected Lender for a period of not less than five (5) Business
Days; or

(k)amend
or otherwise modify Section 6.2 solely with respect to any Extension of Credit under the Revolving Credit Commitments, waive
any representation made or deemed made in connection with any Extension of Credit under the Revolving Credit Commitments, waive or consent
to any Default or Event of Default relating solely to the Revolving Credit Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments (including Defaults
and Events of Default relating to the foregoing), in each case, without the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders;
provided, however, that the amendments, supplements, modifications, waivers and consents described in this clause (k) shall
not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Revolving Credit Lenders;

provided
further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each affected Issuing Bank in
addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such Issuing Bank under this Agreement or any Letter of Credit
Agreement relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing
and signed by the Swingline Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swingline Lender under
this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition
to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
(iv) any waiver, amendment or modification of this Agreement that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement
of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Class (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Class)
may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the requisite percentage in interest of the
affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereunder under this Section 13.2 if such Class of
Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time; (v) each Letter of Credit Agreement may be amended, or rights
or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; provided that a copy of such amended Letter
of Credit Agreement, cash collateral agreement or other document, as the case may be, shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative
Agent upon such amendment or waiver; (vi) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend any provision of
the Loan Documents (and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document)
if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error, ambiguity, defect or inconsistency
or omission of a technical or immaterial nature in any such provision, including technical, administrative or operational changes that
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide may be appropriate to reflect the implementation of the Term SOFR Rate or a Benchmark
Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice
(or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if
the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other
manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents); and (vii) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, without the consent of any Lender, enter
into amendments or modifications to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or to enter into additional Loan Documents as the
Administrative Agent reasonably deems appropriate in order to implement any Benchmark Replacement or otherwise effectuate the terms of
Section 5.8(c) in accordance with the terms of Section 5.8(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder.

146

Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent on its behalf, and without
further consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to (x) amend and restate this
Agreement if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended
and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder
and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for the its account under this Agreement,
and (y) enter into amendments or modifications to this Agreement (including, without limitation, amendments to this Section 13.2)
or any of the other Loan Documents or to enter into additional Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems appropriate
in order to effectuate the terms of Sections 5.13, 5.15 5.16 and 5.17 (including, without limitation, as applicable,
(1) to permit the Incremental Increases, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Loans, Refinancing Term Loans or Replacement
Revolving Credit Facilities, as applicable, to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (2) to
include an Incremental Increase, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Loans, Refinancing Term Loans or Replacement Revolving
Credit Facility, as applicable, in any determination of (i) Required Lenders or Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable,
(ii) similar required lender terms applicable thereto; provided that no amendment or modification shall result in any increase
in the amount of any Lenders Commitment or any increase in any Lenders Commitment Percentage, in each case, without
the written consent of such affected Lender, and (3) to make amendments to any outstanding Class of Term Loans to permit any
Incremental Term Loan Commitments and Incremental Term Loans to be fungible (including, without limitation, for purposes
of the Code) with such Class of Term Loans, including, without limitation, increases in the Applicable Margin or any fees payable
to such outstanding tranche of Term Loans or providing such outstanding Class of Term Loans with the benefit of any call protection
or covenants that are applicable to the proposed Incremental Term Loan Commitments or Incremental Term Loans; provided that any
such amendments or modifications to such outstanding Class of Term Loans shall not directly adversely affect the Lenders holding
such Class of Term Loans without their consent.

It shall be a condition precedent
to the Borrower entering into any amendment to, or other agreement or modification with has the effect of changing, any of Section 9.12,
Section 10.4(a), Section 11.7, the final paragraph of Section 13.1(a), this final paragraph of this
Section 13.2 or Section 13.26 of this Agreement or Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement, or any other
provision of this Agreement, the Collateral Agreement, or any other Loan Document which relates to such Sections, that the Borrower shall
have obtained the prior written approval of Fannie Mae, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby acknowledge
(without acceptance of any responsibility or liability in connection with such acknowledgement) such condition precedent to the Borrowers
right to amend.

147

SECTION 13.3Expenses;
Indemnity; Limitation of Liability.

(a)Costs
and Expenses. The Borrower and any other Credit Party, jointly and severally, shall pay (i) all reasonable out of pocket fees,
expenses and disbursements incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates (including the reasonable
fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and, if reasonably necessary, one
firm of counsel in any relevant jurisdiction and special counsel in each appropriate specialty for the Administrative Agent and the Arranger),
in connection with the syndication of the Credit Facility, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by
any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder
and all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (including the fees, charges
and disbursements of (x) any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender and (y) any counsel for the
Lenders or the Issuing Banks, which solely in the case of this clause (y) and absent an actual or perceived conflict of interest
shall be limited to one primary counsel to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks plus one local counsel to the Lenders or the Issuing
Banks in each relevant jurisdiction and one special counsel in each appropriate specialty and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict
of interest by any of the aforementioned counsel, one additional such counsel to each group of affected Lenders or Issuing Banks, similarly
situated), in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 13.3, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or
Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations
in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

(b)Indemnification
by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent or attorney-in-fact thereof), the Arranger,
each Lender and each Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee)
against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, and shall pay or reimburse any such Indemnitee for, any and all losses, claims (including,
without limitation, any Environmental Claims), penalties, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges
and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including
the Borrower or any other Credit Party), other than such Indemnitee and its Related Parties, arising out of, in connection with, or as
a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated
hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the Transactions), (ii) any Loan or Letter of
Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment
under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter
of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by
any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof, or any Environmental Claim related in any way to any Credit Party or any Subsidiary, (iv) any
actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort
or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof, and regardless of whether any
Indemnitee is a party thereto, or (v) any claim (including, without limitation, any Environmental Claims), investigation, litigation
or other proceeding (whether or not the Administrative Agent or any Lender is a party thereto) and the prosecution and defense thereof,
arising out of or in any way connected with the Loans, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any documents contemplated by or referred
to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys and consultants
fees, provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses (A) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to
have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (B) result from a claim brought by any Credit
Party or any Subsidiary thereof against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under
any other Loan Document, if such Credit Party or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such
claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. This Section 13.3(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes
other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

148

(c)Reimbursement
by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under clause (a) or
(b) of this Section 13.3 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent or attorney-in-fact thereof),
the Arranger, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay
to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Arranger, such Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as
the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity
payment is sought based on each Lenders share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time, or if the Total Credit Exposure have
been reduced to zero, then based on such Lenders share of the Total Credit Exposure immediately prior to such reduction) of such
unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender); provided that with respect to
such unpaid amounts owed to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender solely in its capacity as such, only the Revolving Credit Lenders
shall be required to pay such unpaid amounts, such payment to be made severally among them based on such Revolving Credit Lenders
Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought
or, if the Revolving Credit Commitment has been reduced to zero as of such time, determined immediately prior to such reduction); provided,
further, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was
incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Arranger, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender
in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent),
the Arranger, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause
(c) are subject to the provisions of Section 5.7.

(d)Limitation
on Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Borrower and each other Credit Party shall not assert, and hereby
waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent or attorney-in-fact thereof), the Arranger, each Lender, each Issuing
Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related
Party), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.
No Lender-Related Party referred to in clause (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended
recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission
systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(e)Payments.
All amounts due under this Section 13.3 shall be payable promptly after demand therefor.

(f)Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 13.3 shall survive the termination of the Loan Documents and payment of
the obligations hereunder.

149

SECTION 13.4Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and
each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any
time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any
such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Credit Party against any and all of the obligations of
the Borrower or such Credit Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, such Issuing
Bank or the Swingline Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, such Issuing Bank or
the Swingline Lender or any such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such
obligations of the Borrower or such Credit Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender, such
Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or such Affiliate different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated
on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all
amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions
of Section 11.4 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed
held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders, and (y) the
Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing
to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline
Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 13.4 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other
rights of setoff) that such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agree
to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure
to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

SECTION 13.5Governing
Law; Jurisdiction, Etc.

(a)Governing
Law. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort
or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document,
as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the law of the State of New York.

(b)Submission
to Jurisdiction. The Borrower and each other Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action,
litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the
Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State
of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate
court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and
agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court
or, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment
in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or
in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement
or any other Loan Document against the Borrower or any other Credit Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c)Waiver
of Venue. The Borrower and each other Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 13.5. Each
of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum
to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

150

(d)Service
of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 13.1.
Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by Applicable Law.

SECTION 13.6Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 13.6.

SECTION 13.7Reversal
of Payments. To the extent any Credit Party makes a payment or payments to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of any
of the Secured Parties or to any Secured Party directly or the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party exercises its right of set off
or the Administrative Agent receives any payment or proceeds of the Collateral which payments, set-off amounts or proceeds or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee,
receiver or any other party (including pursuant to any settlement) under any Debtor Relief Law, other Applicable Law or equitable cause,
then, to the extent of such payment or proceeds are repaid, the Secured Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be
revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or as
through such set-off had not been made, as applicable.

SECTION 13.8Injunctive
Relief. The Borrower recognizes that, in the event the Borrower fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or
liabilities under this Agreement, any remedy of law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Lenders. Therefore, the Borrower agrees
that the Lenders, at the Lenders option, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without
the necessity of proving actual damages.

SECTION 13.9Successors
and Assigns; Participations.

(a)Successors
and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit),
except that neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank and no Lender or Issuing Bank may assign
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph (b) of this Section 13.9, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of
this Section 13.9 or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (e) of
this Section 13.9 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be prohibited). Nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto (including any Affiliate
of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent
provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 13.9 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties
of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement.

151

(b)Assignments
by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time
owing to it); provided that, in each case with respect to any Credit Facility, any such assignment shall be subject to the following
conditions:

(i)Minimum
Amounts.

(A)in
the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and/or the Loans at the time owing
to it (in each case, with respect to any Credit Facility) or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds that equal at least
the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section 13.9 in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to
a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B)in
any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this Section 13.9, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which
for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding
balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if a Trade Date is specified in the Assignment
and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 (the Minimum Revolver Transfer Amount),
in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, or $1,000,000 (the Minimum Term Loan Transfer Amount
and, together with the Minimum Revolver Transfer Amount, each, a Minimum Transfer Amount), in the case of any assignment
in respect of the Term Loan Facility, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that the
Borrower shall be deemed to have given its consent five (5) Business Days after the date written notice thereof has been delivered
by the assigning Lender (through the Administrative Agent) unless such consent is expressly refused by the Borrower prior to such fifth
(5th) Business Day; provided, further, that any such assignment shall be aggregated amongst Affiliates and Approved Funds
for the purpose of determining if the Minimum Transfer Amount is met.

(ii)Proportionate
Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall
not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Classes on a non-pro rata
basis.

(iii)Required
Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this
Section 13.9 and, in addition:

(A)the
consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or
an Approved Fund; provided, that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object
thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof;

152

(B)the
consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect
of (i) the Revolving Credit Facility if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment,
an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender or (ii) the Term Loans to a Person who is not a Lender,
an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and

(C)the
consents of the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for
any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility.

(iv)Assignment
and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption,
together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 for each assignment; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its
sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender,
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

(v)No
Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
(other than pursuant to Section 13.9(g)) or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who,
upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B).

(vi)No
Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or
trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person).

(vii)Certain
Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment
shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall
make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate
(which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or sub-participations, or other compensating actions, including
funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested,
but not funded by, the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay
and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline
Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro
rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Revolving Credit Commitment
Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder
shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph (vii), then the assignee of such
interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

153

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 13.9, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the
assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations
under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections
5.8, 5.9, 5.10, 5.11 and 13.3 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective
date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment
by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having
been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with
this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations
in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section 13.9 (other than a purported assignment to a natural Person or
the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries or Affiliates (except as permitted pursuant to Section 13.9(g)),
which shall be null and void).

(c)Register.
The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices
in New York, New York, a copy of each Assignment and Assumption and each Lender Joinder Agreement delivered to it and a register for
the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of (and related interest on)
the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks
and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for
all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower,
any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d)Participations.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline
Lender, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned
and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person) or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries or Affiliates)
(each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations
under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall
continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 13.3(c) with respect to
any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).

Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement
and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument
may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver or modification
described in Section 13.2(a), (b), (c) or (d) that directly and adversely affects such Participant.
The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.9, 5.10 and 5.11 (subject
to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 5.11(g) (it being understood that
the documentation required under Section 5.11(g) shall be delivered solely to the participating Lender)) to the same
extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 13.9;
provided that such Participant (A) shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5.12 as if it were an assignee
under paragraph (b) of this Section 13.9; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections
5.10 or 5.11, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except
to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the
applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable
efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 5.12(b) with respect to any Participant.
To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 13.4 as though it were
a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 5.6 as though it were a Lender.

154

Each Lender that sells a
participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of (and related interest on) each Participants interest in
the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any
information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any
Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of
credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries
in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining
a Participant Register.

(e)Certain
Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve
Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute
any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(f)Cashless
Settlement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all
or a portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms
of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lender.

(g)Borrower
Buybacks. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its
Term Loans on a non-pro rata basis to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (x) in accordance with the procedures set forth
on Exhibit F, pursuant to an offer made available to all Lenders of the applicable Class of Term Loans on a pro rata
basis (a Dutch Auction) or (y) open market purchases, in each case, subject to the following limitations:

(i)the
Borrower shall represent and warrant, as of the date of the launch of the Dutch Auction and on the date of any such assignment, that
neither it, its Affiliates nor any of its respective directors or executive officers has any Excluded Information that has not been disclosed
to the Lenders generally (other than to the extent any such Lender does not wish to receive material non-public information with respect
to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities) prior to such date;

(ii)immediately
and automatically, without any further action on the part of the Borrower, any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any other Person,
upon the effectiveness of such assignment of Term Loans from a Lender to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, such Term Loans and
all rights and obligations as a Lender related thereto shall, for all purposes under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and otherwise,
be deemed to be irrevocably prepaid, terminated, extinguished, cancelled and of no further force and effect and the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries shall neither obtain nor have any rights as a Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by virtue of such assignment;

155

(iii)no
Lender shall be required to assign its Term Loans to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and

(iv)no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing before or immediately after giving effect to such assignment.

SECTION 13.10Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree to maintain the
confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its
Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of
such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by, or required
to be disclosed to, any regulatory or similar authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including
any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable
Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the
exercise of any remedies under this Agreement, under any other Loan Document or under any Secured Hedge Agreement or Secured Cash Management
Agreement, or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Secured Hedge Agreement or Secured
Cash Management Agreement, or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions
substantially the same as those of this Section 13.10, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective party (or
its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and
its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (iii) an investor or prospective investor in an Approved Fund that also agrees
that Information shall be used solely for the purpose of evaluating an investment in such Approved Fund, (iv) a trustee, collateral
manager, servicer, backup servicer, noteholder or secured party in an Approved Fund in connection with the administration, servicing
and reporting on the assets serving as collateral for an Approved Fund, or (v) a nationally recognized rating agency that requires
access to information regarding the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the Loans and the Loan Documents in connection with ratings issued
with respect to an Approved Fund, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower
or its Subsidiaries or the Credit Facility or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance
and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Credit Facility, (h) with the consent of the Borrower, (i) deal terms and
other information customarily reported to Thomson Reuters, other bank market data collectors and similar service providers to the lending
industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of the Loan Documents,
(j) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 13.10
or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates from
a third party that is not, to such Persons knowledge, subject to confidentiality obligations to the Borrower, (k) to governmental
regulatory authorities in connection with any regulatory examination of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank or in
accordance with the Administrative Agents, any Lenders or any Issuing Banks regulatory compliance policy if the
Administrative Agent or such Lender deems necessary for the mitigation of claims by those authorities against the Administrative Agent,
such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, (l) to the extent that such information is independently
developed by such Person, or (m) for purposes of establishing a due diligence defense. For purposes of this Section 13.10,
Information means all information received from any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof relating to any Credit
Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative
Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof; provided
that, in the case of information received from a Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof after the date hereof, such information is
clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided
in this Section 13.10 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the
same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

156

For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this Section 13.10 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the
scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory
Authority) to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 13.10 shall be prohibited
by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority.

SECTION 13.11Performance
of Duties. Each of the Credit Partys obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents shall be performed
by such Credit Party at its sole cost and expense.

SECTION 13.12All
Powers Coupled with Interest. All powers of attorney and other authorizations granted to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and
any Persons designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to any provisions of this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents shall be deemed coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable so long as any of the Obligations remain unpaid or unsatisfied,
any of the Commitments remain in effect or the Credit Facility has not been terminated.

SECTION 13.13Survival.

(a)All
representations and warranties set forth in Articles VII and X and all representations and warranties contained in any
certificate, or any of the Loan Documents (including, but not limited to, any such representation or warranty made in or in connection
with any amendment thereto) shall constitute representations and warranties made under this Agreement. All representations and warranties
made under this Agreement shall be made or deemed to be made at and as of the Closing Date (except those that are expressly made as of
a specific date), shall survive the Closing Date and shall not be waived by the execution and delivery of this Agreement, any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Lenders or any borrowing hereunder.

(b)Notwithstanding
any termination of this Agreement, the indemnities to which the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are entitled under the provisions
of this Article XIII and any other provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall continue in full force
and effect and shall protect the Administrative Agent and the Lenders against events arising after such termination as well as before.

SECTION 13.14Titles
and Captions. Titles and captions of Articles, Sections and subsections in, and the table of contents of, this Agreement are for
convenience only, and neither limit nor amplify the provisions of this Agreement.

SECTION 13.15Severability
of Provisions. Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remainder
of such provision or the remaining provisions hereof or thereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any
other jurisdiction. In the event that any provision is held to be so prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such provision to preserve the original
intent thereof in such jurisdiction (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders).

157

SECTION 13.16Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.

(a)Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank,
any Lender and/or the Arranger and the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank, constitute the entire contract
among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 6.1, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall
have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken
together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement
by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement.

(b)Electronic
Execution. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document
and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered
pursuant to Section 13.1), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other
Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an
Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or
such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery,
and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include
Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed .pdf or
any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system,
as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any
form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without
limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative
Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower
or any other Credit Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such
Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly
followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each other Credit Party
hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement
of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the other Credit Parties,
Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have
the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may,
at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged
electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the
original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal
effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity
or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original
copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature
pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Party for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative
Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or
any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result
of the failure of the Borrower and/or any other Credit Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution,
delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

158

SECTION 13.17Term
of Agreement. This Agreement shall remain in effect from the Closing Date through and including the date upon which all Obligations
(other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due) arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall have been indefeasibly
and irrevocably paid and satisfied in full, all Letters of Credit have been terminated or expired (or been cash collateralized) or otherwise
satisfied in a manner acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Commitments have been terminated. No termination of this Agreement
shall affect the rights and obligations of the parties hereto arising prior to such termination or in respect of any provision of this
Agreement which survives such termination.

SECTION 13.18USA
PATRIOT Act; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the
requirements of the PATRIOT Act or any other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, each of them is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name and address of each Credit Party and other information that will
allow such Lender to identify each Credit Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act or such Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

SECTION 13.19Independent
Effect of Covenants. The Borrower expressly acknowledges and agrees that each covenant contained in Article VIII, IX
or X hereof shall be given independent effect. Accordingly, the Borrower shall not engage in any transaction or other act
otherwise permitted under any covenant contained in Article VIII, IX or X, before or after giving effect
to such transaction or act, the Borrower shall or would be in breach of any other covenant contained in Article VIII, IX
or X.

SECTION 13.20Inconsistencies
with Other Documents. In the event there is a conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms
of this Agreement shall control; provided that any provision of the Security Documents which imposes additional burdens on the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or further restricts the rights of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or gives the Administrative
Agent, Lenders or Issuing Banks additional rights shall not be deemed to be in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement and shall
be given full force and effect.

159

SECTION 13.21No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.

(a)In
connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Affiliates understanding, that (i) the facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection
therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arms-length
commercial transaction between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks, on the other hand, and the Borrower is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the
terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver
or other modification hereof or thereof), (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Administrative
Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor,
agent or fiduciary, for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person, (iii) none
of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders or the Issuing Banks has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary
responsibility in favor of the Borrower with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including
with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether the Arranger,
any Lender or any Issuing Bank has advised or is currently advising the Borrower or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none
of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders or the Issuing Banks has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates
with respect to the financing transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, (iv) the Arranger, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range
of transactions that involve interests that differ from, and may conflict with, those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of
the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders or the Issuing Banks has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue
of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks
have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Credit Parties have consulted
their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate.

(b)Each
Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that each Lender, each Issuing Bank, the Arranger and any Affiliate thereof may lend money to, invest
in, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any of the Borrower, any Affiliate thereof or any other person or entity that
may do business with or own securities of any of the foregoing, all as if such Lender, such Issuing Bank, the Arranger or such Affiliate
thereof were not a Lender, Issuing Bank or Arranger or an Affiliate thereof (or an agent or any other person with any similar role
under the Credit Facility) and without any duty to account therefor to any other Lender, any other Issuing Bank the Arranger, the Borrower
or any Affiliate of the foregoing. Each Lender, each Issuing Bank, the Arranger and any Affiliate thereof may accept fees and other consideration
from the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof for services in connection with this Agreement, the Credit Facility or otherwise without having
to account for the same to any other Lender, any other Issuing Bank, the Arranger, the Borrower or any Affiliate of the foregoing.

SECTION 13.22Amendment
and Restatement; No Novation. This Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement, effective
from and after the Closing Date. The execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not constitute a novation of any indebtedness or
other obligations owing to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Original Credit Agreement based on facts or events occurring
or existing prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement. On the Closing Date, the credit facilities described in the Original
Credit Agreement, shall be amended, supplemented, modified and restated in their entirety by the facilities described herein, and all
loans and other obligations of the Borrower outstanding as of such date under the Original Credit Agreement, shall be deemed to be loans
and obligations outstanding under the corresponding facilities described herein, without any further action by any Person.

Each Credit Party (i) reaffirms
its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is party, (ii) ratifies and reaffirms its prior grant and the validity of the
Liens and security interests granted by it pursuant to the Security Documents and confirms that all Liens and security interests granted
by it pursuant to any Security Document shall continue in full force and effect to secure the Secured Obligations under the Loan Documents
after giving effect to the amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement and, as applicable, the amendment and restatement
or other modification of the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Revolving Credit Loans and Letters of Credit and
(iii) in the case of each Subsidiary Guarantor, ratifies and reaffirms its guaranty of the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Collateral
Agreement, as amended and restated in connection herewith. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Security Documents and
all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue to secure the payment of all Secured Obligations of the Credit Parties
under the Loan Documents, as amended and restated or otherwise modified hereby or in connection herewith.

160

SECTION 13.23Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii)the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

SECTION 13.24Certain
ERISA Matters.

(a)Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or
any other Credit Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection
with the Term Loans, or the Term Loan Commitments;

(ii)the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement;

161

(iii)(A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements
of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or

(iv)such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b)In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such
Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of,
the Administrative Agent, and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit
of the Borrower or any other Credit Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates
is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise
of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

(c)The
Administrative Agent and the Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice
or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial
interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments
with respect to the Loans, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended
the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender
or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise,
including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees,
administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away
or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other
early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.

SECTION 13.25Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Obligations
or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported
QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the FDIC under the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated
thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the
provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the
laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

162

In the event a Covered Entity
that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such
Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the
United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported
QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than
such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that
rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with
respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

SECTION 13.26Limitation
of Fannie Maes Agency Consent. The parties hereto acknowledge that Fannie Maes Agency Consent is not and shall not
extend to, be deemed to be or be construed as, Fannie Maes consent, approval, or acknowledgment to any amendment, waiver, modification
or other alteration to any of Section 9.12, Section 10.4(a), Section 11.7, the final paragraph of
Section 13.1(a), the final paragraph of Section 13.2 or this Section 13.26 of this Agreement, or
Section 8.01 of the Collateral Agreement, or any other provision of this Agreement, the Collateral Agreement, or any other Loan
Document which references or relates to such Sections, or relates to or refers to Fannie Mae, the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Fannie Mae
Program, or any right, obligation or other interest of Credit Party under any Fannie Mae Agreements, which amendments or modifications
shall be subject to the restrictions contained herein (including without limitation set forth in the final paragraph of Section 13.2)
and the terms of the Fannie Mae Agreements.

SECTION 13.27Pari
Passu Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, to the extent the Administrative Agent
enters into a Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement will be subject to the terms and
provisions of such Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and
any such Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, the provisions of the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. The Lenders
acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent is authorized to, and the Administrative Agent agrees that with respect to any applicable
Incremental Equivalent Debt permitted to be incurred and secured under this Agreement and contemplated to be subject to a Pari Passu
Intercreditor Agreement under this Agreement, upon request by the Borrower, it shall, enter into a Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement
in accordance with the terms hereof. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to (a) enter into any such Pari Passu
Intercreditor Agreement, (b) bind the Lenders on the terms set forth in such Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement and (c) perform
and observe its obligations under such Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement.

[Signature pages follow]

163

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed under seal by their duly authorized officers, all as of the day and year first written
above.

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC., as Borrower

By: /s/
Gregory A. Florkowski 

Name: Gregory
A. Florkowski

Title: Executive
Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Signature Page

AGENTS AND LENDERS:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: /s/
Neil Laird Troeger

Name: Neil
Laird Troeger

Title: Authorized
Signatory

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Signature Page

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender, Term Loan Lender, Issuing
Bank and Swingline Lender

By: /s/
Neil Laird Troeger

Name: Neil
Laird Troeger

Title: Authorized
Signatory

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Signature Page

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: /s/
David H. Craig

Name: David H. Craig

Title: Senior
Vice President

Walker & Dunlop, Inc.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Signature Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution
Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED
GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT

dated as of

March 14,
2025

among

WALKER &
DUNLOP, INC.,

as Borrower,

Certain Subsidiaries
of WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.,

each as a Subsidiary
Guarantor,

and

JPMORGAN CHASE
BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Credit Agreement 1

Section 1.02 Other Defined Terms 2

Section 1.03 Effect of this Agreement 9

ARTICLE 2.

GUARANTEE

Section 2.01 Guarantee 10

Section 2.02 Amendments, etc. with
respect to the Guaranteed Obligations 11

Section 2.03 Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional 12

Section 2.04 Reinstatement 13

Section 2.05 Payments 14

Section 2.06 Information 14

Section 2.07 Specified Guarantors 14

Section 2.08 Keepwell 14

ARTICLE 3.

PLEDGE
OF SECURITIES

Section 3.01 Pledge 14

Section 3.02 Delivery of the Pledged Securities 15

Section 3.03 Representations, Warranties
and Covenants 16

Section 3.04 Registration in Nominee Name;
Denominations 18

Section 3.05 Voting Rights; Dividends and
Interest 18

Section 3.06 Uniform Commercial Code Financing
Statements, etc. 20

Section 3.07 Specified Ownership Interest
Pledge 20

Section 3.08 Partnership/LLC Interests 20

ARTICLE 4.

SECURITY
INTERESTS IN PERSONAL PROPERTY

Section 4.01 Security Interest 21

Section 4.02 Representations and Warranties 24

Section 4.03 Covenants 27

Section 4.04 Other Actions 30

Section 4.05 Covenants Regarding Patent,
Trademark and Copyright Collateral 31

Section 4.06 Covenants Related to Agency
Collateral and MSR Assets 32

Section 4.07 Deposit Accounts and Securities
Accounts 33

ARTICLE 5.

REMEDIES

Section 5.01 Remedies upon Default 34

-i-

Page

Section 5.02 Application of Proceeds 36

Section 5.03 Grant of License To Use Intellectual
Property 36

Section 5.04 Securities Act 37

Section 5.05 Agency Collateral 37

ARTICLE 6.

INDEMNITY,
SUBROGATION AND SUBORDINATION

Section 6.01 Indemnity and Subrogation 37

Section 6.02 Contribution and Subrogation 38

Section 6.03 Subordination 38

ARTICLE 7.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01 Notices 38

Section 7.02 Waivers; Amendment 39

Section 7.03 Indemnification 39

Section 7.04 Successors and Assigns 39

Section 7.05 Survival of Agreement 40

Section 7.06 Counterparts; Effectiveness;
Several Agreement; Other 40

Section 7.07 Severability 40

Section 7.08 Right of Set-Off 40

Section 7.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction;
Venue; Service of Process 41

Section 7.10 Waiver of Jury Trial 41

Section 7.11 Injunctive Relief 42

Section 7.12 Headings 42

Section 7.13 Security Interest Absolute 42

Section 7.14 Termination or Release 42

Section 7.15 Additional Subsidiaries 43

Section 7.16 Administrative Agent Appointed
Attorney-in-Fact 44

Section 7.17 Further Assurances 44

Section 7.18 Administrative Agent 44

Section 7.19 Advice of Counsel, No Strict
Construction 44

Section 7.20 Acknowledgements 44

Section 7.21 Amendment and Restatement;
No Novation 45

Section 7.22 Secured Parties 45

ARTICLE 8.

SPECIAL
PROVISIONS RESPECTING AGENCY COLLATERAL

Section 8.01 Special Fannie Mae Provisions 45

Section 8.02 Special Freddie Mac Provisions 53

Section 8.03 Special Ginnie Mae Provisions 61

-ii-

Exhibits

Form of:

Exhibit I Supplement

Exhibit II Grant of Security Interest in United States Trademarks

Exhibit III Grant of Security Interest in United State Patents

Exhibit IV Grant of Security Interest in United States Copyrights

Exhibit V Fannie Mae Agency Consent

Exhibit VI Freddie Mac Agency Consent

Exhibit VII Applicable Investor Agency Consent

Schedules 

Schedule I Subsidiary Guarantors

Schedule II Pledged Securities

Schedule III Intellectual Property

Schedule IV Commercial Tort Claims

Schedule V Deposit Accounts

Schedule V.2 Excluded Accounts

Schedule VI Securities Accounts

-iii-

This AMENDED AND
RESTATED GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time, this Agreement), dated as of March 14, 2025, among Walker & Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland
corporation (the Borrower), certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party hereto (each, a Subsidiary
Guarantor and, collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors and, together with the Borrower, the Credit
Parties and sometimes, each such party, individually, a Credit Party) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
on behalf of itself and the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent (as defined and otherwise described in the Credit Agreement and
so referred to herein).

The Borrower, the
Guarantors (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined)) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined
in the Original Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent,
and the other agents, arrangers and financial institutions party thereto are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16,
2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified as of the date hereof, the Original Credit
Agreement).

In connection with
the Original Credit Agreement, the Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries entered into that certain Guarantee and Collateral Agreement,
dated as of December 16, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified as of the date hereof,
the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), in favor of the Administrative Agent.

Reference is made
to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, amended and restated, waived, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto
and the lenders who may become party thereto pursuant to the terms thereof (each, a Lender and, collectively, the
Lenders) and the Administrative Agent, which amends and restates in its entirety the Original Credit Agreement.
The Lenders have agreed to extend credit to the Borrower subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. The obligations
of the Lenders to extend such credit and for the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit are conditioned upon, among other things, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement. The Cash Management Banks agreement to enter into and/or maintain one or more Secured
Cash Management Agreements and the Hedge Banks agreement to enter into and/or maintain one or more Secured Hedge Agreements are
conditioned upon, among other things, the execution and delivery of this Agreement. The Subsidiary Guarantors are affiliates of the Borrower,
will derive substantial benefits from the extension of credit to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement and are willing to execute
and deliver this Agreement, which amends and restates in its entirety the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, in order to induce
the Lenders and the other Secured Parties to extend such credit. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01Credit
Agreement.

(a) Capitalized
terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Credit Agreement. All terms
defined in the UCC and not defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified therein.

(b) The
rules of construction specified in the Credit Agreement also apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis.

-1-

Section 1.02Other
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

Account
Debtor means any Person who is or who may become obligated to any Credit Party under, with respect to, or on account of, any
account receivable.

Administrative
Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph herein.

Agency
Consent means, (i) with respect to the Fannie Mae Agreements, an acknowledgment agreement acknowledging and consenting
to the Loans and Commitments in substantially the form of Exhibit V hereto, (ii) with respect to the Freddie Mac Agreements,
an acknowledgment agreement acknowledging and consenting to the Loans and Commitments substantially the form of Exhibit VI.1
hereto and related certificate of amendment in substantially the form of Exhibit VI.2 hereto and (iii) with respect
to any applicable Investor Agreements that are Material Contracts, to the extent required, an acknowledgment agreement acknowledging
and consenting to the Loans and Commitments in substantially the form of Exhibit VII.

Agency
Loans means the Fannie Mae Loans, the Freddie Mac Loans, the FHA/HUD Loans and the Ginnie Mae Loans, as applicable.

Agency
Mortgage Loan Transactions means (a) the purchase or funding of Mortgage Loans (or
participations therein) by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital, respectively, that are subject to unconditional purchase commitments
from an Agency, or, to the extent an Agency has committed to insure or guaranty such Mortgage Loans, other Investors, in its sole discretion,
and (b) the related rights of WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital to originate, purchase, hold, sell and service such Mortgage
Loans.

Agency
Requirements means any and all requirements of any Agency that are applicable to any Agency Loan (and/or the origination,
sale, commitment to insure or guarantee, and/or servicing thereof), including the requirements set forth in the Agency Agreements, as
such requirements may have been waived and/or modified with the written or electronic approval of the applicable Agency.

Ancillary
Income means all amounts payable to a Credit Party pursuant to a Collateral Transaction Document, other than the Servicing
Fees, and specifically including, without limitation, beneficiary statement charges, late charge fees, default interest, assignment fees,
assumption fees, modification fees, release fees, insufficient funds check charges, amortization schedule fees, interest and earnings
on permitted investments from escrow and custodial accounts and all other incidental fees and charges related to such accounts, amendment
fees, consent fees, extension fees, loan service transaction fees, demand fees, subordinate financing fees, transfer fees, servicing
maintenance prepayment fees, additional servicing fees and similar items.

Article 8
Matter has the meaning specified in Section 3.05.

Article 9
Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a).

ASAP Plus
Agreement means, singly and collectively: (i) with respect to CWC, (1) that certain Multifamily As Soon As Pooled
Plus Agreement dated as of May 16, 2008 between CWC, as lender, and Fannie Mae to allow CWC to deliver to Fannie Mae certain closed
and funded multifamily mortgage loans (either to be securitized or sold to Fannie Mae as whole loans) from time to time under the Fannie
Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing Program, and (2) that certain Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Agreement dated as of May 1,
2009 between CWC, as lender, and Fannie Mae to allow CWC to deliver to Fannie Mae certain closed and funded multifamily mortgage loans
and to assign a designated forward trade for the delivery of mortgage-backed securities to Fannie Mae or a third party and (ii) with
respect to WDLLC, (1) ASAP Plus with WDLLC dated February 3, 2009, (2) ASAP Sale with WDLLC dated February 3, 2009,
(3) ASAP Plus Amendment with WDLLC dated June 29, 2011, and (4) Second Amendment to ASAP Plus Agreement with WDLLC dated
December 27, 2011.

-2-

Collateral
means Article 9 Collateral and Pledged Securities.

Collateral
Transaction Document means any pooling and servicing agreement, securitization servicing agreement, sale and servicing agreement,
servicing agreement, transfer and servicing agreement, seller/servicer or securities issuer guide or handbook, sub-servicing agreement,
trust agreement, indenture, collateral management agreement, collateral administration agreement, disposition consultation agreement
and other agreement (in each case, howsoever denominated) pursuant to which any Credit Party is the servicer, master servicer, primary
servicer or special servicer (or similar role, however denominated) of Mortgage Loans for and on behalf of an MBS Trust, Agency, or other
Investor or a collateral manager, collateral administrator or disposition consultant (or similar role, however denominated), each as
may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Contract
Rights means all rights of any Credit Party under each Contract, including, without limitation, (a) any and all rights
to receive and demand payments under any or all Contracts, (b) any and all rights to receive and compel performance under any or
all Contracts and (c) any and all other rights, interests and claims now existing or in the future arising in connection with any
or all Contracts.

Contracts
means, with respect to any Credit Party, all contracts, agreements, instruments and indentures in any form and portions thereof, to which
such Credit Party is a party or under which such Credit Party or any property of such Credit Party is subject, as the same may from time
to time be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, including, without limitation, (a) all rights of such Credit Party
to receive moneys due and to become due to it thereunder or in connection therewith, (b) all rights of such Credit Party to damages
arising thereunder, and (c) all rights of such Credit Party to perform and to exercise all remedies thereunder.

Control
means (a) in the case of each Deposit Account, control, as such term is defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC and
(b) in the case of any Securities Account, control, as such term is defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC.

Control
Agreements means, collectively, the Deposit Account Control Agreements and the Securities Account Control Agreements.

Copyright
License means any agreement now or hereafter in existence naming any Credit Party as licensor or licensee, including, without
limitation, those listed on Schedule III, granting any right under any Copyright, including, without limitation, the grant of
rights to manufacture, distribute, exploit and sell materials derived from any Copyright.

Copyrights
means, collectively, all of the following of any Credit Party: (a) all copyrights, works protectable by copyright, copyright registrations
and copyright applications anywhere in the world, including, without limitation, those listed on Schedule III hereto, (b) all
reissues, extensions, continuations (in whole or in part) and renewals of any of the foregoing, (c) all income, royalties, damages
and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under any of the foregoing or with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without
limitation, damages or payments for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing, (d) the right to sue for past,
present and future infringements of any of the foregoing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing throughout the
world.

-3-

Credit
Agreement has the meaning specified in the preliminary statement of this Agreement.

Credit
Agreement Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b)(i) and Section 8.02(b)(i), respectively
and as applicable.

Credit
Party has the meaning specified in the preliminary statement of this Agreement.

Delivery
Date means, as of any date of determination, the immediately succeeding date on which financial statements are delivered pursuant
to Article VIII of the Credit Agreement.

Deposit
Account Control Agreement means an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower establishing the Administrative Agents Control with respect to any Deposit Account required to be subject to a Control
Agreement by this Agreement.

Deposit
Accounts means, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, (a) all deposit accounts as such term
is defined in the UCC and in any event shall include the accounts listed on Schedule V hereof and all accounts and sub-accounts
relating to any of the foregoing accounts and (b) all cash, funds, checks, notes and instruments from time to time on deposit in
any of the accounts or sub-accounts described in clause (a) of this definition.

Effective
Endorsement and Assignment means, with respect to any specific type of Collateral, all such endorsements, assignments and
other instruments of transfer reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to the security interest granted in such
Collateral, and in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Enforcement
Actions Respecting Fannie Mae Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(iii).

Enforcement
Actions Respecting Freddie Mac Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a)(iii).

Excluded
Accounts has the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). As of the Closing Date, Schedule V.2 attached hereto
identifies each of the Excluded Accounts.

Excluded
Assets has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a), and includes, without limitation, the Excluded Property.

Excluded
Freddie Mac-Related Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a)(i).

Excluded
Property means (a) the Excluded Accounts other than any accounts specified in clause (A) of the definition thereof,
(b) Permitted Funding Collateral, (c) all amounts in respect of Agency loss and risk sharing reserves (whether subject to Liens
or use restrictions), and (d) all assets excluded from the Lien granted to the Administrative Agent hereunder pursuant to Article 8.

Fannie
Mae Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(i).

Fannie
Mae Designated Loans has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(i).

Fannie
Mae Disposition Period has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(viii).

-4-

Fannie
Mae Guide means the Fannie Mae Multifamily Selling and Servicing Guide, the Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing
Guide, the Fannie Mae Negotiated Transactions Guide, and the Fannie Mae Multifamily Program Rules, including any exhibits, appendices
or other referenced forms, as any of the foregoing are amended, modified, supplemented, restated or superseded from time to time, as
the context and Fannie Mae Agreements require.

Fannie
Mae Loans means each of the Mortgage Loans serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital on behalf of Fannie Mae.

Fannie
Mae Notice of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b)(i).

Fannie
Mae Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(vi).

Fannie
Mae Security Interest has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(i).

Federal
Securities Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.04.

FHA/HUD
Guide means each guide used by FHA and HUD, respectively, applicable to the FHA/HUD Loans, as may be amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time.

FHA/HUD
Loan means a Mortgage Loan that is insured or co-insured and/or otherwise guaranteed by FHA and/or HUD.

Freddie
Mac CME Securitization means the pooling of Mortgage Loans held by Freddie Mac into a real estate mortgage investment conduit
pursuant to which WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital, respectively, retains servicing responsibilities.

Freddie
Mac Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a)(i).

Freddie
Mac Designated Loans has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a)(i).

Freddie
Mac Guide means the Freddie Mac Multifamily Seller/Servicer Guide (including, as applicable, the Freddie Mac Delegated Underwriting
for Targeted Affordable Housing Guide), as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. All references
to Guide (including the Freddie Mac Guide herein) or in any of the other Loan Documents shall be to the Guide as in effect
at any and all times relevant hereto. All references herein or in any of the other Loan Documents to particular chapters or sections
of the Guide shall be to the chapters or sections of the Guide, as in effect at such times, that correspond to the referenced chapters
or sections of the Guide in effect on the date hereof.

Freddie
Mac Loans means each of the Mortgage Loans serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital for or on behalf of Freddie
Mac or a Freddie Mac CME Securitization.

Freddie
Mac Notice of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b)(i).

Freddie
Mac Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b)(iv).

Freddie
Mac Security Interest has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a)(i).

Ginnie
Mae Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(a).

Ginnie
Mae Designated Loans has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(a).

-5-

Ginnie
Mae Guide means Ginnie Mae Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.

Ginnie
Mae Loans means each of the Mortgage Loans serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital under the Ginnie Mae Agreements.

Ginnie
Mae Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(e).

Ginnie
Mae Security Interest has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(a).

Guaranteed
Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).

Guide
means, singly and collectively, as may be applicable from time to time, each Fannie Mae Guide, each Freddie Mac Guide, each Ginnie Mae
Guide, each FHA/HUD Guide, and, as may be applicable, any guide pertaining to any Investor Agreements.

Income
means, (a) with respect to the Agency Collateral and MSR Assets, all Servicing Fees, Ancillary Income and any excess servicing rights
or retained yield and any and all other income that may be related to servicing activities that is payable to a Credit Party under the
applicable Collateral Transaction Documents; and (b) with respect to any MBS Trust, as may be applicable, any and all payments,
distributions and other income payable to any Credit Party in its capacity as the holder of any class of securities in such MBS Trust,
as the case may be.

Intellectual
Property means all of the Credit Parties rights and interests in intellectual and similar property of any such Credit
Party of every kind and nature now owned or hereafter acquired by any such Credit Party, including inventions, designs, Patents, Copyrights,
Licenses, Trademarks, trade secrets, confidential or proprietary technical and business information, know-how or other data or information,
software and databases and all embodiments or fixations thereof and related documentation, provided that software shall not include
off-the-shelf, shrink wrap, click-through, click-wrap, or other commercially
available software, registrations and franchises, and all additions, improvements and accessions to, and books and records describing
or used in connection with, any of the foregoing.

Investor
means, with respect to each Collateral Transaction Document, the MBS Trust, Agency or other investor for which the applicable Credit
Party provides services thereunder.

Investor
Loans means each of the Mortgage Loans serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital on behalf of an Investor.

JPMorgan
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

License
means any Patent License, Trademark License, Copyright License or other license or sublicense agreement to which any Credit Party is
a party, including those listed on Schedule III.

MBS Trust
means any of the trusts or trust estates in which any Mortgage Loan, being serviced or specially serviced by a Credit Party pursuant
to the terms and provisions of the applicable Collateral Transaction Documents, are held by the related trustee.

Mortgage
Loans means any and all Mortgage Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or real property acquired by the related MBS Trust
that is serviced or specially-serviced by WDLLC or, as may be applicable, WD Capital pursuant to a Collateral Transaction Document or
otherwise on account of any other Agency Mortgage Loan Transaction.

-6-

MSR Assets
means all rights, title and interests of the applicable Credit Party in its capacity as servicer, primary servicer, master servicer or
special servicer (or similar capacity, howsoever denominated), as applicable, in, to and under the related Collateral Transaction Document
and/or Servicing Contracts, whether now or hereafter existing, acquired or created, whether or not yet accrued, earned, due or payable,
as well as all other present and future right and interest under such Collateral Transaction Document and/or Servicing Contracts, including,
without limitation: (a) the rights to service or special service, as applicable, the related Mortgage Loans; (b) the right
to receive compensation (whether direct or indirect) for such servicing or special servicing, as applicable, including the right to receive
and retain the Servicing Fee and all other Income, as applicable; (c) the right to hold and administer related custodial accounts,
escrow accounts, reserve accounts and any other accounts and the right to hold, administer and, if applicable, receive earnings on the
funds and investments related to any such accounts and the related servicing file arising from or connected to the servicing or special
servicing of the related Mortgage Loans under such Collateral Transaction Document and/or Servicing Contract; (d) all rights, powers
and privileges incidental to the foregoing, together with all tiles, material documents, instruments, surveys (if available), certificates,
correspondence, appraisals, computer records, computer storage media, accounting records and other books and records relating thereto;
and (e) the nonexclusive right to use (in common with such Credit Party) such Credit Partys operating systems to manage and
administer the Mortgage Loans and any of the data and information related thereto, or that otherwise relates to the Mortgage Loans, together
with the media on which the same are stored to the extent stored with material information or data that relates to property other than
the Mortgage Loans, and such Credit Partys rights to access the same, whether exclusive or nonexclusive, to the extent that such
access rights may lawfully be transferred or used by such Credit Partys assignees or designees, and any computer programs that
are owned by such Credit Party (or licensed to such Credit Party under licenses that may lawfully be transferred or used by such Credit
Partys assignees or designees) and that are used or useful to access, organize, input, read, print or otherwise output and otherwise
handle or use such information and data.

Negative
Pledge means an agreement by a Person with any other Person not to create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist any Lien upon
any of its property, assets or revenues, however characterized for UCC or other purposes.

Partnership/LLC
Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 3.08.

Patent
License means any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting to any third party any right to make, use or sell
any invention on which a patent, now or hereafter owned by any Credit Party or that any such Credit Party otherwise has the right to
license, is in existence, or granting to any such Credit Party any right to make, use or sell any invention on which a patent, now or
hereafter owned by any third party, is in existence, and all rights of any such Credit Party under any such agreement.

Patents
means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party: (a) all letters patent of the United States or the
equivalent thereof in any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United
States or the equivalent thereof in any other country, including registrations, recordings and pending applications in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office or any similar offices in any other country, including those listed on Schedule III; and (b) all
reissues, continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, renewals or extensions thereof, and the inventions disclosed or claimed therein,
including the right to make, use and/or sell the inventions disclosed or claimed therein.

-7-

Perfection
Certificate means the Perfection Certificate provided by each Credit Party to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date
and each additional Perfection Certificate, as and to the extent required hereunder.

Pledged
Debt has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

Pledged
Equity Interests has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

Pledged
Securities has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

Qualified
ECP Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 2.08.

Representative
has the meaning specified in Section 5.02(d).

Retention
of Fannie Mae Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(vi).

Retention
of Freddie Mac Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b)(iv).

Securities
Account means, collectively, with respect to each Credit Party, (a) all securities accounts as such term
is defined in the UCC and, (b) all cash, funds, checks, notes and instruments from time to time on deposit in any of the accounts
or sub-accounts described in clause (a) of this definition.

Securities
Account Control Agreement means an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower establishing the Administrative Agents Control with respect to any Securities Account required to be subject to a
Control Agreement by this Agreement.

Security
Interest has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a).

Servicing
Contracts has the meaning specified in the Credit Agreement and includes, without limitation, those Servicing Contracts comprising
Agency Agreements.

Servicing
Fees means, with respect to Agency Collateral and MSR Assets pledged hereunder, any and all servicing fees, primary servicing
fees, master servicing fees, loss sharing fees, termination fees, special servicing fees, workout fees, liquidation fees, principal recovery
fees and/or standby fees that are payable to a Credit Party under the related Collateral Transaction Documents or Servicing Contracts,
as applicable.

Specified
Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(viii).

Specified
Guarantee has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(c).

Specified
Guarantors has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(c).

Specified
Ownership Interest Pledge has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b).

Specified
Pledged Entities has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b).

Specified
Pledged Equity Interests has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b).

Specified
Sale of Fannie Mae Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a)(vi).

-8-

Specified
Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b)(iv).

Specified
Sale of Ginnie Mae Program Assets has the meaning specified in Section 8.03(e).

Subsidiary
Guarantor(s) has the meaning specified in the preliminary statement of this Agreement.

Trademark
License means any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting to any third party any right to use any trademark
now or hereafter owned by any Credit Party or that any such Credit Party otherwise has the right to license, or granting to any such
Credit Party any right to use any trademark now or hereafter owned by any third party, and all rights of any such Credit Party under
any such agreement.

Trademarks
means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party: (a) all trademarks, service marks, trade names,
domain names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, trade dress, logos, other source
or business identifiers, designs and general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations
and recordings thereof, and all registration and recording applications filed in connection therewith, including registrations and registration
applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar offices in any State of the United States or any other country
or any political subdivision thereof, and all extensions or renewals thereof, including those listed on Schedule III; and (b) all
goodwill associated therewith or symbolized thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Trademarks shall not include intent
to use trademark applications for which a statement of use has not been filed (but only until such statement is filed).

Voting
Equity Interests of any Person means all classes of Equity Interests of such Person entitled to vote.

Section 1.03Effect
of this Agreement. This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. Nothing in
this Agreement is intended by any party, or may be construed by any party, to affect the continuing guarantees provided by or the priority
of the Liens granted by any Credit Party under the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement,
as amended and restated by this Agreement, and nothing herein shall impair or adversely affect the continuation of the liability of the
Credit Parties for the guarantees, obligations or the security interests and Liens heretofore provided, granted, pledged or assigned
to the Administrative Agent for itself and the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties pursuant to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement. The guarantees provided for and the Liens and security interests of the Administrative Agent of the Credit Parties granted
under the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement shall not be impaired, extinguished or released hereby and shall be deemed to be
continuously provided, granted and perfected, as applicable, from the earliest date such guarantee was provided or such Liens and security
interests were granted and perfected and shall remain in full force and effect and in furtherance of the foregoing, and each Credit Party
party to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement hereby reaffirms, renews and brings forward the guarantees provided by and the
security interests granted by such Credit Party pursuant thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Credit Party
hereby acknowledges that all of the obligations under the Revolving Credit Loans, the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Swingline Loans,
the Swingline Commitments, the LC Exposures and the Letters of Credit constitute Guaranteed Obligations and Secured
Obligations. This Agreement shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any of the obligations
or security interests granted thereunder. To the extent applicable, the Credit Party hereby acknowledge, confirm and agree that any financing
statements or other instrument under any applicable law covering all or any part of the collateral previously filed in favor of the Administrative
Agent are in full force and effect as of the date hereof and each Credit Party hereby ratifies its authorization for the Administrative
Agent to file in any relevant jurisdictions any such financing statement or other instrument relating to all or any part of the
collateral if filed prior to the date hereof. All references to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in any Loan Document
(other than this Agreement) or other document or instrument delivered in connection therewith shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement
and the provisions hereof.

-9-

ARTICLE 2.

GUARANTEE

Section 2.01Guarantee.

(a) Each
of the Credit Parties hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantees and reaffirms and confirms its guarantee
provided pursuant to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety to the Administrative
Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, and to the Secured Parties and their respective permitted successors, endorsees,
transferees and assigns the prompt and complete payment and performance when due and payable (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise) of all Secured Obligations, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether or not from time to time reduced or extinguished
(except by payment thereof) or hereafter increased or incurred, whether enforceable or unenforceable as against any Credit Party, whether
or not discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any Debtor Relief Law or proceeding thereunder, whether created directly with the
Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party or acquired by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party through assignment
or endorsement or otherwise, whether matured or unmatured, whether joint or several, as and when the same become due and payable (whether
at maturity or earlier, by reason of acceleration, mandatory repayment or otherwise), in accordance with the terms of any such instruments
evidencing any such obligations, including all renewals, extensions or modifications thereof (all of the foregoing being hereafter collectively
referred to as the Guaranteed Obligations).

(b) Anything
herein or in any of the other Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Credit Party with respect
to the Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of such Credit Party to the Secured Parties) hereunder (including proceeds of
Collateral of such Credit Party applied hereunder) shall in no event exceed the amount that can be guaranteed by such Credit Party under
Applicable Law, including Debtor Relief Laws; provided that, to the maximum extent permitted under Applicable Law, it is the intent
of the parties hereto that the rights of contribution of each Credit Party provided in Section 6.02 below be included as
an asset of the respective Credit Party in determining the maximum liability of such Credit Party hereunder. To that end, but only in
the event and to the extent that after giving effect to Section 6.02, such Credit Partys obligations with respect
to the Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of such Credit Party to the Secured Parties) or any payment made pursuant to
such Guaranteed Obligations (or any other obligations of such Credit Party to the Secured Parties) would, but for the operation of the
first sentence of this Section 2.01(b), be subject to avoidance or recovery in any such proceeding under Debtor Relief Laws
after giving effect to Section 6.02, the amount of such Credit Partys obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations
(or any other obligations of such Credit Party to the Secured Parties) shall be limited to the largest amount which, after giving effect
thereto, would not, under Debtor Relief Laws, render such Credit Partys obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations
(or any other obligations of such Credit Party to the Secured Parties) unenforceable or avoidable or otherwise subject to recovery under
Debtor Relief Laws. To the extent any payment actually made pursuant to the Guaranteed Obligations exceeds the limitation of the first
sentence of this Section 2.01(b) and is otherwise subject to avoidance and recovery in any such proceeding under Debtor
Relief Laws, the amount subject to avoidance shall in all events be limited to the amount by which such actual payment exceeds such limitation
and the Guaranteed Obligations as limited by the first sentence of this Section 2.01(b) shall in all events remain in
full force and effect and be fully enforceable against such Credit Party. The first sentence of this Section 2.01(b) is
intended solely to preserve the rights of the Secured Parties hereunder against such Credit Party in such proceeding to the maximum extent
permitted by Debtor Relief Laws and no Credit Party nor any other Person shall have any right or claim under such sentence that would
not otherwise be available under Debtor Relief Laws in such proceeding.

-10-

(c) No
payment made by any Credit Party, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Administrative Agent or any
other Secured Party from any Credit Party, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off
or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall
be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Credit Party hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any
such payment (other than any payment made by such Credit Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations or any payment received or collected
from such Credit Party in respect of any of the Guaranteed Obligations), remain liable for the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by it
hereunder up to the maximum liability of such Credit Party hereunder until (but subject to Section 2.04 in the case of following
clause (i)) the earlier to occur of (i) the first date on which the Loans and all other Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent
indemnification obligations and obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements or Secured Cash Management Agreements) are paid in full in
cash and all Commitments terminated and all Letters of Credit have expired or been terminated other than Letters of Credit which have
been cash collateralized in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank have been made or (ii) the release of such Credit Party from this Agreement in accordance
with the express provisions of Section 7.14(b).

(d) The
Credit Parties further agree to pay, without limitation as otherwise set forth in this Article 2, any and all expenses (including,
without limitation, all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) which may be paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent or any
other Secured Party in enforcing any rights with respect to, or collecting, any or all of the Guaranteed Obligations described in the
Loan Documents and/or enforcing any rights with respect to, or collecting against, the Credit Parties under this Agreement. The terms
and provisions of this Article 2 shall remain in full force and effect until the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent
indemnification obligations and obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements or Secured Cash Management Agreements) are paid in full and
all Commitments are terminated and all Letters of Credit have expired or been terminated other than Letters of Credit which have been
cash collateralized in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank have been made, notwithstanding that from time to time prior thereto any Credit Party may be free
from any Guaranteed Obligations.

Section 2.02Amendments, etc.
with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, each Credit Party shall remain obligated
hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Credit Party and without notice to or further assent by
any Credit Party, any demand for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations made by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party
may be rescinded by the Administrative Agent or such other Secured Party and any of the Guaranteed Obligations continued, and the Guaranteed
Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right
of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, waived, modified, accelerated,
compromised, subordinated, surrendered or released by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party, and the Credit Agreement,
the other Loan Documents, any Cash Management Agreement and any Hedge Agreement and any other documents executed and delivered in connection
therewith may be amended, waived, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Administrative Agent (or the Required
Lenders under the Credit Agreement, or the applicable Lender(s) or Secured Party, as the case may be) may deem advisable from time
to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured
Party for the payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. Neither the Administrative
Agent nor any other Secured Party shall have any obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by it as
security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Article 2 or any property subject thereto,
except to the extent required by Applicable Law.

-11-

Section 2.03Guarantee
Absolute and Unconditional. Each Credit Party waives, to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all notice of the
creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Administrative
Agent or any other Secured Party upon the guarantee contained in this Article 2 or acceptance of the guarantee contained
in this Article 2; each of the Guaranteed Obligations, and any matters contained therein, shall conclusively be deemed to
have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this
Article 2; and all dealings between the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the other Secured
Parties, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained
in this Article 2. Each Credit Party waives, to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, diligence, presentment, protest,
demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon any of the Credit Parties with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations.
Each Credit Party understands and agrees, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, that the guarantee contained in this Article 2
shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance and not of collection. Each Credit
Party hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all defenses that it may have arising out of or in connection
with any and all of the following:

(a) the
genuineness, legality, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Cash Management
Agreement or any Hedge Agreement or any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right
of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party;

(b) any
action under or in respect of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Cash Management Agreement or any Hedge Agreement in
the exercise of any remedy, power or privilege contained therein or available to any of them at law, in equity or otherwise, or waiver
or refraining from exercising any such remedies, power or privileges (including any manner of sale, disposition or any application of
any sums by whomever paid or however realized to any Guaranteed Obligations owing by any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or
any other Secured Party in such manner as the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party shall determine in its reasonable discretion);

(c) the
existence, value or condition of, or failure to perfect its Lien against, any security for or other guaranty of the Guaranteed Obligations
or any action, or the absence of any action, by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party in respect of such security or guaranty
(including, without limitation, the release of any such security or guaranty);

(d) any
(i) election of remedies by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party that in any manner impairs, reduces, releases or
otherwise adversely affects the subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification rights of such Credit Party
or other rights of such Credit Party to proceed against any other guarantor or any other Person or any Collateral, (ii) right to
compel the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to proceed in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations against the Borrower,
any other Credit Party or any other Person or any security for the payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations, (iii) failure
by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to commence an action in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations against any Credit
Party or any other Person or any security for the payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations, and (iv) right of setoff
or counterclaim against or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations of such Credit Party;

-12-

(e) any
change in the time, place, manner or place of payment, amendment, or waiver or increase in any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(f) any
exchange, taking, or release of Collateral;

(g) any
change in the structure or existence of, restructuring of or other similar organizational change of any Credit Party;

(h) any
application of Collateral to any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(i) any
law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction, or any other event, affecting any term of any Guaranteed Obligation or the rights of the
Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party with respect thereto; and/or

(j) any
other circumstance whatsoever (other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by it hereunder) that constitutes,
or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of any Credit Party for their respective Guaranteed Obligations,
or of such Credit Party under the guarantee contained in this Article 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance.

When making any
demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent or any other
Secured Party may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as it may
have against any other Credit Party or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations
guaranteed by such Credit Party hereunder or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Administrative Agent or
any other Secured Party to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from any other Credit
Party or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any
release of any other Credit Party or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve
any Credit Party of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied
or available as a matter of law, of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party against any Credit Party. For the purposes hereof
demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

Section 2.04Reinstatement.
The guarantee of any Credit Party contained in this Article 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated (together
with all Liens or Collateral securing such guarantee), as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of
the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by such Credit Party hereunder is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the
Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of any
Credit Party, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer
for, any Credit Party or any substantial part of their property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been
made.

-13-

Section 2.05Payments.
Each Credit Party hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, without set-off or counterclaim, in dollars, at the Administrative Agents office specified in Section 13.1(a) of
the Credit Agreement or such other address as may be designated in writing by the Administrative Agent to such Credit Party from time
to time in accordance with Section 13.1(c) of the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.06Information.
Each Credit Party assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of each other Credit Partys financial condition
and assets and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and
extent of the risks that such Credit Party assumes and incurs hereunder and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent or the other
Secured Parties will have any duty to advise such Credit Party of information known to it or any of them regarding such circumstances
or risks.

Section 2.07Specified
Guarantors. The provisions of Article 8 shall also be applicable with respect to the Specified Guarantee provided by
each Specified Guarantor.

Section 2.08Keepwell.
Each Qualified ECP Guarantor (as defined below) hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes
to provide such funds and other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Credit Party to honor all of its obligations
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified
ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 2.08 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred
without rendering its obligations under this Section 2.08, or otherwise under this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
voidable under Debtor Relief Laws and not for any greater amount). Subject to Section 2.05, the obligations of each Qualified
ECP Guarantor under this Section 2.08 shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all
the obligations of the Credit Parties shall have been paid in full in cash, all Commitments have been terminated and all Letters of Credit
have expired or been terminated other than Letters of Credit which have been cash collateralized in accordance with the terms of the
Credit Agreement or as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank have been
made. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 2.08 constitute, and this Section 2.08 shall be
deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of each other Credit Party for all purposes
of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 2.08, Qualified
ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Credit Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the
time the relevant guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such
other Person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated
thereunder and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a
keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

ARTICLE 3.

PLEDGE OF SECURITIES

Section 3.01Pledge.
As security for the payment or performance, as applicable, in full of the Secured Obligations, each Credit Party hereby reaffirms and
confirms the security interest granted pursuant to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and also grants to the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a security interest in all of such Credit Partys right, title and interest in, to
and under: (a) all Equity Interests to and in any Subsidiary directly or indirectly owned by each such Credit Party on the date
hereof (other than Excluded Subsidiaries described in clauses (a) through (c) of such definition) or at any time thereafter
acquired by each such Credit Party (other than Excluded Subsidiaries described in clauses (a) through (c) of such definition),
and in all certificates at any time representing any such Equity Interest, and any other shares, stock certificates, options or rights
of any nature whatsoever in respect of each such Person that may be issued or granted to, or held by, such Credit Party while this Agreement
is in effect (collectively, the Pledged Equity Interests); (b) all debt securities and promissory notes held
by, or owed to, such Credit Party on the Closing Date or at any time thereafter, and all securities, promissory notes and any other instruments
evidencing the debt securities or promissory notes described above (collectively, the Pledged Debt); (c) subject
to Section 3.05, all payments of principal or interest, dividends, distributions, cash, instruments and other property from
time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, in exchange for or upon the conversion of, and all other Proceeds
received in respect of, the securities and other property referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above; (d) subject to Section 3.05,
all rights and privileges of such Credit Party with respect to the securities and other property referred to in clauses (a), (b), and
(c) above; and (e) all Proceeds of any of the foregoing (the items referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above being
collectively referred to as the Pledged Securities). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no pledge, lien or security
interest is hereby granted or required to be granted in the Excluded Assets. Any pledge of any promissory note or other Pledged Debt
with respect to any Mortgage Loan intended for sale to Freddie Mac shall be effected in strict compliance with the provisions of Chapter
33 of the Freddie Mac Guide relating to pledged mortgages.

-14-

Section 3.02Delivery
of the Pledged Securities.

(a) Each
Credit Party represents and warrants that each certificate, agreement or instrument with a face amount or attributable value of at least
$5,000,000 representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities in existence on the date hereof (other than any promissory note with respect
to loans and advances to officers, directors, and employees in connection with recruitment and engagement of such officers, directors,
and employees that are forgivable subject to continued employment, or other Pledged Debt with respect to any Mortgage Loan originated
or acquired in the ordinary course of business) have been delivered to the Administrative Agent in suitable form for transfer by delivery
or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank. For the duration of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, each Credit Party agrees promptly (and in any event within twenty (20) days after receipt thereof) to deliver or cause to
be delivered to the Administrative Agent each certificate, agreement or instrument representing or evidencing the Pledged Equity Interests
and all debt securities and promissory notes constituting Pledged Debt (other than, at any time that no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, any promissory note with respect to loans and advances to officers, directors, and employees in connection
with recruitment and engagement of such officers, directors, and employees that are forgivable subject to continued employment, or other
Pledged Debt with respect to any Mortgage Loan originated or acquired in the ordinary course of business), in each case if the face amount
or attributable value thereof is at least $5,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certificated Pledged Securities representing the
Equity Interest of a Subsidiary required to be pledged hereunder shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent irrespective of the face
amount or attributable value thereof.

(b) Upon
delivery to the Administrative Agent: (i) any Pledged Securities shall be accompanied by undated stock or other transfer powers
duly executed in blank or other undated instruments of transfer sufficient to effect the transfer of such Pledged Securities and otherwise
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and by such other instruments and documents as the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders (acting through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request and (ii) all other property comprising part of the Pledged
Securities shall be accompanied by proper instruments of assignment duly executed by the applicable Credit Party sufficient to effect
the transfer of such other property and such other instruments or documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. Each
delivery of Pledged Securities shall be accompanied by a schedule describing such Pledged Securities, which schedule shall be attached
hereto as a supplement to Schedule II and made a part hereof; provided, that failure to attach any such schedule hereto
shall not affect the validity of such pledge of such Pledged Securities. Each schedule so delivered shall supplement any prior schedules
so delivered.

-15-

(c) If
any Credit Party shall, as a result of its ownership of the Pledged Equity Interests, become entitled to receive or shall receive a membership
certificate (including, without limitation, any certificate representing a distribution in connection with any reclassification, increase
or reduction of capital, or any certificate issued in connection with any reorganization), options or rights, whether in addition to,
in substitution of, as a conversion of, or in exchange for any of such Pledged Equity Interests, or otherwise in respect thereof, such
Credit Party shall accept the same as the Secured Parties agent, hold the same in trust for the Secured Parties and deliver the
same forthwith to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the exact form received, duly endorsed by such Credit
Party in blank, together with an undated membership interest power covering such certificate duly executed in blank, to be held by the
Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, hereunder as additional security for the Secured Obligations. Any sums paid upon
or in respect of Pledged Equity Interests upon the liquidation or dissolution of the issuer thereof shall be paid over to the Administrative
Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, to be promptly applied by it pursuant to Section 5.02. If any sums of money or property
so paid or distributed in respect of Pledged Securities shall be received by any Credit Party, such Credit Party shall, until such money
or property is paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, hold such money or property in trust
for the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, segregated from other funds of such Credit Party, as additional security
for the Secured Obligations.

Section 3.03Representations,
Warranties and Covenants. The Credit Parties jointly and severally represent, warrant and covenant to and with the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties that:

(a) as
of Closing Date, Schedule I correctly sets forth each Subsidiary Guarantor and the following information with respect to each
Subsidiary Guarantor: (i) the true and correct legal name of such Subsidiary Guarantor, (ii) its jurisdiction of formation,
(iii) its Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or its organizational identification number and (iv) the location of its chief
executive office.

(b) as
of Closing Date, Schedule II correctly sets forth the percentage of the issued and outstanding shares (or units or other comparable
measure) of each class of the Equity Interests of the issuer thereof represented by the Pledged Equity Interests and includes all Equity
Interests owned by the Borrower and the other Credit Parties as of the Closing Date; provided, however, that the Equity
Interests owned by the Borrower and the other Credit Parties of Excluded Subsidiaries described in clauses (a) through (c) of
such definition, Persons that are not Subsidiaries, or other Persons not required to be pledged hereunder shall be separately identified
on Schedule II;

(c) the
Pledged Equity Interests issued by any Credit Party and the Pledged Debt have, in each case, been duly and validly authorized and issued
by the issuers thereof and (i) in the case of Pledged Equity Interests issued by any such Credit Party, are fully paid and non-assessable
(to the extent applicable), are beneficially owned as of record by such Credit Party and constitute all of the issued and outstanding
shares of all classes of the Equity Interests issued to such Credit Party and (ii) in the case of Pledged Debt issued by any such
Credit Party, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the issuers thereof;

-16-

(d) except
for the security interests granted hereunder, each of the Credit Parties: (i) is and, subject to any transfers or other dispositions
permitted by the Credit Agreement (including any Freddie Mac CME Securitization), will continue to be the direct owner, beneficially
and of record, of the Pledged Securities indicated on Schedule II as owned by such Credit Party, (ii) holds the same free
and clear of all Liens, other than Liens created by any Loan Documents and Liens permitted by the Credit Agreement, (iii) will make
no assignment, pledge, hypothecation or transfer of or create or permit to exist any security interest in or other Lien on, the Pledged
Securities, other than Liens created by any Loan Document, Liens permitted by the Credit Agreement and transfers or other dispositions
permitted by the Credit Agreement (including any Freddie Mac CME Securitization), and (iv) will defend its title or interest thereto
or therein against any and all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), however arising, of all Persons whomsoever;

(e) except
as set forth in the Agency Consents and except for restrictions and limitations imposed by (i) the Loan Documents or (ii) securities
laws generally, the Pledged Securities issued by any of the Credit Parties are and will continue to be freely transferable and assignable,
and none of the Pledged Securities issued by any such Credit Parties are or will be subject to any option, right of first refusal, shareholders
agreement, charter or bylaw provision or contractual restriction of any nature that might prohibit, impair, delay or otherwise affect
the pledge of such Pledged Securities hereunder, the sale or disposition thereof pursuant hereto or the exercise by the Administrative
Agent of rights and remedies hereunder (including, without limitation, the right, where applicable, to be substituted as a member, manager
or partner under any partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement, operating agreement or other organizational documents
of any Credit Party and to receive the benefits of a manager, member or partner thereunder (including, without limitation, all voting
rights and rights of an economic interest holder));

(f) each
of the Credit Parties has the power and authority to pledge the Pledged Securities pledged by it hereunder in the manner hereby done
or contemplated;

(g) no
consent or approval of any Governmental Authority, any securities exchange or any other Person was or is necessary to the validity of
the pledge effected hereby on the date hereof (other than such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect);

(h) upon
(i) the filing of the UCC financing statements as described in Section 4.02(b), the Administrative Agent shall have
a legal, valid and perfected lien upon and security interest in all of the Pledged Securities that may be perfected by filing as security
for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, (ii) with respect to that portion of the Pledged Securities that are
certificated securities or instruments (as each such term is defined in the UCC), upon the delivery to the
Administrative Agent of the original of such Pledged Securities together with an effective endorsement or undated stock power with respect
thereto duly indorsed in blank by the applicable Credit Party, the Administrative Agent shall have a legal, valid and perfected first
priority lien upon and security interest in such Pledged Securities as security for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations
and (iii) with respect to that portion of the Pledged Securities that are uncertificated securities (as such term
is defined in the UCC), upon the agreement of the issuer thereto to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent
with respect to such Pledged Securities without further consent by the registered owners of such Pledged Securities, the Administrative
Agent shall have a legal, valid and perfected first priority lien upon and security interest in such Pledged Securities as security for
the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations;

(i) all
Pledged Debt as of the Closing Date (other than any promissory note with respect to loans and advances to officers, directors, and employees
in connection with recruitment and engagement of such officers, directors, and employees that are forgivable subject to continued employment,
or other Pledged Debt with respect to any Mortgage Loan originated or acquired in the ordinary course of business) is described on Schedule
II;

-17-

(j) none
of the Pledged Securities are held in a Securities Account; and

(k) without
limiting the generality of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement, the representations and warranties of
each Credit Party set forth in Section 9.10 of the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the restrictions
on granting any so-called Negative Pledges respecting any Excluded Subsidiary) shall at all times be true and accurate.

Section 3.04Registration
in Nominee Name; Denominations. The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have the right (in its sole and
absolute discretion) to hold the Pledged Securities in the name of the applicable Credit Party, endorsed or assigned in blank or, upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, in its own name as pledgee or the name of its nominee (as pledgee
or as sub-agent). The Administrative Agent shall at all times upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default
have the right to exchange any certificates representing Pledged Securities issued by any Credit Party for certificates of smaller or
larger denominations for any purpose consistent with this Agreement.

Section 3.05Voting
Rights; Dividends and Interest.

(a) Unless
and until an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Administrative Agent shall have notified the Credit Parties
that their rights under this Section 3.05 are being suspended:

(i) Each
Credit Party shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights and powers inuring to an owner of Pledged Securities
or any part thereof for any purpose, subject to any limitations thereon as may be provided for in the Credit Agreement and otherwise
consistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided, that
no Credit Party shall vote to (A) enable or take other action to permit any issuer of Pledged Equity Interests to issue any additional
Equity Interests except for additional Equity Interests that (1) in the case of any such issuer that is a holder or owner of any
Agency Collateral, are issued ratably to all existing holders of the Equity Interests of such issuer and (2) to the extent issued
to a Credit Party, will subject to the security interest of the Administrative Agent granted herein or (B) enter into any agreement
or undertaking restricting the right or ability of such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent to sell, assign or transfer any Equity
Interests.

(ii) The
Administrative Agent, at the Credit Partys expense, shall execute and deliver to each Credit Party, or cause to be executed and
delivered to such Credit Party, all such proxies, powers of attorney and other instruments as such Credit Party may reasonably request
for the purpose of enabling such Credit Party to exercise the voting and other consensual rights and powers it is entitled to exercise
pursuant to subparagraph (i) above.

(iii) Each
Credit Party shall be entitled to pay dividends and distributions solely to the extent permitted by the Credit Agreement, and each
Credit Party shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all dividends, interest, principal and other distributions paid on or
distributed in respect of the Pledged Securities to the extent and only to the extent that such dividends, interest, principal and
other distributions are permitted by, and otherwise paid or distributed in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Credit
Agreement, the other Loan Documents and applicable laws; provided, that (x) any noncash dividends, interest, principal
or other distributions that would constitute Pledged Securities, whether resulting from a subdivision, combination or
reclassification of the outstanding Equity Interest of the issuer of any Pledged Securities or received in exchange for Pledged
Securities or any part thereof, or in redemption thereof, or as a result of any merger, consolidation, acquisition or other exchange
of assets to which such issuer may be a party or otherwise, shall be and become part of the Pledged Securities, and, if received by
any Credit Party, shall not be commingled by such Credit Party with any of its other funds or property but shall be held separate
and apart therefrom, shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties and shall be
promptly, and in any event on the next Delivery Date after receipt of same, delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form
as so received (with any necessary endorsement as described in Section 3.02(c) or otherwise) and (y) any
Article 9 Collateral so received shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Article 4 hereof.

-18-

(b) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, after the Administrative Agent shall have notified the Credit
Parties of the suspension of their rights under this Section 3.05, all rights of any Credit Party to dividends,
interest, principal or other distributions that such Credit Party is authorized to receive pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii) of
this Section 3.05 shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Administrative Agent, which
shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority to receive and retain such dividends, interest, principal or other
distributions. All dividends, interest, principal or other distributions received by any Credit Party contrary to the provisions of
this Section 3.05 shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties,
shall be segregated from other property or funds of such Credit Party and shall be forthwith delivered to the Administrative Agent
upon demand in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement). Any and all money and other property paid over to or
received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (b) shall be retained by the Administrative
Agent in an account to be established by the Administrative Agent upon receipt of such money or other property and shall be applied
in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.02. After all Events of Default have been cured or waived, as may be
applicable, and the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate to that effect, the Administrative Agent shall
promptly repay to each Credit Party (without interest) all dividends, interest, principal or other distributions that such Credit
Party would otherwise be permitted to retain pursuant to the terms of paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 3.05 and
that remain in such account.

(c) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, after the Administrative Agent shall have notified the Credit Parties
of the suspension of their rights under this Section 3.05, all rights of any Credit Party to exercise the voting and other
consensual rights and powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 3.05, and the obligations
of the Administrative Agent under paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section 3.05, shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon
become vested in the Administrative Agent, which shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise such voting and other
consensual rights and powers; provided that, unless otherwise directed by the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall
have the right from time to time following and during the continuation of an Event of Default to permit the Credit Parties to exercise
such rights. After all Events of Default have been cured or waived, as may be applicable, the Credit Parties shall have the right to
exercise the voting and consensual rights and powers that they would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to the terms of paragraph
(a)(i) above.

(d) Any
notice given by the Administrative Agent to the Credit Parties suspending their rights under this Section 3.05 (i) may
be given to one or more of the Credit Parties at the same or different times, and (ii) may suspend the rights of the Credit Parties
under paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(iii) of this Section 3.05 in part without suspending all such rights (as specified
by the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) and without waiving or otherwise affecting the Administrative Agents
rights to give additional notices from time to time suspending other rights so long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

-19-

(e) Solely
with respect to Article 8 Matters (as defined below), each Credit Party hereby irrevocably grants and appoints the Administrative
Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, from the date of this Agreement until the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its
terms, as such Credit Partys true and lawful proxy, for and in such Credit Partys name, place and stead to vote all Pledged
Equity Interests, whether directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, now owned or hereafter acquired, with respect to such Article 8
Matters. The proxy granted and appointed in this Section 3.05(e) shall include the right to sign such Credit Partys
name to any consent, certificate or other document relating to an Article 8 Matter and the Pledged Equity Interests that applicable
law may permit or require, to cause the Pledged Equity Interests to be voted in accordance with the preceding sentence. Each Credit Party
hereby represents and warrants that there are no other proxies and powers of attorney with respect to an Article 8 Matter and the
Pledged Equity Interests that such Credit Party may have granted or appointed. Each Credit Party will not give a subsequent proxy or
power of attorney or enter into any other voting agreement with respect to the Pledged Equity Interests with respect to any Article 8
Matter and any attempt to do so with respect to an Article 8 Matter shall be void and of no effect.

As used herein,
Article 8 Matter means any action, decision, determination or election by an issuer of Pledged Equity Interests
or its member that its membership interests or other equity interests, or any of them, be, or cease to be, a security as
defined in and governed by Article 8 of the UCC, and all other matters related to any such action, decision, determination or election.

The proxies and
powers granted by each Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement are coupled with an interest and are given to secure the performance of
such Credit Partys obligations hereunder.

Section 3.06Uniform
Commercial Code Financing Statements, etc. The provisions of the first two paragraphs of Section 4.01(b) and
the provisions of Section 4.02(b) are hereby incorporated by reference. Each Credit Party understands and agrees that
the Administrative Agent may file UCC financing statements that include the Pledged Securities as well as the Article 9 Collateral,
including any such financing statements that indicate the Collateral as all assets of such Credit Party, or other similar
description, in each case so long as such UCC financing statements so contain any language required to be contained therein pursuant
to the Agency Consents.

Section 3.07Specified
Ownership Interest Pledge. The terms of Article 3 shall be subject to the provisions of Article 8 which shall
also be applicable with respect to the Specified Ownership Interest Pledged provided hereunder with respect to each of the Specified
Pledged Entities.

Section 3.08Partnership/LLC
Interests. Subject to Section 7.13, each limited liability agreement, operating agreement, membership agreement, partnership
agreement or similar agreement relating to any Partnership/LLC Interests included in the Collateral (a Partnership/LLC Agreement)
shall be amended in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the extent necessary to permit each member, manager and partner
that is a Credit Party to pledge all of the Partnership/LLC Interests in which such Credit Party has rights to, and grant and collaterally
assign to, the Secured Parties a lien and security interest in its Partnership/LLC Interests in which such Credit Party has rights without
any further consent, approval or action by any other party, including, without limitation, any other party to any Partnership/LLC Agreement
or otherwise, with the effect that, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Secured Parties or their
respective designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) to be substituted for the applicable Credit Party as a member, manager
or partner under the applicable Partnership/LLC Agreement and the Secured Parties shall have all rights, powers and benefits of such
Credit Party as a member, manager or partner, as applicable, under such Partnership/LLC Agreement (which for the avoidance of doubt,
such rights, powers and benefits of a substituted member shall include all voting and other rights and not merely the rights of an economic
interest holder).

-20-

ARTICLE 4.

SECURITY INTERESTS IN PERSONAL PROPERTY

Section 4.01Security
Interest.

(a) As
security for the payment or performance, as applicable, in full of the Secured Obligations, each Credit Party hereby reaffirms and confirms
the security interest granted pursuant to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and also grants to the Administrative Agent,
its successors and assigns, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest (the Security Interest)
in all right, title and interest in or to any and all of the following assets and properties now owned or at any time hereafter acquired
by such Credit Party or in which such Credit Party now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest (collectively,
the Article 9 Collateral):

(i) the
Deposit Accounts and all cash or other assets or proceeds deposited therein;

(ii) all
Agency Collateral;

(iii) all
MSR Assets, whether or not yet accrued, earned, due or payable, as well as all other present and future rights and interests of the Credit
Parties in MSR Assets;

(iv) all
Income in respect of the MSR Assets;

(v) all
Intellectual Property;

(vi) all
Contracts and all Contract Rights;

(vii) the
commercial tort claims (as defined in the UCC) specified on Schedule IV;

(viii) all
books and records pertaining to the Article 9 Collateral;

(ix) to
the extent not otherwise included above, any and all other Property held at any time by any of the Credit Parties;

(x) all
accounts, chattel paper, documents, equipment, fixtures, general
intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter
of credit rights and securities accounts as each of those terms is defined in the UCC and all cash and Cash Equivalents
and all products and proceeds relating to or constituting any or all of the foregoing; and

(xi) to
the extent not otherwise included above, all other assets of each Credit Party (other than Excluded Assets) and all proceeds and products
of any and all of the foregoing and all accessions (as such term is defined in the UCC) to any of the foregoing, collateral security,
supporting obligations and guarantees given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither the Article 9 Collateral nor the Pledged Securities shall include the following (collectively, the Excluded
Assets):

-21-

(i) any
obligation or property of any kind due from, owed by or belonging to any Sanctioned Person,

(ii) any
assets that are subject to a purchase money lien or capital lease permitted under the Credit Agreement to the extent the documents relating
to such purchase money lien or capital lease would not permit such assets to be subject to the Security Interests created hereby or the
grant or perfection of additional Lien would result in a breach or termination of, or constitutes a default under, the documentation
governing such Liens or the obligations secured by such Liens,

(iii) any
lease, license or other contract, including, without limitation, all Collateral Transaction Documents, if the grant of a security interest
therein under the terms thereof or under applicable law, rule or regulation, is prohibited, or would give any other party thereto
(other than a Credit Party) the right to terminate such lease, license or other contract,

(iv) any
tangible or intangible asset if (but only to the extent that) the grant of a security interest therein would be prohibited by applicable
law, rule or regulation, and binding judicial interpretations in connection therewith,

(v) motor
vehicles;

(vi) Excluded
Property,

(vii) any
United States federal intent-to-use Trademark or service mark application prior to the filing of a statement or use or amendment to allege
use, or any other intellectual property, to the extent that applicable law or regulation prohibits the creation of a security interest
or would otherwise result in the loss of rights from the creation of such security interest or from the assignment of such rights upon
the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default;

(viii) those
assets (including, without limitation, MSR Assets) as to which both the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably determine that
the cost of obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof are excessive in relation to the benefit to the Secured Parties
of the security to be afforded thereby;

(ix) all
Equity Interests in any Excluded Subsidiary described in clauses (a) through (c) of such definition;

(x) with
respect to any Fannie Mae Designated Loans, any MSR Assets and other assets of WDLLC and WD Capital expressly excluded from the definition
of Fannie Mae Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.01(a) or otherwise under any applicable Agency Consent
provided by Fannie Mae (but only as and to the limited extent, and only for so long as, any such assets are expressly excluded);

(xi) with
respect to any Freddie Mac Designated Loans, all Excluded Freddie Mac-Related Assets;

(xii) with
respect to any Ginnie Mae Designated Loans, any MSR Assets and other assets of WDLLC and WD Capital expressly excluded from the definition
of Ginnie Mae Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.03(a) or otherwise under any applicable Agency Consent
provided by Ginnie Mae (but only as and to the limited extent, and only for so long as, any such assets are expressly excluded); and

-22-

(xiii) any
Equity Interests of each First Tier Foreign Subsidiary in excess of 65% of the outstanding Voting Equity Interests and 100% of the non-Voting
Equity Interests of each such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary;

provided,
that the exclusions in clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) shall not apply to the extent that, and for so long as (x) such prohibition
or restriction is not enforceable or is otherwise ineffective under Applicable Law (including the UCC) or (y) consent to such security
interest has been obtained from any applicable third party; provided that (1) nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document shall affect, limit, restrict or impair the grant by any Credit Party of a Security Interest in any corresponding account or
any corresponding money or other amounts due and payable to any Credit Party or to become due and payable to any Credit Party under any
lease, instrument, contract or agreement, a security interest in which is prohibited or restricted as described in clauses (ii), (iii) or
(iv) above, unless such security interest in such corresponding account, money or other amount due and payable is also specifically
prohibited or restricted by the terms of such lease, instrument, contract or other agreement or such security interest in such corresponding
account, money or other amount due and payable would expressly constitute a default under or would expressly grant a party a termination
right under any such lease, instrument, contract or agreement governing such right unless, in each case, (x) such prohibition is
not enforceable or is otherwise ineffective under Applicable Law (including the UCC) or (y) consent to such security interest has
been obtained from any applicable third party; and (2) the Security Interests granted herein shall immediately and automatically
attach to and the term Collateral shall immediately and automatically include the rights under any such lease, instrument,
contract or agreement and in any corresponding account, money, or other amounts due and payable to any Credit Party at such time as such
prohibition, restriction, event of default or termination right terminates or is waived or consent to such security interest has been
obtained from any applicable third party;

(b) Pursuant
to Section 9-509 of the UCC and any Applicable Law, each Credit Party hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent at
any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any financing statements with respect to the Collateral or any part
thereof and amendments thereto that (i) indicate the Collateral as all assets other than Excluded Assets of such Credit
Party or such other similar description and (ii) contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable
jurisdiction for the filing of any financing statement or amendment, including whether such Credit Party is an organization, the type
of organization and any organizational identification number issued to such Credit Party, in each case so long as such financing statements
also contain any language required to be contained therein pursuant to the Agency Consents. Each Credit Party agrees to provide such
information to the Administrative Agent promptly upon request. The authorization granted in this Section 4.01 does not in
any way limit the obligations of the Credit Parties set forth in Sections 4.01(e) and 4.03(d).

Each Credit Party
also ratifies its authorization for the Administrative Agent to file in any relevant jurisdictions any financing statements (including
fixture filings, as applicable) or other appropriate filings, recordings or registrations or amendments thereto.

On or prior to the
Closing Date, each Credit Party shall indicate on their respective internal records that the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured
Parties, has acquired a security interest therein as provided in this Agreement.

-23-

(c) Subject
to Section 8.19 of the Credit Agreement, on or before the Closing Date (or promptly but in no event more than twenty (20) days after
the date of acquisition thereof if acquired after the Closing Date), the related Credit Party shall provide to the Administrative Agent:

(i) in
the case of MSR Assets related to an Agency Contract, an Agency Consent, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, Lenders, the applicable
Credit Party and the related Agency; and

(ii) in
the case of any MSR Assets (or Deposit Accounts permitted pursuant to Article 8 hereunder with respect to Agency Collateral):
(A) a Deposit Account Control Agreement for the Deposit Accounts into which all related Income shall be deposited in accordance
with Section 4.06(a), reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and duly executed by the related parties, and (B) in
cases where the applicable Credit Party receives payments directly from the obligors on the related Mortgage Loans, an agreement with
the lock box/clearing account bank into which such payments are made, pursuant to which such lock box/clearing account bank agrees to
sweep all Income related to such Mortgage Loans into a Deposit Account described in clause (A) of this Section 4.01(c)(ii).

(d) Each
Credit Party shall, from time to time, at its expense, execute, deliver, file and record all statements, continuation statements, amendments,
specific assignments or other instruments or documents and take any other action that may be necessary, or that the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders, may reasonably request, to create, evidence, preserve, perfect or validate the Security Interest or to enable
such requesting party to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder and under the Credit Agreement with respect to any of the Collateral.

(e) The
Administrative Agent is further authorized to file with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office
(or any successor office or any similar office in any other country) such documents as may be necessary or advisable for the purpose
of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the Security Interest granted by each Credit Party, without the signature
of any Credit Party, and naming any Credit Party or the Credit Parties as debtors and the Administrative Agent as secured party.

(f) The
Security Interest is granted as security only and shall not subject the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to, or in any
way alter or modify, any obligation or liability of any Credit Party with respect to or arising out of the Collateral and notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary, (i) each Credit Party shall remain liable to perform all of its
duties and obligations under the contracts and agreements included in the Collateral to the same extent as if this Agreement had not
been executed, (ii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party of any of the rights hereunder shall not
release any Credit Party from any of its duties or obligations under the contracts and agreements included in the Collateral, (iii) the
Administrative Agent and each other Secured Party shall not have any obligation or liability under the contracts and agreements included
in the Collateral by reason of this Agreement, and shall not be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of any Credit Party
thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder, and (iv) neither the Administrative
Agent nor any other Secured Party shall have any liability in contract or tort for any Credit Partys acts or omissions.

Section 4.02Representations
and Warranties. The Credit Parties jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured
Parties that:

(a) Each
Credit Party has good and valid rights in and title to the Collateral and has full power and authority to grant to the Administrative
Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties the Security Interest in such Collateral pursuant hereto and to execute, deliver
and perform its obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, without the consent or approval of any other Person other
than any consent or approval that has been obtained or any consent or approval which, if not obtained, could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

-24-

(b) Each
Perfection Certificate, as and to the extent required by the Administrative Agent from time to time, shall be duly prepared, completed
and executed and the information set forth therein, including the exact legal name of each Credit Party, is correct and complete in all
material respects as of the Closing Date. The UCC financing statements are prepared based upon the information provided to the Administrative
Agent for filing in each governmental, municipal or other office specified in the applicable Perfection Certificates delivered to the
Administrative Agent on the Closing Date (and as may be applicable, from time to time, after the Closing Date), are in appropriate form
for filing in the appropriate offices of the states specified in the applicable Perfection Certificate, contain an adequate description
of the Collateral for purposes of perfecting a security interest in such Collateral to the extent that a security interest in such Collateral
may be perfected by filing in such offices and are all the filings, recordings and registrations (other than (x) filings, if any,
required to be made in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office in order to perfect the Security
Interest in Article 9 Collateral consisting of United States registered Patents, United States registered Trademarks (and Trademarks
for which United States registration applications are pending) and United States registered Copyrights and (y) fixture filings relating
to Article 9 Collateral consisting of fixtures, which filings are not required to be made hereunder or pursuant hereto) that are
necessary to publish notice of and protect the validity of and to establish a legal, valid and perfected security interest in favor of
the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties in respect of all Collateral in which a security interest may
be perfected by filing, recording or registration in the United States (or any political subdivision thereof) and its territories and
possessions, and no further or subsequent filing, re-filing, recording, rerecording, registration or re-registration is necessary in
any such jurisdiction, except as provided under the UCC with respect to the filing of continuation statements. Each Credit Party represents
and warrants that a fully executed agreement in the form of Exhibit II, Exhibit III or Exhibit IV
hereof, as applicable, and containing a description of all Article 9 Collateral consisting of Intellectual Property with respect
to United States Patents (and Patents for which United States registration applications are pending), United States registered Trademarks
(and Trademarks for which United States registration applications are pending) and United States registered Copyrights (and Copyrights
for which United States registration applications are pending) have been delivered to the Administrative Agent and have been sent for
recording by the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office pursuant to 35 U.S.C. 261, 15
U.S.C. 1060 or 17 U.S.C. 205 and the regulations thereunder, as applicable, which together with the execution of this Agreement
and the filing of the UCC financing statements, establish a legal, valid and, upon such recordation, perfected security interest in favor
of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in respect of all Article 9 Collateral consisting of United States
Patents (and Patents for which United States registration applications are pending), United States registered Trademarks (and Trademarks
for which United States registration applications are pending) and United States registered Copyrights (and Copyrights for which United
States registration applications are pending) in which a security interest may be perfected by filing, recording or registration in the
United States (or any political subdivision thereof) and its territories and possessions, and no further or subsequent filing, re-filing,
recording, rerecording, registration or re-registration is necessary (except as provided under the UCC with respect to the filing of
continuation statements and other than such actions as are necessary to perfect the Security Interest with respect to any Article 9
Collateral consisting of United States Patents (and Patents for which United States registration applications are pending), United States
registered Trademarks (and Trademarks for which United States registration applications are pending) and United States registered Copyrights
acquired or developed after the date hereof and other than any such actions required as a result in any change in applicable law). Each
Credit Party represents and warrants that when the applicable depositary bank, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Credit Party
shall have executed and delivered a Deposit Account Control Agreement the Security Interest will constitute a perfected security interest
in all right, title and interest of the applicable Credit Party in the Deposit Account subject to such Deposit Account Control Agreement,
in each case prior to all other Liens and rights of others therein and subject to no adverse claims, except for Permitted Liens. Each
Credit Party represents and warrants that when the applicable securities intermediary (as such term is defined in the UCC), the Administrative
Agent and the applicable Credit Party shall have executed and delivered a Securities Account Control Agreement, the Security Interest
will constitute a perfected security interest in all right, title and interest of the applicable Credit Party in the applicable Securities
Account subject to such Securities Account Control Agreement, in each case prior to all other Liens and rights of others therein and
subject to no adverse claims.

-25-

(c) The
Security Interest constitutes: (i) a legal and valid security interest in all the Article 9 Collateral securing the payment
and performance of the Secured Obligations, (ii) subject to the filings described in Section 4.02(b), a perfected security
interest in all Article 9 Collateral (other than fixtures) in which a security interest may be perfected by filing, recording or
registering a financing statement or analogous document in the United States (or any political subdivision thereof) and its territories
and possessions pursuant to the UCC or other applicable law in such jurisdictions, and (iii) a security interest that shall be perfected
in all Article 9 Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected upon the receipt and recording of the aforementioned UCC
financing statements and the forms attached hereto as Exhibit II, Exhibit III or Exhibit IV hereof,
as applicable. The Security Interest is and shall be prior to any other Lien on any of the Article 9 Collateral, other than Permitted
Liens that have priority as a matter of Applicable Law.

(d) The
Article 9 Collateral is owned by the Credit Parties, respectively, free and clear of any Lien, except for Permitted Liens. Other
than pursuant to the Loan Documents, none of the Credit Parties has filed or consented to the filing of: (i) any financing statement
or analogous document under the UCC or any other Applicable Laws covering any Collateral, (ii) any assignment in which any Credit
Party assigns any Collateral or any security agreement or similar instrument covering any Collateral with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office or (iii) any assignment in which any Credit Party assigns any Article 9
Collateral or any security agreement or similar instrument covering any Article 9 Collateral with any foreign governmental, municipal
or other office, which financing statement or analogous document, assignment, security agreement or similar instrument is still in effect,
except, in each case, for Permitted Liens.

(e) Each
applicable Credit Party services the Ginnie Mae Loans pursuant to the Ginnie Mae Agreements and, other than the Ginnie Mae Agreements,
there are no agreements, contracts or arrangements governing the origination or servicing of the Ginnie Mae Loans. Each applicable Credit
Party services the Fannie Mae Loans pursuant to the Fannie Mae Agreements, and the ASAP Plus Agreements, and, other than the Fannie Mae
Agreements and the ASAP Plus Agreements, there are no agreements, contracts or arrangements governing the origination or servicing of
the Fannie Mae Loans. Each such applicable Credit Party services the Freddie Mac Loans pursuant to the Freddie Mac Agreements, and, other
than the Freddie Mac Agreements, there are no agreements, contracts or arrangements governing the origination or servicing of the Freddie
Mac Loans. Each such applicable Credit Party services the Investor Loans pursuant to the Investor Agreements, and, other than the Investor
Agreements, there are no agreements, contracts or arrangements governing the origination or servicing of the Investor Loans.

-26-

(f) Each
such applicable Credit Party has all consents, licenses and approvals necessary to originate (and as may be applicable, to commit to
insure or guarantee) and service Mortgage Loans on behalf of each Agency and applicable Investor and has remained in compliance with
the Agency Agreements and the Investor Agreements, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expect to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(g) Each
Credit Party is a registered organization (as such term is defined in the UCC) organized under the laws of the state identified
on Schedule 7.1 of the Credit Agreement and in the Perfection Certificate.

(h) All
Copyright registrations, Copyright applications, issued Patents, Patent applications, Trademark registrations and Trademark applications
are identified on Schedule III hereto and except as noted on Schedule III, no Intellectual Property is the subject of any
licensing or franchise agreement pursuant to which a Credit Party is the licensor or franchisor.

(i) All
commercial tort claims or letter of credit rights (as each such term is defined in the UCC) having a value
of $5,000,000 or more are identified on Schedule IV.

(j) Each
existing account constitutes, and each hereafter arising account will, when such account arises, constitute, the legally valid and binding
obligation of the applicable Account Debtor, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to materially adversely affect the value or collectability of the accounts included in the Collateral, taken as a whole. No
Account Debtor has any defense, set-off, claim or counterclaim against any Credit Party that can be asserted against the Administrative
Agent, whether in any proceeding to enforce the Administrative Agents rights in the accounts included in the Collateral, or otherwise,
except for defenses, setoffs, claims or counterclaims that could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to materially
adversely affect the value or collectability of the accounts included in the Collateral, taken as a whole. None of the Credit Parties
accounts receivables are, nor will any hereafter arising account receivable be, evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument
(as defined in the UCC (other than a check)) that has not been pledged to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms hereof.
No account results from a contract between any Credit Party and an agency, department or instrumentality of the United States or any
state, municipal or local Governmental Authority or gives rise to obligations of any such Governmental Authority as Account Debtor to
any Credit Party.

(k) Each
Credit Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of each of the Secured Parties that each of the
representations and warranties contained in Articles VII and X of the Credit Agreement, to the extent applicable to such Credit Party,
are true and correct.

Section 4.03Covenants.

(a) As
further provided in the Credit Agreement, each Credit Party agrees to give the Administrative Agent prompt written notice (but in no
event later than thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)) prior
to any change in its (i) corporate name, (ii) type of organization or corporate structure, (iii) organizational identification
number or (iv) jurisdiction of organization. Each Credit Party agrees to give the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of
any change in (i) the location of its chief executive office or its principal place of business, or (ii) its Federal Taxpayer
Identification Number. Each Credit Party agrees to provide the Administrative Agent with certified organizational documents reflecting
any of the changes described in the first sentence of this Section 4.03(a) with the notice required in such sentence.
Each Credit Party agrees promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) to notify the Administrative Agent if any portion
of the Article 9 Collateral material to a Credit Partys business owned or held by such Credit Party is damaged or destroyed.

-27-

(b) Each
Credit Party agrees to maintain in all material respects, at its own cost and expense, such complete and accurate records with respect
to the Collateral owned by it as is consistent with its current practices and in accordance with such standard practices used in industries
that are the same as or similar to those in which such Credit Party is engaged, but in any event to include complete accounting records
indicating all payments and proceeds received with respect to any part of the Collateral.

(c) Each
Credit Party shall, at its own expense, take any and all actions necessary to defend title to the Collateral (other than Collateral that
is deemed by such Credit Party not to be material to the conduct of its business) against all Persons and to defend the security interests
of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral and the priority thereof against any Lien not permitted pursuant to the Credit Agreement.
Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent any Credit Party from discontinuing the operation or maintenance of any of its assets or properties
if such discontinuance is permitted by the Credit Agreement.

(d) Each
Credit Party agrees, at its own expense, to execute, acknowledge, deliver and cause to be duly filed all such further instruments and
documents and take all such actions as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request to better assure, preserve,
protect and perfect the Security Interests in the Collateral and the rights and remedies created hereby, including taking of all actions
required by Section 8.6 of the Credit Agreement and the payment of any fees and taxes required in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the granting of the Security Interests in the Collateral hereunder and the filing of any financing statements
(including fixture filings) or other documents (including execution of agreements in the form of Exhibits II, III
and IV and filing such agreements with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office, as applicable)
in connection herewith or therewith; provided, however, that for so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, nothing in this Section 4.03(d) shall require any Credit Party to take perfection actions that are not
otherwise required under any other clauses of Article 3 or Article 4. If any amount payable to any Credit Party
under or in connection with any of the Article 9 Collateral shall be or become evidenced by any promissory note or other instrument
in excess of $5,000,000 (other than, at any time that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any promissory note
or other Pledged Debt with respect to any Mortgage Loan originated or acquired in the ordinary course of business), such note or instrument
shall be promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent, duly endorsed
in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e) Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement (including all limits on expense reimbursement set forth
therein), the Administrative Agent and such Persons as the Administrative Agent may reasonably designate shall have the right, at the
Credit Parties own cost and expense, to inspect the Article 9 Collateral, all material records related thereto (and to make
extracts and copies from such records) and the premises upon which any of the Article 9 Collateral is located, to discuss the Credit
Parties affairs with the officers of the Credit Parties and their independent accountants and to verify under reasonable procedures
the validity, amount, quality, quantity, value, condition and status of, or any other matter relating to, the Article 9 Collateral,
including (upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default or with the consent of the applicable Credit Party
(not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned)), in the case of Agency Collateral, MSR Assets or other Article 9 Collateral
in the possession of any third person, by contacting Account Debtors or the third person possessing such Article 9 Collateral for
the purpose of making such a verification. Subject to any confidentiality requirements set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative
Agent shall have the absolute right to share any information it gains from such inspection or verification with any Secured Party.

-28-

(f) During
the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, at its option, may (but shall have no obligation to) discharge past
due taxes, assessments, charges, fees or Liens at any time levied or placed on the Collateral and not permitted pursuant to the terms
and provisions of the Credit Agreement, and may pay for the maintenance and preservation of the Article 9 Collateral to the extent
any Credit Party fails to do so as required by the Credit Agreement or this Agreement, and each Credit Party jointly and severally agrees
to reimburse the Administrative Agent on demand for any payment made or any expense incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
the foregoing authorization; provided that nothing in this paragraph shall be interpreted as excusing any Credit Party from the
performance of, or imposing any obligation on the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party to cure or perform, any covenants or other
promises of any Credit Party with respect to taxes, assessments, charges, fees, Liens and maintenance as set forth in this Agreement
or in the other Loan Documents; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall not discharge any
past due taxes, assessments, charges, fees or Liens if being contested by one or more of the Credit Parties in accordance with the Credit
Agreement and the applicable Credit Party has notified the Administrative Agent in writing of such contest.

(g) If
at any time any Credit Party shall take a security interest in any property of an Account Debtor or any other Person with a value in
excess of $5,000,000 to secure payment and performance of any account (other than, at any time that no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, any mortgage or other security taken with respect to any Mortgage Loan originated or acquired in the ordinary
course of business), such Credit Party shall promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) assign such security interest
to the Administrative Agent. Such assignment need not be filed of public record unless necessary to continue the perfected status of
the security interest against creditors of and transferees from the Account Debtor or other Person granting the security interest.

(h) Each
Credit Party shall remain liable to observe and perform all the conditions and material obligations to be observed and performed by it
under each contract, agreement or instrument relating to the Collateral, all in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof, and
each Credit Party jointly and severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties
from and against any and all liability for such performance.

(i) None
of the Credit Parties shall make or permit to be made an assignment, pledge or hypothecation of the Collateral or shall grant any other
Lien in respect of the Collateral, or otherwise agree to enter into (or agree to enter into) a Negative Pledge, except to the extent
permitted by the Credit Agreement. None of the Credit Parties shall make or permit to be made any transfer of the Collateral except to
the extent permitted by the Credit Agreement, and each Credit Party shall remain at all times in possession of the Collateral owned by
it, except to the extent permitted by the Credit Agreement.

(j) Each
Credit Party irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints the Administrative Agent (and all officers, employees or agents designated by
the Administrative Agent) as such Credit Partys true and lawful agent (and attorney-in-fact) for the purpose, upon the occurrence
and during the continuation of an Event of Default, of making, settling and adjusting claims in respect of Article 9 Collateral
under policies of insurance, endorsing the name of such Credit Party on any check, draft, instrument or other item of payment for the
proceeds of such policies of insurance and for making all determinations and decisions with respect thereto. In the event that any Credit
Party at any time or times shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies of insurance required under the Credit Agreement or to
pay any premium in whole or part relating thereto, the Administrative Agent may, without waiving or releasing any obligation or liability
of the Credit Parties hereunder or any Event of Default, in its sole reasonable discretion, obtain and maintain such policies of insurance
and pay such premium and take any other actions with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent deems advisable. All sums disbursed
by the Administrative Agent in connection with this paragraph, including reasonable attorneys fees, court costs, out-of-pocket
expenses and other charges relating thereto, shall be payable, upon demand, by the Credit Parties to the Administrative Agent and shall
be additional Secured Obligations secured hereby.

-29-

(k) Without
limiting the generality of the covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement, each Credit Party shall comply fully with the covenants set
forth in Section 9.10 of the Credit Agreement.

Section 4.04Other
Actions. In order to ensure the attachment, perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Administrative Agent to enforce, the
Security Interest, each Credit Party agrees, in each case at such Credit Partys own expense, to take the following actions with
respect to the following Article 9 Collateral (but in no event with respect to any Excluded Assets):

(a)Instruments
and Tangible Chattel Paper. Each Credit Party represents and warrants that each instrument and each item of tangible-chattel
paper (as each such term is defined in the UCC) with a value in excess of $5,000,000 in existence on the date hereof and subject
to the Security Interest of this Agreement (other than any promissory note or other instrument with respect to any Mortgage Loan originated
or acquired in the ordinary course of business) has been properly endorsed, assigned and delivered to the Administrative Agent, accompanied
by instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank. If any Credit Party shall at any time hold or acquire any instruments
or chattel paper with a value in excess of $5,000,000, such Credit Party shall promptly (but in no event later than the
next Delivery Date) endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Administrative Agent, accompanied by such undated instruments of transfer
or assignment duly executed in blank as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

(b)Electronic
Chattel Paper and Transferable Records. If any Credit Party at any time holds or acquires an interest in any electronic chattel
paper or any transferable record, as that term is defined in Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, or in Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction
with a value in excess of $5,000,000, such Credit Party shall promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) notify the
Administrative Agent in writing thereof and, at the request of the Administrative Agent, shall take such action as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request to vest in the Administrative Agent control under UCC Section 9-105 of such electronic chattel paper
or control under Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or, as applicable, Section 16
of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as in effect in such jurisdiction, of such transferable record. The Administrative Agent
agrees with such Credit Party that the Administrative Agent will arrange, pursuant to procedures reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and so long as such procedures will not result in the Administrative Agents loss of control, for the Credit Party to make
alterations to the electronic chattel paper or transferable record permitted under UCC Section 9-105 or, as applicable, Section 201
of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act
for a party in control to allow without loss of control, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur after
taking into account any action by such Credit Party with respect to such electronic chattel paper or transferable record.

-30-

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Commercial
Tort Claims. If any Credit Party shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim in an amount reasonably estimated by such
Credit Party to exceed $5,000,000, such Credit Party shall promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) notify the Administrative
Agent thereof in a writing signed by such Credit Party including a summary description of such claim and grant to the Administrative
Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon
the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e)Accounts.
Other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past practice, no Credit Party will (i) amend, supplement, modify,
extend, compromise, settle, credit or discount any account or (ii) release, wholly or partially, any Account Debtor, except where
such extension, compromise, settlement, release, credit, discount, amendment, supplement or modification could not reasonably be expected,
either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the value of the accounts, taken as a whole.

Section 4.05Covenants
Regarding Patent, Trademark and Copyright Collateral.

(a) Each
Credit Party agrees that it will not do any act or omit to do any act (and will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to prevent its
licensees from doing any act or omitting to do any act) whereby any Patent that is material to the conduct of such Credit Partys
business would become invalidated or dedicated to the public, and agrees that it shall continue to mark any products covered by a Patent
with the relevant patent number as necessary and sufficient in its reasonable judgment to establish and preserve its material rights
under applicable patent laws.

(b) Each
Credit Party (either itself or by agreement with its licensees or its sublicensees) will, for each Trademark material to the conduct
of such Credit Partys business, (i) maintain such Trademark in full force free from any claim of abandonment or invalidity
for non-use, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the quality of products and services offered under such Trademark,
(iii) display such Trademark with notice of Federal or foreign registration (or, if such Trademark is unregistered, display such
Trademark with notice as required for unregistered Trademarks) as necessary and sufficient in its reasonable judgment to establish and
preserve its material rights under Applicable Laws and (iv) not knowingly use or knowingly permit the use of such Trademark in any
violation of any third party rights.

(c) Each
Credit Party (either itself or by agreement with its licensees or sublicensees) will, for each work covered by a Copyright material to
the conduct of such Credit Partys business, continue to publish, reproduce, display, adopt and distribute the work with appropriate
copyright notice as necessary and sufficient in its reasonable judgment to establish and preserve its material rights under applicable
copyright laws.

(d) Each
Credit Party shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) if it knows
that any Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights material to the conduct of its business could reasonably be expected to become abandoned,
lost or dedicated to the public, or of any materially adverse determination or development (including the institution of, or any such
determination or development in, any proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office or any
court or similar office of any country) regarding such Credit Partys ownership of any such Patent, Trademark or Copyright, its
right to register the same, or its right to keep and maintain the same.

-31-

(e) In
no event shall any Credit Party, either itself or through any agent, employee, licensee or designee, file an application with respect
to any Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights material to the conduct of its business with the United States Patent and Trademark Office,
United States Copyright Office or any office or agency in any political subdivision of the United States or in any other country or any
political subdivision thereof, unless it promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) informs the Administrative Agent
in writing and, upon request of the Administrative Agent, executes and delivers any and all agreements, instruments, documents and papers
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to evidence the Administrative Agents security interest in such Patents, Trademarks
or Copyrights, and each Credit Party hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact to execute and file such writings
as are reasonably necessary for the foregoing purposes, all acts of such attorney being hereby ratified and confirmed; such power, being
coupled with an interest, is irrevocable.

(f) Each
Credit Party will exercise commercially reasonable steps that are consistent with the practice in any proceeding before the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office or any office or agency in any political subdivision of the United States
or in any other country or any political subdivision thereof, to maintain and pursue each registration or application that is material
to the conduct of such Credit Partys business relating to the Patents, Trademarks and/or Copyrights (and to obtain the relevant
grant or registration) and to maintain each issued Patent and each registration of the Trademarks and Copyrights that is material to
the conduct of any Credit Partys business, including timely filings of applications for renewal, affidavits of use, affidavits
of incontestability and payment of maintenance fees, and, if in its reasonable business judgment, to initiate opposition, interference
and cancellation proceedings against third parties.

(g) In
the event that any Credit Party knows that any Article 9 Collateral consisting of a Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights material to
the conduct of any Credit Partys business has been or is about to be infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party, such
Credit Party shall promptly (but in no event later than the next Delivery Date) notify the Administrative Agent in writing and shall,
if in its reasonable business judgment, promptly sue for infringement, misappropriation or dilution and to recover any and all damages
for such infringement, misappropriation or dilution (and take any actions required by Applicable Law prior to instituting such suit),
and take such other actions as are appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Article 9 Collateral. Nothing in this Agreement
shall prevent any Credit Party from discontinuing the use or maintenance of any Article 9 Collateral consisting of a Patents, Trademarks
or Copyrights, or require any Credit Party to pursue any claim of infringement, misappropriation or dilution, if (x) such Credit
Party so determines in its reasonable business judgment and (y) it is not prohibited by the Credit Agreement.

(h) Upon
and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Credit Party shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all requisite consents or approvals by the licensor of each Copyright License, Patent License or Trademark
License to effect the assignment of all such Credit Partys right, title and interest thereunder to the Administrative Agent or
its designee.

Section 4.06Covenants
Related to Agency Collateral and MSR Assets. Subject at all times to the provisions of Article 8:

(a) Within
two (2) Business Days after receipt (or immediately upon withdrawal from the applicable custodial account held by any applicable
Credit Party in its capacity as Servicer at least once per calendar month), each Credit Party shall cause all Income received or retained
by it to be deposited directly into a Deposit Account subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement and, to the extent any Credit Party
is in possession or control of any Income not so deposited, shall hold such Income in trust for the Administrative Agent hereunder and
promptly deposit such Income into a Deposit Account subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement;

-32-

(b) Each
applicable Credit Party shall perform its obligations under and in accordance with the related Collateral Transaction Documents, Servicing
Contracts, and other Agency Agreements in all material respects, shall not waive any or all of its material rights thereunder (including
its rights to any Income) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent termination of such Credit Party by the applicable
Agency and Investor, except if such termination would not be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Collateral, taken
as a whole; and

(c) Without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, no Credit Party shall agree to any modification or amendment to the Collateral
Transaction Documents which may have a material adverse effect on the value of, or the Secured Parties interest in, the related
Collateral, taken as a whole; subject at all times, however, to the provisions of Article 8 hereunder and the
provisions of Section 9.12 of the Credit Agreement.

Section 4.07Deposit
Accounts and Securities Accounts. As of the date hereof each Credit Party has neither opened nor maintains any Deposit Accounts other
than the accounts listed on Schedule V. From and after the date hereof (or (x) in the case of any Deposit Account which was
an Excluded Account but ceases to constitute same, thirty (30) days after such cessation or (y) in each case, such longer period
as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), each of the Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) of
each Credit Party shall be subject to the terms of a fully executed Deposit Account Control Agreement. No Credit Party shall hereafter
establish or maintain any Deposit Account (other than an Excluded Account) unless (1) the applicable Credit Party shall have given
the Administrative Agent ten (10) days (or such other period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole
discretion) prior written notice of its intention to establish such new Deposit Account with a Cash Management Bank, (2) such Cash
Management Bank shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (3) such Cash Management Bank and such Credit Party
shall have duly executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to such Deposit Account
within thirty (30) days of its being established (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent agrees in its sole discretion). The
Administrative Agent agrees with each Credit Party that the Administrative Agent shall not give any instructions directing the disposition
of funds from time to time credited to any Deposit Account or withhold any withdrawal rights from such Credit Party with respect to funds
from time to time credited to any Deposit Account except upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default. No Credit
Party shall grant Control of any Deposit Account (other than Excluded Accounts) to any person other than the Administrative Agent. Each
Credit Party shall, promptly following a request of the Administrative Agent, provide it with a list of all Deposit Accounts (including
Excluded Accounts) then maintained by it and all other information relating thereto as may be reasonably requested.

(a) As
of the date hereof no Credit Party has any Securities Accounts other than those listed in Schedule VI, respectively. From and
after the date hereof (or such longer period as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent shall have a perfected
first priority security interest in such Securities Accounts by Control. No Credit Party shall hereafter establish and maintain any Securities
Account with any Securities Intermediary unless (1) the applicable Credit Party shall have given the Administrative Agent thirty
(30) days (or such other period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) prior written notice
of its intention to establish such new Securities Account with such securities intermediary, (2) such securities intermediary or
commodity intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (3) such securities intermediary and such
Credit Party shall have duly executed and delivered a Securities Account Control Agreement with respect to such Securities Account. The
Administrative Agent agrees with each Credit Party that the Administrative Agent shall not give any entitlement orders or instructions
or directions to any issuer of uncertificated securities or securities intermediary, and shall not withhold its consent to the exercise
of any withdrawal or dealing rights by such Credit Party, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, after giving
effect to any such investment and withdrawal rights, would occur. No Credit Party shall grant Control over any investment property to
any person other than the Administrative Agent. Each Credit Party shall, promptly following a request of the Administrative Agent, provide
it with a list of all Securities Accounts (including Excluded Accounts) then maintained by it and all other information relating thereto
as may be reasonably requested.

-33-

(b) The
provisions of this Section 4.07 (other than information provisions) shall not apply to any Excluded Accounts (as defined
below). For purposes of this clause (c), Excluded Accounts means (A) any Securities Account for which the Administrative
Agent is the securities intermediary, (B) any Deposit Account maintained solely for payroll purposes or holding solely restricted
cash in connection with self-insurance programs, (C) all accounts solely holding restricted cash in respect of Agency Requirements
and including, without limitation, any account the purpose of which is to hold reserves securing the Credit Parties loss sharing
obligations to Fannie Mae, (D) all accounts maintained solely as trust, escrow, payroll or similar accounts for the benefit of third
parties, (E) all accounts maintained solely for purposes of holding proceeds of Permitted Funding Collateral, (F) zero balance
accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business with amounts on deposit that do not exceed the amounts necessary to cover checks
written, or electronic funds transfers drawn, in the ordinary course of business and (G) so long as no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, any Deposit Accounts with an amount on deposit that does not exceed (1) $2,000,000 individually
or (2) when aggregated with the amounts on deposit in all other Deposit Accounts for which Deposit Account Control Agreements have
not been obtained (other than those specified in clauses (B) through (F) above), $5,000,000, in either case, at any time; provided
that, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount in these subsections (c)(G)(1) and (c)(G)(2) hereto shall be calculated net
of the amount of any pending wires and, to the extent not already netted from the account balance, post-dated wires drawn on the applicable
amount.

ARTICLE 5.

REMEDIES

Section 5.01Remedies
upon Default. Subject to Article 8, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative
Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, enforce against the Credit Parties their obligations
and liabilities hereunder and exercise such other rights and remedies as may be available to the Administrative Agent hereunder, under
the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Cash Management Agreements, the Hedge Agreements or otherwise. Upon the occurrence
and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Credit Party agrees to deliver each item of Collateral to the Administrative
Agent on demand, and it is agreed that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to take any of or all the following actions at the
same or different times: (a) with respect to any Article 9 Collateral consisting of Intellectual Property, on demand, to cause
the Security Interest to become an assignment, transfer and conveyance of any of or all such Article 9 Collateral by the applicable
Credit Parties to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties (provided that no such assignment shall
occur if it results in the termination, nullification or avoidance of such Intellectual Property) or to license or sublicense, whether
general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or nonexclusive basis, any such Article 9 Collateral throughout the world
on such terms and conditions and in such manner as the Administrative Agent shall determine (other than in violation of any then-existing
licensing arrangements to the extent that waivers cannot be obtained); (b) with or without legal process and with or without prior
notice or demand for performance, to take possession of the Article 9 Collateral and without liability for trespass to enter any
premises where the Article 9 Collateral may be located for the purpose of taking possession of or removing the Article 9 Collateral
and, generally, to exercise any and all rights afforded to a secured party under the UCC or other applicable law; and (c) such additional
rights and remedies to which a secured party is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, the right, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, to exercise all voting, consensual and other powers of ownership pertaining to the Pledged Securities as if
the Administrative Agent were the sole and absolute owner thereof (and each Credit Party agrees to take all such action as may be reasonably
appropriate to effect such right). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, each Credit Party agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have the right, subject to the mandatory requirements
of applicable law, to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Collateral at a public or private sale or at any brokers
board or on any securities exchange, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate.
Each such purchaser at any sale of Collateral shall hold the property sold absolutely, free from any claim or right on the part of any
Credit Party, and each Credit Party hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) all rights of redemption, stay and appraisal that
such Credit Party now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter enacted.

-34-

The Administrative
Agent shall give the applicable Credit Parties ten (10) days written notice (which each Credit Party agrees is reasonable
notice within the meaning of Section 9-611 of the UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions) of the Administrative Agents
intention to make any sale of Collateral. Such notice, in the case of a public sale, shall state the time and place for such sale and,
in the case of a sale at a brokers board or on a securities exchange, shall state the board or exchange at which such sale is
to be made and the day on which the Collateral, or portion thereof, will first be offered for sale at such board or exchange. Any such
public sale shall be held at such time or times within ordinary business hours and at such place or places as the Administrative Agent
may fix and state in the notice (if any) of such sale. At any such sale, the Collateral, or portion thereof, to be sold may be sold in
one lot as an entirety or in separate parcels, as the Administrative Agent may determine in its sole and absolute discretion. The Administrative
Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of any Collateral if it shall determine not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice
of sale of such Collateral shall have been given. The Administrative Agent may, without notice or publication, adjourn any public or
private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for sale, and such sale
may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which the same was so adjourned. In case any sale of all or any part of
the Collateral is made on credit or for future delivery, the Collateral so sold may be retained by the Administrative Agent until the
sale price is paid by the purchaser or purchasers thereof, but the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties shall not incur
any liability in case any such purchaser or purchasers shall fail to take up and pay for the Collateral so sold and, in case of any such
failure, such Collateral may be sold again upon like notice. At any public (or, to the extent permitted by law, private) sale made pursuant
to this Agreement, any Secured Party may bid for or purchase, free (to the extent permitted by law) from any right of redemption, stay,
valuation or appraisal on the part of any Credit Party (all said rights being also hereby waived and released to the extent permitted
by law), the Collateral or any part thereof offered for sale, and such Secured Party may, upon compliance with the terms of sale, hold,
retain and dispose of such property without further accountability to any Credit Party therefor. For purposes hereof, a written agreement
to purchase the Collateral or any portion thereof shall be treated as a sale thereof; the Administrative Agent shall be free to carry
out such sale pursuant to such agreement and no Credit Party shall be entitled to the return of the Collateral or any portion thereof
subject thereto, notwithstanding the fact that after the Administrative Agent shall have entered into such an agreement, all Events of
Default shall have been remedied and the Secured Obligations paid in full. As an alternative to exercising the power of sale herein conferred
upon it, the Administrative Agent may proceed by a suit or suits at law or in equity to foreclose this Agreement and to sell the Collateral
or any portion thereof pursuant to a judgment or decree of a court or courts having competent jurisdiction or pursuant to a proceeding
by a court-appointed receiver. Any sale pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.01 shall be deemed to conform to the
commercially reasonable standards as provided in Section 9-610(b) of the UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions.

-35-

Section 5.02Application
of Proceeds.

(a) The
Administrative Agent shall apply the proceeds of any collection or sale of Collateral pursuant to Section 11.4 of the Credit Agreement.

(b) Upon
any sale of Collateral by the Administrative Agent (including pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a judicial proceeding),
the receipt by the Administrative Agent or by the officer making the sale of any proceeds, moneys or balances of such sale shall be a
sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated
to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid over to the Administrative Agent or such officer or be answerable in
any way for the misapplication thereof. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Credit Party waives all claims, damages and demands
it may have against the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party arising out of the exercise by the Administrative Agent of any
of its rights hereunder, except for any claims, damages and demands it may have against the Administrative Agent arising from the willful
misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent.

(c) The
rights, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
are cumulative and shall be in addition to all rights, powers, privileges and remedies available to the Administrative Agent and any
other such Secured Party at law or in equity. Any such rights, powers and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised successively
or concurrently without impairing the rights of the Administrative Agent or any other such Secured Party hereunder.

(d) All
payments required to be made hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Secured Parties.

(e) For
purposes of applying payments received in accordance with this Section 5.02, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to
rely upon the respective Secured Parties for a determination (which respective Secured Parties agree (or shall agree) to provide upon
request of the Administrative Agent) of the outstanding Secured Obligations owed to the Lenders or other such Secured Parties, as the
case may be. Unless it has received written notice from a Lender or another Secured Party to the contrary, the Administrative Agent,
in acting hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Hedge Agreements and obligations under the Cash Management Agreements secured
hereunder are in existence.

(f) It
is understood that the Credit Parties shall remain jointly and severally liable to the extent of any deficiency between the amount of
the proceeds of the Collateral and the aggregate amount of the Secured Obligations.

Section 5.03Grant
of License To Use Intellectual Property. For the purpose of enabling the Administrative Agent to exercise rights and remedies under
this Agreement at such time as the Administrative Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, each Credit
Party grants to (in the Administrative Agents sole discretion) the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent
an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to the Credit Parties) to use, license
or sublicense (except as may not be permitted by applicable law or contract) any of the Article 9 Collateral consisting of Intellectual
Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Credit Party, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license reasonable
access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the
compilation or printout thereof. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the effectiveness of such license is contingent, and the use
of such license by the Administrative Agent shall be exercised, at the option of the Administrative Agent, only upon the occurrence and
during the continuation of an Event of Default; provided, that any license, sublicense or other transaction entered into by the
Administrative Agent in accordance herewith shall be binding upon the Credit Parties notwithstanding any subsequent cure of an Event
of Default.

-36-

Section 5.04Securities
Act. In view of the position of the Credit Parties in relation to the Pledged Securities, or because of other current or future circumstances,
a question may arise under the Securities Act of 1933, as now or hereafter in effect, or any similar statute hereafter enacted analogous
in purpose or effect (such Act and any such similar statute as from time to time in effect being called the Federal Securities
Laws) with respect to any disposition of the Pledged Securities permitted hereunder. Each Credit Party understands that compliance
with the Federal Securities Laws might very strictly limit the course of conduct of the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent
were to attempt to dispose of all or any part of the Pledged Securities, and might also limit the extent to which or the manner in which
any subsequent transferee of any Pledged Securities could dispose of the same. Similarly, there may be other legal restrictions or limitations
affecting the Administrative Agent in any attempt to dispose of all or part of the Pledged Securities under applicable blue sky
or other state securities laws or similar laws analogous in purpose or effect. Each Credit Party recognizes that in light of such restrictions
and limitations the Administrative Agent may, with respect to any sale of the Pledged Securities, limit the purchasers to those who will
agree, among other things, to acquire such Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment, and not with a view to the distribution
or resale thereof. Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that in light of such restrictions and limitations, the Administrative Agent,
in its sole and absolute discretion (a) may proceed to make such a sale whether or not a registration statement for the purpose
of registering such Pledged Securities or part thereof shall have been filed under the Federal Securities Laws and (b) may approach
and negotiate with a single potential purchaser to effect such sale. Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that any such sale might
result in prices and other terms less favorable to the seller than if such sale were a public sale without such restrictions. In the
event of any such sale, the Administrative Agent shall incur no responsibility or liability for selling all or any part of the Pledged
Securities at a price that the Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable under the
circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher price might have been realized if the sale were deferred until
after registration as aforesaid or if more than a single purchaser were approached. The provisions of this Section 5.04 will
apply notwithstanding the existence of a public or private market upon which the quotations or sales prices may exceed substantially
the price at which the Administrative Agent sells.

Section 5.05Agency
Collateral. The provisions of this Article 5 are subject to the provisions of Article 8.

ARTICLE 6.

INDEMNITY, SUBROGATION AND SUBORDINATION

Section 6.01Indemnity
and Subrogation. In addition to all rights of indemnity and subrogation as any Credit Party may have under applicable law (but in
each case subject to Section 6.03), each Credit Party agrees that: (a) in the event a payment of any Secured Obligation
shall be made by any Credit Party under this Agreement, the other Credit Party shall indemnify such Credit Party for the full amount
of such payment and such Credit Party shall be subrogated to the rights of the Person to whom such payment shall have been made to the
extent of such payment and (b) in the event any assets of any Credit Party shall be sold pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Security Document to satisfy in whole or in part any Secured Obligation owed to any Secured Party, each of the other Credit Parties shall
indemnify such Credit Party in an amount equal to the fair value of the assets so sold.

-37-

Section 6.02Contribution
and Subrogation. Each Credit Party agrees (subject to Section 6.03) that to the extent such Credit Party shall have paid
more than its proportionate share (based, to the maximum extent permitted by law, on the respective assets, liabilities and net worth
of such Credit Parties on the date the respective payment is made) of any payment made hereunder (whether as a guarantor hereunder, with
proceeds of the Collateral of any Credit Party applied hereunder deemed for this purpose to be payments made by it), such Credit Party
shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Credit Party hereunder that has not paid its proportionate
share of such payment. Each Credit Partys right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 6.03.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, any Credit Party that is released from this Agreement (and its guarantees contained
herein) in accordance with the express provisions of Section 7.14(b) shall thereafter have no contribution obligations,
or rights, pursuant to this Section 6.02, and at the time of any such release, the contribution rights and obligations of
the remaining Credit Parties shall be recalculated on the respective date of release (as otherwise provided herein) based on the payments
made hereunder by the remaining Credit Parties. Each Credit Partys right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions
of Section 6.03. The provisions of this Section 6.02 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities
of any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and each Credit Party shall remain liable to the Administrative
Agent and the other Secured Parties for the full amount guaranteed by such Credit Party hereunder.

Section 6.03Subordination.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, all rights of the Credit Parties under Sections 6.01 and 6.02
and all other rights of indemnity, contribution or subrogation under applicable law or otherwise shall be fully subordinated to the
indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Secured Obligations, and no Credit Party shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the
rights of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party against any other Credit Party or any collateral security or guarantee
or right of offset held by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party for the payment of any of the Secured Obligations, nor
shall any Credit Party seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from any other Credit Party in respect of payments
made by such Credit Party hereunder (or paid with proceeds of collateral of such Credit Party hereunder), until all amounts owing to
the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on account of the Secured Obligations are paid in full in cash, all Commitments
have been terminated and all Letters of Credit have expired or been terminated other than Letters of Credit which have been cash collateralized
in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
applicable Issuing Bank have been made. If any amount shall be paid to any Credit Party on account of such contribution or subrogation
rights at any time when all of the Secured Obligations shall not have been paid in full in cash, such amount shall be held by such Credit
Party in trust for the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, segregated from other funds of such Credit Party, and shall,
forthwith upon receipt by such Credit Party, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by such Credit Party
(duly indorsed by such Credit Party to the Administrative Agent, if required), to be held as collateral security for all of the Secured
Obligations (whether matured or unmatured) of, or guaranteed by, such Credit Party and/or then or at any time thereafter may be applied
against any Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine.

ARTICLE 7.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01Notices.
All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement) be in writing and given as
provided in Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, and with respect to communications with each Agency, as provided in Article 8
hereof; provided that no communication or notice hereunder from the Administrative Agent to any Credit Party upon the occurrence
and during the continuation of an Event of Default may be given by telephone.

-38-

Section 7.02Waivers;
Amendment.

(a) No
failure or delay by any Secured Party in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps
to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power; provided,
that no such single or partial exercise or abandonment or discontinuance shall prejudice any Credit Party in any material respect. The
rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights
or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision in this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Credit Party
therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 7.02,
and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice or demand
on any Credit Party in any case shall entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.

(b) Neither
this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified nor any consent be given except in accordance with Section 13.2
of the Credit Agreement.

Section 7.03Indemnification.

(a) The
Credit Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay all out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and
expenses) incurred by the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Party to the extent the Borrower would be required to do so pursuant
to Section 13.3 of the Credit Agreement.

(b) The
Credit Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay and shall indemnify each Indemnitee against Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes to the
extent the Borrower would be required to do so pursuant to Section 5.11 of the Credit Agreement.

(c) The
Credit Parties, jointly and severally, shall indemnify each Indemnitee to the extent the Borrower would be required to do so pursuant
to Section 13.3 of the Credit Agreement.

(d) Each
Credit Party hereby confirms its obligations under Section 13.3 of the Credit Agreement in all respects.

(e) Any
such amounts payable as provided hereunder shall be additional Secured Obligations secured hereby and by the other Loan Documents. The
provisions of this Section 7.03 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Secured
Obligations, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party. Any amounts due under this Section 7.03 shall
be payable on written demand therefor.

Section 7.04Successors
and Assigns. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the permitted
successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of any Credit Party to the Administrative
Agent that are contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns and shall inure
to the benefit of the other Secured Parties and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Credit Party may assign
or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties (except as otherwise provided by the Credit Agreement).

-39-

Section 7.05Survival
of Agreement. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Credit Parties in the Loan Documents and in the
certificates or other instruments prepared or delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties and shall survive the execution
and delivery of the Loan Documents, the making of the Loans, and the provision of services under Secured Cash Management Agreements or
Secured Hedge Agreements regardless of any investigation made by any Lender or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative
Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is
extended under the Credit Agreement, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest
on the Loans or any fee or any other amount payable under any of the Loan Documents is outstanding and unpaid (other than contingent
indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made).

Section 7.06Counterparts;
Effectiveness; Several Agreement; Other. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original
but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute single contract. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement
by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement
shall become effective as to any Credit Party when a counterpart hereof executed on behalf of such Credit Party shall have been delivered
to the Administrative Agent and a counterpart hereof shall have been executed on behalf of the Administrative Agent, and thereafter shall
be binding upon such Credit Party and the Administrative Agent and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and shall inure
to the benefit of such Credit Party, the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties and their respective successors and assigns,
except that no Credit Party shall have the right to assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest in this Agreement
or in the Collateral (and any such assignment or transfer shall be void) except as contemplated by this Agreement or the Credit Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed as a separate agreement with respect to each Credit Party and may be amended, modified, supplemented,
waived or released with respect to any Credit Party without the approval of any other Credit Party and without affecting the obligations
of any other Credit Party hereunder. In addition, each of the Credit Parties hereby agrees to be bound by and perform all of the covenants
and obligations of the Credit Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement.

Section 7.07Severability.
Any provision in this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions hereof; the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other
jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with
valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

Section 7.08Right
of Set-Off. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized
at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special,
time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for
the credit or the account of any Credit Party against any of and all the obligations of such Credit Party now or hereafter existing under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document owed to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be unmatured. The applicable Lender shall notify the
Borrower, the other Credit Parties and the Administrative Agent in writing of such setoff or application; provided that any failure
to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 7.08.
The rights of each Lender under this Section 7.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of
set-off) which such Lender may have.

-40-

Section 7.09Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Venue; Service of Process.

(a)Governing
Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon,
arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York.

(b)Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding
of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether relating to this Agreement or the transactions relating hereto in any forum
other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District
of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the
jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined
in such New York state court or, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect
any right that the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party may otherwise have to bring any action, litigation or proceeding relating
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Credit Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c)Waiver
of Venue. Each Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any objection
that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action, litigation or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 7.09. Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance
of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(d)Service
of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 13.1
of the Credit Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted
by Applicable Law.

(e)Appointment
of the Borrower as Agent for the Credit Parties. Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Borrower
to act as its agent for service of process and notices required to be delivered under this Agreement or under the other Loan Documents,
it being understood and agreed that receipt by the Borrower of any summons, notice or other similar item shall be deemed effective receipt
by such Subsidiary Guarantor and its Subsidiaries.

Section 7.10Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 7.10.

-41-

Section 7.11Injunctive
Relief. Each Credit Party recognizes that, in the event such Credit Party fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations
or liabilities under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any remedy of law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Administrative
Agent and the other Secured Parties. Therefore, each Credit Party agrees that the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties,
at the option of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief
in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages.

Section 7.12Headings.
Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not
part of this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

Section 7.13Security
Interest Absolute. All rights of the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Security Interest, the grant of a security interest in the
Pledged Securities and all obligations of each Credit Party hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (a) any
lack of validity or enforceability of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, any agreement with respect to any of the Secured
Obligations or any other agreement or instrument relating to any of the foregoing, (b) any change in the time, manner or place of
payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any
departure from the Credit Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument, (c) any exchange, release
or non-perfection of any Lien on other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent under or departure from any guarantee,
securing or guaranteeing all or any of the Secured Obligations or (d) any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense
available to, or a discharge of, any Credit Party in respect of the Secured Obligations or this Agreement (other than payment in full
of the Secured Obligations).

Section 7.14Termination
or Release.

(a) Subject
to Section 12.10 of the Credit Agreement, this Agreement and the guarantees made in this Agreement shall terminate and the Security
Interest and all other security interests granted hereby shall be automatically released when the Commitments have been terminated and
all Secured Obligations (other than (1) contingent indemnification obligations and (2) obligations and liabilities under Secured
Cash Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements) have been indefeasibly paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or
been terminated other than Letters of Credit which have been cash collateralized in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement
or as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank have been made.

(b) A
Subsidiary of the Credit Party immediately prior to the consummation of any transaction permitted by the Credit Agreement shall be released
from its obligations hereunder and the Security Interest in the Collateral of such Person shall be released upon the consummation of
any transaction permitted by the Credit Agreement as a result of which such Person ceases to be a Credit Party or a Subsidiary of a Credit
Party.

-42-

(c) Upon
any sale or other transfer by any Credit Party of any Collateral that is expressly permitted under the Credit Agreement to a Person other
than the Borrower or another Credit Party, or upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest granted
hereby in any Collateral pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the security interest in such Collateral
shall be automatically released. For the avoidance of doubt, immediately upon any sale or other transfer in the ordinary course of business
and substantially consistent with past practice by WDLLC, WD Capital, or any other applicable Credit Party under any applicable Agency
Agreement to any applicable Agency of any Mortgage Loan and any related assets (including, without limitation, any promissory note or
other related Pledged Debt with respect thereto and/or any interest in any related mortgaged property or other collateral thereof, but
expressly excluding all servicing Income then constituting Collateral pursuant to Article 8) that constitutes an Asset Disposition
expressly permitted by Section 9.5(f) of the Credit Agreement, any security interest therein shall be automatically released.

(d) In
connection with any termination or release pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), or (c) of this Section 7.14, the Administrative
Agent shall, upon five (5) Business Days written request (or such shorter period as may be permitted by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion) and upon delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower
certifying that such termination or release is permitted by the Loan Documents (including this Section 7.14), execute and
deliver to any Person, at such Persons expense, all documents that such Person shall reasonably request to evidence such termination
or release of its obligations or the security interests in its Collateral. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section 7.14
shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall, upon the Borrowers
reasonable request and at the Borrowers expense and upon delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certificate of a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower certifying that such termination or release is permitted by the Loan Documents (including this Section 7.14),
(x) deliver instruments of assurance confirming the non-existence of any Lien under the Loan Documents with respect to assets of
the Credit Parties described in the Credit Agreement that are excluded from the Collateral and (y) release any Lien granted to or
held by the Administrative Agent upon any Collateral: (I) constituting property in which no Credit Party owned an interest at the
time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter; (II) constituting property leased to a Credit Party under a lease which has
expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents or is about to expire and which has not been, and is not
intended by such Credit Party to be, renewed; or (III) consisting of an instrument or other possessory collateral evidencing Indebtedness
or other obligations pledged to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), if the Indebtedness or obligations
evidenced thereby has been paid in full or otherwise superseded.

Section 7.15Additional
Subsidiaries. In accordance with Section 8.14 of the Credit Agreement, each Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary that is designated
as an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.14(d)(i) or Section 8.14(f), as applicable, of
the Credit Agreement) that is formed or acquired subsequent to the date hereof or any Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary but
has been redesignated or reclassified pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.14(d)(ii) of the Credit Agreement shall
be required to enter in this Agreement as a Subsidiary Guarantor promptly as and when required pursuant to Section 8.14 of the Credit
Agreement. Upon execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent and such Subsidiary Guarantor of an instrument in the form of Exhibit I,
such Subsidiary Guarantor shall become a Credit Party and Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally
so named in this Agreement. The execution and delivery of any such instrument shall not require the consent of any other Credit Party
hereunder. The rights and obligations of each Credit Party hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition
of any new Credit Party as a party to this Agreement.

-43-

Section 7.16Administrative
Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. Each Credit Party hereby appoints the Administrative Agent and any officer or agent thereof as
the attorney-in-fact of such Credit Party for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and
executing any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment
is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall have the
right, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, with full power of substitution either in the Administrative
Agents name or in the name of such Credit Party: (a) to receive, endorse, assign and/or deliver any and all notes, acceptances,
checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment relating to the Collateral or any part thereof; (b) to demand, collect,
receive payment of, give receipt for and give discharges and releases of all or any of the Collateral; (c) to sign the name of any
Credit Party on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Collateral; (d) to send verifications of accounts receivables
to any Account Debtor; (e) to commence and prosecute any and all suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court
of competent jurisdiction to collect or otherwise realize on all or any of the Collateral or to enforce any rights in respect of any
Collateral; (f) to settle, compromise, compound, adjust or defend any actions, suits or proceedings relating to all or any of the
Collateral; (g) to notify, or to require any Credit Party to notify, the Account Debtor of the pledge and assignment of the related
Collateral to the Administrative Agent hereunder and to make payment directly to the Administrative Agent; and (h) to use, sell,
assign, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with all or any of the Collateral, and to do all other
acts and things necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, as fully and completely as though the Administrative Agent were
the absolute owner of the Collateral for all purposes; provided that nothing in this Agreement contained shall be construed as
requiring or obligating the Administrative Agent to make any commitment or to make any inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any
payment received by the Administrative Agent, or to present or file any claim or notice, or to take any action with respect to the Collateral
or any part thereof or the moneys due or to become due in respect thereof or any property covered thereby. The Administrative Agent and
the other Secured Parties shall be accountable only for amounts actually received as a result of the exercise of the powers granted to
them in this Agreement, and neither they nor their officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to any Credit Party
for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Credit Party hereby ratifies
all that said attorneys shall lawfully due or cause to be done in accordance with this Section 7.16.

Section 7.17 Further
Assurances. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the parties hereto agree to comply with the requirements set forth in
Section 8.18 of the Credit Agreement.

Section 7.18Administrative
Agent. The Administrative Agent shall act in accordance with the provisions of Article XII of the Credit Agreement, the provisions
of which shall been deemed incorporated by reference herein as fully as if set forth in their entirety herein. Each Secured Party, by
accepting the benefits of this Agreement, agrees to the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement and
agrees to each of the provisions of Article XII of the Credit Agreement, including as same apply to the actions of the Administrative
Agent hereunder.

Section 7.19Advice
of Counsel, No Strict Construction. Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed this Agreement
with its counsel. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.

Section 7.20Acknowledgements.
Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges that:

(a) it
has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and has reviewed and understands the same;

-44-

(b) neither
the Administrative Agent nor any other Secured Party has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Credit Party arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between the Credit Parties, on the one hand,
and the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of
debtor and creditor; and

(c) no
joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby among the Secured Parties or among the Credit Parties and the Secured Parties.

Section 7.21[Reserved].

Section 7.22Secured
Parties. Each Secured Party not a party to the Credit Agreement who obtains the benefit of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, and that with respect
to the actions and omissions of the Administrative Agent hereunder or otherwise relating hereto that do or may affect such Secured Party,
the Administrative Agent and each of its Affiliates shall be entitled to all the rights, benefits and immunities conferred under Article XII
of the Credit Agreement.

ARTICLE 8.

SPECIAL PROVISIONS RESPECTING AGENCY COLLATERAL

Section 8.01Special
Fannie Mae Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision herein or any other Security Document to the contrary, and as further provided
in Section 9.12, Section 10.4(a), Section 11.7, the final paragraph of Section 13.1(a), the final paragraph of Section 13.2,
and Section 13.26 of the Credit Agreement, the provisions of this Section 8.01 shall apply in all events with respect
to: (i) the Fannie Mae Collateral; (ii) the Pledged Equity Interests provided by: (1) W&D Multifamily
in WDLLC and (2) by WDLLC in WD Capital, respectively, pursuant to Article 2 hereof; (iii) the guarantees provided
by WDLLC and WD Capital, respectively pursuant to Article 2 hereof; and (iv) the other terms, conditions, notice requirements,
limitations, and agreements with respect to the Fannie Mae Security Interests granted to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of
the Secured Parties) in the Fannie Mae Collateral relating to the Fannie Mae Designated Loans under this
Agreement and/or any other Security Document (as each of such quoted terms is defined below). In providing its Agency Consent, it is
hereby acknowledged that Fannie Mae is relying, and such Agency Consent by Fannie Mae is expressly conditioned, upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Section 8.01 and in Section 9.12, Section 10.4(a), Section 11.7, the final paragraph of
Section 13.1(a), the final paragraph of Section 13.2, and Section 13.26 of the Credit Agreement. In the event of any conflict
between the provisions of this Section 8.01 and the provisions of any other Loan Document or any other provision of this
Agreement, the provisions of this Section 8.01 shall control. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (on behalf
of the Secured Parties) and each Credit Party expressly acknowledge and agree as follows:

(a)Fannie
Mae Security Interest in Fannie Mae Collateral.

(i) Each
Credit Party hereby reaffirms and confirms the security interest granted pursuant to the Existing Security Agreement and also grants
to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest (the Fannie Mae Security Interest)
in the following (the Fannie Mae Collateral) to secure payment and performance of the Secured Obligations: all servicing
Income (including, without limitation, Ancillary Income and Servicing Fees) actually received under the Fannie Mae Servicing Contracts,
respectively, by such Credit Party with respect to the Fannie Mae Loans (the Fannie Mae Designated Loans) serviced
at any time and from time to time under the respective Fannie Mae Servicing Contracts, together with any other Income received on account
of payments made by a third party (other than Fannie Mae) thereunder, but not the Fannie Mae Servicing Contracts or any other income
(including, without limitation, principal and interest) related to the Fannie Mae Designated Loans. The Administrative Agents
security interest is subject and subordinate to all rights, remedies, powers and prerogatives of Fannie Mae under all applicable Fannie
Mae Agreements, including but not limited to Fannie Maes right to terminate WDLLCs and WD Capitals selling and servicing
rights with respect to the Fannie Mae Designated Loans as provided in the respective Fannie Mae Agreements. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent acknowledges that (x) its security interest is subject to the rights of Fannie
Mae, which must approve the Administrative Agents security interest (with such approval being given by Fannie Mae in the Agency
Consent provided by Fannie Mae to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date) and (y) Fannie Maes Agency Consent
is not and shall not extend to, be deemed to be or be construed as, Fannie Maes consent or approval of Administrative Agents
exercise of any right, power, or remedy with respect to the Fannie Mae Security Interest or the Fannie Mae Collateral from time to time
(with such approval, to the extent required by the terms hereof, to be granted or withheld in Fannie Maes sole and absolute discretion).

-45-

(ii) Each
Credit Party authorizes the Administrative Agent to file such financing statements as the Administrative Agent deems reasonably necessary
to perfect the Fannie Mae Security Interest in the Fannie Mae Collateral.

(iii) Subject
to Section 8.01(a)(i), each Credit Party hereby irrevocably appoints (which appointment is coupled with an interest) the
Administrative Agent, or its delegate, as the attorney in fact of each such Credit Party, with the right (but not the duty) from time
to time, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (1) create, prepare, complete, execute,
deliver, endorse or file, in the name and on behalf of such Credit Party, any and all instruments, documents, financing statements, applications
for insurance and other agreements and writings required to be obtained, executed, delivered or endorsed by such Credit Party under this
Section 8.01(a)(iii); (2) convert the Fannie Mae Collateral into cash, including, without limitation, the sale (either
public or private) of all or any portion or portions of the Fannie Mae Collateral; (3) enforce collection of the Fannie Mae Collateral,
either in its own name or in the name of any applicable Credit Party, including, without limitation, executing releases and prosecuting,
defending, compromising or releasing any action relating to the Fannie Mae Collateral; (4) take such other actions as the Administrative
Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to continue the perfection and priority of its security interest or to realize upon the Fannie
Mae Collateral (the foregoing acts, remedies, and powers being referred to herein sometimes, singly and collectively, as Enforcement
Actions Respecting Fannie Mae Collateral); and (5) to cause any applicable Credit Party to undertake and effect any Specified
Sale of the Fannie Mae Program Assets as and when further provided herein. The Administrative Agent shall not be obliged to do any of
the acts or exercise any of the powers hereinabove authorized, but if the Administrative Agent elects to do any such act or exercise
any such power, it shall not be accountable for more than it actually receives as a result of such exercise of power, and it shall not
be responsible to any Credit Party or any other Person except for gross negligence, willful misconduct, or actual bad faith.

-46-

(iv) To
the extent that the respective Fannie Mae Designated Loans remain subject to the Fannie Mae Agreements, the applicable Credit Party will
remain the servicer of the Fannie Mae Designated Loans and will continue to service the Fannie Mae Designated Loans in accordance with
Fannie Mae Agreements. Such Credit Party shall not pledge (or, except as may be expressly provided in the Credit Agreement, enter into
(or agree to enter into) a Negative Pledge respecting) any of its respective servicing rights with respect to any of the Fannie Mae Designated
Loans to any other Person.

(v) The
Administrative Agent has no right to service the Fannie Mae Designated Loans or affect the manner in which any Credit Party services
the Fannie Mae Designated Loans. If Fannie Mae terminates any Credit Partys respective servicing rights with respect to the Fannie
Mae Designated Loans, the grant of the Fannie Mae Security Interest by such Credit Party hereunder will terminate automatically, and
the Administrative Agent will release its Lien created by such Fannie Mae Security Interest and execute and file all necessary documents
to reflect such release; provided, however, that no such termination (and no such release) shall relate to, or otherwise
affect, (A) the Fannie Mae Security Interest granted by any other Credit Party or (B) the Fannie Mae Security Interest respecting
Fannie Mae Collateral comprised of servicing Income then accrued or otherwise earned by such Credit Party through the date that Fannie
Mae provides written notice to the Administrative Agent that such servicing rights of such Credit Party shall have been so terminated
with respect to such Fannie Mae Designated Loans (which accrued and earned servicing Income shall in all events remain Fannie Mae Collateral),
with such termination (and such release) relating only to servicing Income accruing or otherwise earned by such Credit Party, from and
after the date of such written notice of termination to the Administrative Agent.

-47-

(vi) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default for thirty (30) days or more, and the exercise by the Administrative
Agent of its rights under Section 11.2 of the Credit Agreement, Article 5 hereof, and this Section 8.01,
the Administrative Agent may: (A) direct that all Servicing Fees payable to any Credit Party with respect to the Fannie Mae Designated
Loans be deposited into lockbox accounts held by the Administrative Agent; (B) in its own name, in the name of such Credit Party
or otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange
for any of the Fannie Mae Collateral, but the Administrative Agent has no obligation to do so; (C) by written notice to such Credit
Party, direct such Credit Party to sell the selling and servicing rights to the Fannie Mae Designated Loans (in which event such Credit
Party shall (or, as may be applicable, the Administrative Agent, on account of any realization of the Specified Pledged Equity Interests
(as defined below) may cause such Credit Party to): (x) retain a nationally recognized firm that specializes in the sale of Fannie
Mae selling and servicing rights and other assets that are used in or related to any Fannie Mae Program (collectively, the Fannie
Mae Program Assets) (which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (y) sell the selling and
servicing rights and related Fannie Mae Program Assets respecting the Fannie Mae Designated Loans to another Fannie Mae lender/servicer
within sixty (60) days of such notice from the Administrative Agent) (with the actions set forth in this clause (C) being referred
to herein as the Specified Sale of Fannie Mae Program Assets); and (D) exercise and enforce any or all rights
and remedies available upon default to the Administrative Agent under the UCC, at law or in equity, subject to the consent rights of
Fannie Mae as set forth in this Section 8.01. Any sale of such selling or servicing rights and other related Fannie Mae Program
Assets respecting the Fannie Mae Designated Loans must and shall be subject to the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, which consent
may be granted or withheld in Fannie Maes sole and absolute discretion. All proceeds of such sale will be applied first to the
expenses of the sale, then to any amounts due to Fannie Mae from such Credit Party under the Servicing Contracts sold, and then to the
outstanding balance of the Secured Obligations (as provided in Section 11.4 of the Credit Agreement), with any remaining balance
remitted to the Borrower. Fannie Mae shall have no obligation to comply with any directions of the Administrative Agent or to alter in
any way servicing requirements, flows of funds, or accounting of servicing. Subject at all times to the consent rights of Fannie Mae
in accordance with the terms hereof, JPMorgan (or any designee of JPMorgan approved in writing by Fannie Mae in its sole and absolute
discretion) may seek approval from Fannie Mae: (i) to acquire Fannie Mae Program Assets as a result of any Specified Sale of Fannie
Mae Program Assets and/or (ii) in connection with the realization of the Specified Pledged Equity Interests under the Specified
Ownership Interest Pledge, to cause any applicable Credit Party to retain its respective Fannie Mae Program Assets as further provided
in Section 8.01(b)(ii) below (collectively, as may be applicable, Retention of Fannie Mae Program Assets).

(vii) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default for thirty (30) days or more, the Administrative Agent or its designee
is entitled to receive and collect all sums payable to any applicable Credit Party in respect of the Fannie Mae Collateral, and, in such
case: (A) the Administrative Agent or its designee in its discretion may, in its own name, in the name of such Credit Party, or
otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange for
any of the Fannie Mae Collateral, but the Administrative Agent has no obligation to do so, (B) such Credit Party must, if the Administrative
Agent requests it to do so, hold in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and immediately pay to the Administrative Agent at its
office designated by notice, all amounts received by such Credit Party upon or in respect of any of the Fannie Mae Collateral, advising
the Administrative Agent as to the source of those funds, and (C) all amounts so received and collected by the Administrative Agent
will be held by it as part of the Fannie Mae Collateral.

-48-

(viii) Unless
Fannie Mae, in its sole and absolute discretion, approves any request by the Administrative Agent that a Retention of Fannie Mae Program
Assets be permitted, the Administrative Agent agrees that within one hundred eighty (180) days after the Administrative Agent is entitled
to commence the exercise of its rights and remedies against the Fannie Mae Collateral upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (after
the expiration of any and all applicable grace and cure periods, applicable notice periods, and applicable waivers), the Administrative
Agent shall seek: (A) to realize upon the Fannie Mae Collateral pursuant to one or more Enforcement Actions Respecting Fannie Mae
Collateral and (B) to cause the Specified Sale of Fannie Mae Program Assets by WDLLC or WD Capital, as applicable, subject to Fannie
Maes consent rights in accordance with the terms hereof (the specified actions in clauses (A) and (B) being referred
to herein sometimes, collectively, as the Specified Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions); provided, however,
that the Administrative Agent may have an additional one hundred eighty (180) days to complete such Specified Fannie Mae Enforcement
Actions (or such longer period as may be reasonably required in order to comply with any applicable Debtor Relief Law or other law, rule or
regulation), if the Administrative Agent certifies to Fannie Mae that it is in the process of and is diligently working toward completion
of such Specified Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions or that such additional time is necessary for compliance with such Debtor Relief Law
or other law, rule or regulation (the Fannie Mae Disposition Period); provided further, however,
that, subject to the consent rights of Fannie Mae in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent, in exercising the Specified
Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions shall (other than in connection with a Retention of Fannie Mae Program Assets which has been approved
by Fannie Mae) sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise divest itself of any and all of any applicable Credit Partys Fannie Mae Program
Assets over which the Administrative Agent may obtain control pursuant to such exercise of remedies (which sale, assignment, transfer
or other divestment, including the terms of the transaction and the identity of the purchaser, assignee, or other recipient, including
JPMorgan or any of its affiliates, if the Administrative Agent or any such affiliate desires to acquire ownership of any of the Fannie
Mae Program Assets, will be subject to approval by Fannie Mae in its sole and absolute discretion). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, the Fannie Mae Disposition Period shall be stayed during any time that the Administrative Agent is unable to commence or complete
the specified Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions as a result of the imposition of the automatic stay or any similar provision
of a Debtor Relief Law. None of the foregoing shall in any way limit Fannie Maes termination rights under the Fannie Mae Agreements,
and in any event, the failure to timely complete the Specified Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions within the Fannie Mae Disposition Period
(other than in connection with a Retention of Fannie Mae Program Assets which has been approved by Fannie Mae) shall be cause for termination
by Fannie Mae under the applicable Fannie Mae Agreements, and no fee shall be payable by Fannie Mae with respect to any such termination.
For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.01 to the contrary, as part of the Specified Sale
of Fannie Mae Program Assets, as provided above, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose
of the underlying Specified Pledged Equity Interests so long as the Administrative Agent, as part of any Specified Sale of Program Assets,
shall sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise divest itself of any and all of such Credit Partys Fannie Mae Program Assets as and
when provided above (other than in connection with a Retention of Fannie Mae Program Assets by the Administrative Agent (or any designee
of the Administrative Agent) which has been approved in writing by Fannie Mae); provided, however, to the extent the Administrative
Agent does not timely comply with its obligations hereunder concerning any such Specified Sale of the Fannie Mae Program Assets during
the Fannie Mae Disposition Period (but not otherwise), then the Administrative Agent shall be required to sell or otherwise transfer
or dispose of the Specified Pledged Equity Interests.

(ix) To
the extent any amounts are received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.01, all rights of any applicable
Credit Party against any other Credit Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement,
indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full
in cash of all the Secured Obligations.

(x) For
the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent confirms that notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document
to the contrary: Excluded Accounts hereunder include, without limitation, all custodial, clearing, suspense, escrow, or
other accounts in which WDLLC or WD Capital, respectively, deposits or holds funds received from borrowers under Fannie Mae Loans serviced
by WDLLC or WD Capital, respectively, on behalf of Fannie Mae, and such Excluded Accounts are not, and shall not constitute, Collateral
hereunder.

-49-

(xi) Upon
the Administrative Agents request, each Credit Party shall provide the Administrative Agent with copies of any books and records
expressly relating to Income comprising the Fannie Mae Collateral. However, for the avoidance of doubt, such books and records do not
constitute Collateral hereunder, and in no event shall Fannie Maes access thereto be restricted in any respect.

(b)Pledged
Equity Interest in WDLLC and WD Capital. With respect to the Pledged Equity Interests and related Pledged Securities (the Specified
Pledged Equity Interests) provided to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) by: (1) W&D
Multifamily with respect to WDLLC and (2) by WDLLC with respect to WD Capital (WDLLC and WD Capital, in such capacity, the Specified
Pledged Entities), pursuant to Article 3 hereof (singly and collectively, with respect to the pledged ownership
interests of such entities provided pursuant to Article 3, the Specified Ownership Interest Pledge),
the following provisions shall be applicable:

(i) As
used in this Section 8.01(b), Credit Agreement Default means the occurrence of an Event of Default
under the Credit Agreement: (A) of which, except in the limited circumstance described below in this definition, the Administrative
Agent has given Fannie Mae notice in accordance with Section 8.01(d), hereof (each such notice, a Fannie Mae Notice
of Default), (B) if such Event of Default has occurred pursuant to Section 11.1(a) or (b) of the Credit
Agreement, and no more than one (1) such Event of Default has occurred during the life of any Loan (i.e., if such an Event
of Default occurs more than once, it shall be a Credit Agreement Default immediately hereunder), the Administrative Agent shall not have
received payment of an amount equal to the amount the Borrower and the other Credit Parties failed to pay (including interest thereon
at the rate provided in the Credit Agreement) that gave rise to such Event of Default within thirty (30) days after the applicable Fannie
Mae Notice of Default, and (C) if such Event of Default has occurred under any other subsection of Section 11.1 of the Credit
Agreement, other than Sections 11.1(h), (i), (j) or (k) of the Credit Agreement (the occurrence of any of such Events of Default
constituting a Credit Agreement Default immediately hereunder upon the giving of the applicable Fannie Mae Notice of Default, and without
such Fannie Mae Notice of Default if the Event of Default is under Section 11.1(i) or (j) of the Credit Agreement), unless
(x) the Administrative Agent in good faith determines that, if the Event of Default would be susceptible of cure (if such cure was
permitted beyond any cure period already provided in the Credit Agreement), (y) the cure of such Event of Default as a Credit Agreement
Default hereunder shall have been commenced immediately upon the giving of the applicable Fannie Mae Notice of Default and been completed
with thirty (30) days of such Fannie Mae Notice of Default or, if curable in a longer period not to exceed ninety (90) days, is so cured
within such ninety (90) day period and such cure has been diligently pursued since the applicable Fannie Mae Notice of Default, and (z) no
more than two (2) such Events of Defaults have occurred during the life of any Loan (i.e., if an Event of Default occurs
under any one or more subsections of Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement applicable under this clause (C) more than twice,
it shall be a Credit Agreement Default immediately hereunder). Nothing herein shall be deemed to give the Borrower or any other Credit
Party any grace, notice or cure periods or rights under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document other than as may already be
set forth therein.

-50-

(ii) Without
limiting the provisions of Section 8.01(a), and subject to the limitations in Section 8.01(b)(vi), the Administrative
Agent shall have the right, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuation of a Credit Agreement Default, in its discretion
and without notice to the Borrower or any other Credit Party (but with notice to, and the prior written consent of, Fannie Mae, which
may be granted or withheld in Fannie Maes sole and absolute discretion), to transfer to or to register in the name of the Administrative
Agent or any of its nominees any or all of the Specified Pledged Equity Interests pursuant to the exercise of its rights and remedies
hereunder on account of the Specified Ownership Interest Pledge; provided that if the Administrative Agent (or any designee of
the Administrative Agent) has been approved in writing by Fannie Mae to acquire the Fannie Mae Program Assets as a result of any Specified
Sale of Fannie Mae Program Assets pursuant to Section 8.01(a)(vi), through a Retention of Fannie Mae Program Assets or otherwise,
Fannie Maes consent to transfer the Specified Pledged Equity to the Administrative Agent or such designee shall be deemed to have
been granted. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall have the right at any time to exchange certificates or instruments representing
or evidencing Specified Pledged Equity Interests for certificates or instruments of smaller or larger denominations.

(iii) Without
limiting the provisions of Section 8.01(a), and subject to the limitations in Section 8.01(b)(vi), upon the occurrence
and during the continuation of an Event of Default, upon written notice from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the other Credit
Parties and the prior written consent of Fannie Mae (which may be granted or withheld in Fannie Maes sole and absolute discretion),
all rights of W&D Multifamily and WDLLC, respectively, to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which each would otherwise
be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 3.05(a)(i) hereof shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become
vested in the Administrative Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights.

(iv) If
the Administrative Agent takes possession of any of the Fannie Mae Program Assets following an exercise of its remedies hereunder, the
Administrative Agent will at all times pending disposition as required under Section 8.01(a)(viii) above permit WDLLC
and WD Capital, as applicable, to continue to perform the respective obligations of WDLLC and WD Capital, as applicable, under the Fannie
Mae Agreements and to continue the operations relating to the Fannie Mae Programs substantially as conducted prior to such exercise of
remedies, without material change in process, systems, or personnel at the direction of the Administrative Agent; provided, however,
that (A) any Mortgage Loan proposed to be delivered by WDLLC to Fannie Mae during the Fannie Mae Disposition Period will be subject
to pre-review by Fannie Mae; (B) subject to the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, which consent may be granted or withheld in
Fannie Maes sole and absolute discretion, the Administrative Agent may have an interim servicer acceptable to Fannie Mae perform
such respective obligations of such Credit Party, as may be applicable, during the Fannie Mae Disposition Period; and (C) nothing
herein shall require any of the Administrative Agent, any Secured Party, or any applicable Credit Party to utilize its own funds or credit
in connection with the foregoing.

(v) Without
limiting the provisions of Section 8.01(a), and subject to the limitations in Section 8.01(b)(vi), the Borrower
and each other Credit Party further acknowledge that: (A) except as expressly provided in Section 8.01(b)(ii), any change
in the direct or indirect ownership of any Specified Pledged Entity is subject to the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, which consent
may be granted or withheld in Fannie Maes sole and absolute discretion; (B) any such change that may occur without Fannie
Maes prior written consent would constitute a breach of any Specified Pledged Entitys Fannie Mae Agreements that could
lead to termination of any Specified Pledged Entitys participation in the Fannie Mae Programs; and (C) any such private sales
may be at prices and on terms less favorable than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions (including, without
limitation, a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the Federal Securities Laws) and, notwithstanding such
circumstances, the Borrower and each other Credit Party agree that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially
reasonable manner and that the Administrative Agent and Secured Parties shall have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation
to delay the sale of any Specified Pledged Equity Interest for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register
it for a form of public sale requiring registration under the Federal Securities Laws or under applicable state securities laws, even
if such issuer would, or should, agree to so register it.

-51-

(vi) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 8.01, subsequent to any approval by Fannie Mae of any sale, transfer, or other disposition
(and subsequent consummation of the transactions effecting such sale, transfer, or other disposition) of: (1) the Fannie Mae Collateral
on account of Enforcement Actions Respecting Fannie Mae Collateral and (2) the Specified Sale of Fannie Mae Program Assets, all
subject to Fannie Maes consent rights, pursuant to the Specified Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions as provided herein, then, so long
as the Specified Pledged Entities no longer serve as an originator or servicer under the Fannie Mae Programs and have no ongoing obligations
to Fannie Mae under the Fannie Mae Agreements, no other or further consent or approval from Fannie Mae shall thereafter be required with
respect to any change in ownership of any Specified Pledged Entity.

(vii) For
the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.01 to the contrary: (A) as part of the Specified
Sale of Fannie Mae Program Assets, as provided above, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to sell or otherwise transfer or
dispose of the underlying Specified Pledged Equity Interests and (B) nothing in this Section 8.01 shall require any
of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party to utilize its own funds or credit in connection with the exercise of any rights and
remedies hereunder; provided, that nothing in this clause (B) shall limit or otherwise modify or affect any duties, obligations,
covenants or agreements of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party pursuant to this Section 8.01.

(c)Guaranties
by WDLLC and WD Capital. With respect to the guarantees provided by WDLLC and WD Capital (singly and collectively, the Specified
Guarantors), respectively, pursuant to Article 2 hereof (singly and collectively, the Specified Guarantee),
the following provision shall be applicable:

(i) Without
limiting the unlimited and unconditional nature of each Specified Guarantee (which shall remain unaffected by the provisions of this
Section 8.01(c)), the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) hereby acknowledges and agrees that, in exercising
its rights, remedies, powers, privileges and discretions against Specified Guarantors, the Administrative Agent shall not seek to obtain
any collateral interest in any property or other asset of any Specified Guarantor relating in any way to the Fannie Mae Loans which does
not comprise the Fannie Mae Collateral and the Specified Pledged Equity Interests granted to the Administrative Agent hereunder or under
any other Security Document (subject to the provisions of this Section 8.01) or otherwise contrary to the provisions of Section 8.01(a) or
Section 8.01(b) hereof; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be deemed or construed to modify,
limit, or waive the rights, remedies, powers, privileges, or discretions of the Administrative Agent: (1) pursuant to the provisions
of Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(b) hereof, including, without limitation, with respect to the Specified
Fannie Mae Enforcement Actions or (2) with respect to any other Collateral under this Agreement not relating to the Fannie Mae Loans.

-52-

(d)Notices
to Fannie Mae. Copies of all notices and other documentation required to be delivered to Fannie Mae pursuant to the Credit Agreement,
this Agreement, and any other applicable Loan Document, including, without limitation, notices or other communications asserting a breach,
default, or Event of Default or potential breach, default or Event of Default thereunder, shall be delivered to Fannie Mae at the following
address:

Fannie Mae

1100 15th Street, NW

Washington, DC 20005

Attention: Vice President, Portfolio Analytics & Counterparty Risk 

Email: lender_risk_management@fanniemae.com

with a copy to:

Fannie Mae

1100 15th Street, NW

Washington, DC 20005

Attention: Vice President of Multifamily Legal

Email: mf_mbb_legal_notice@fanniemae.com

(e)Limitation
of Fannie Maes Agency Consent. The parties hereto acknowledge that Fannie Maes Agency Consent is not and shall not
extend to, be deemed to be or be construed as, Fannie Maes consent, approval, or acknowledgment to any amendment, waiver, modification,
or other alteration to any of Section 9.12, Section 10.4(a), Section 11.7, the final paragraph of Section 13.1(a),
the final paragraph of Section 13.2, and Section 13.26 of the Credit Agreement, or this Section 8.01 of this Agreement,
or any other provision of the Credit Agreement, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document which references or relates to such Sections,
or relates to or refers to Fannie Mae, the Fannie Mae Agreements, the Fannie Mae Program, or any right, obligation or other interest
of any Credit Party under any Fannie Mae Agreements, which amendments or modifications shall be subject to the restrictions contained
in this Agreement, the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, the final paragraph of Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement),
and terms of the Fannie Mae Agreements.

Section 8.02Special
Freddie Mac Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision herein or any other Security Document to the contrary, and as further provided
in Sections 10.4(b) and 11.8 of the Credit Agreement, the provisions of this Section 8.02 shall apply in all events
with respect to: (i) the Freddie Mac Collateral (as defined below); (ii) the Specified Pledged Equity Interests
and the Specified Ownership Interest Pledge thereof; (iii) the Specified Guarantee; and (iv) any other terms, conditions, notice
requirements, limitations, covenants, and agreements with respect to the Freddie Mac Security Interest (as defined below). In providing
its Agency Consent, it is hereby acknowledged that Freddie Mac is relying, and such Agency Consent by Freddie Mac is expressly conditioned,
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 8.02 and in Sections 9.12, 10.4(b), and 11.8 of the Credit Agreement.
Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) and each Credit Party expressly acknowledge and
agree as follows:

-53-

(a)Freddie
Mac Security Interest in Freddie Mac Collateral.

(i) Each
Credit Party hereby reaffirms and confirms the security interest granted pursuant to the Existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement
and also grants to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest (the Freddie Mac Security
Interest) in the following (the Freddie Mac Collateral) to secure payment and performance of the Secured
Obligations: all servicing Income (including, without limitation, Ancillary Income and Servicing Fees) actually received, respectively,
by such Credit Party with respect to the Freddie Mac Loans (the Freddie Mac Designated Loans) serviced at any time
and from time to time under the respective Freddie Mac Servicing Contracts, together with any other Income received on account of payments
made by a third party (other than Freddie Mac) thereunder (except to the extent that any such Income is required by contract or Applicable
Law to be transferred or applied by such Credit Party to or for the benefit of any other Person). Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but not in limitation of the specified Income constituting the Freddie Mac Collateral,
the Freddie Mac Collateral shall not include, and no Credit Party shall grant, and neither the Administrative Agent nor any Secured Party
shall take or receive, any Lien on any Credit Partys right, title or interest in or to any of the following: (i) any MSR
Assets in respect of, arising from or relating to any Collateral Transaction Document or Servicing Contract that is a Freddie Mac Agreement;
(ii) any Contract or Contract Rights consisting of, arising from or relating to any Freddie Mac Agreement; (iii) any Mortgage
Loan (including, without limitation, any promissory note with respect thereto or any mortgaged property or other collateral therefor)
that has been sold, transferred, committed, or pledged to or on behalf of Freddie Mac pursuant to any Freddie Mac Agreement; (iv) any
Income related to any Freddie Mac Agreement or any Freddie Mac Loans other than (x) servicing Income (including, without limitation,
Ancillary Income and Servicing Fees) arising from or related to any Freddie Mac Agreement or any Freddie Mac Loans or (y) Income
received on account of payments made by a third party (other than Freddie Mac) thereunder (except to the extent that any such Income
is required by contract or Applicable Law to be transferred or applied by such Credit Party to or for the benefit of any other Person);
(v) books and records pertaining to any of the foregoing; (vi) any accounts, chattel paper, commercial
tort claims, documents, equipment, general intangibles, goods, instruments,
inventory, investment property, letter of credit rights, or securities accounts
(as each of those terms is defined in the UCC) related to any of the foregoing items (i) through (v); and (vii) any other assets
or properties now owned or at any time hereafter acquired by any Credit Party or any Affiliate of a Credit Party that relate in any respect
to the foregoing items (i) through (vi) (clauses (i) through (vii), collectively, the Excluded Freddie Mac-Related
Assets). None of the Excluded Freddie Mac-Related Assets shall constitute Collateral hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt,
and without limitation of any of the foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge that all servicing rights pursuant to the Freddie Mac
Servicing Contracts are property solely of Freddie Mac and are not the property of any Credit Party, and are not included within the
Collateral hereunder. The Administrative Agents security interest in the Freddie Mac Collateral is subject and subordinate to
all rights, remedies, powers and prerogatives of Freddie Mac under all Freddie Mac Agreements, including, without limitation, Freddie
Macs right to terminate Credit Partys selling and servicing rights with respect to the Freddie Mac Designated Loans as
provided in the respective Freddie Mac Agreements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent
acknowledges that its security interest is subject to the rights of Freddie Mac under the Freddie Mac Agreements, and further acknowledges
that Freddie Mac must approve the Administrative Agents security interest (with such approval, to the extent required by the terms
hereof, being given by Freddie Mac in the Agency Consent provided by Freddie Mac to the Administrative Agent on or about the Closing
Date).

-54-

(ii) Each
Credit Party authorizes the Administrative Agent to file such financing statements as the Administrative Agent deems reasonably necessary
to perfect the Freddie Mac Security Interest in the Freddie Mac Collateral.

(iii) Subject
to Section 8.02(a)(i), each Credit Party hereby irrevocably appoints (which appointment is coupled with an interest) the
Administrative Agent, or its delegate, as the attorney in fact of each such Credit Party, with the right (but not the duty) from time
to time, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (1) create, prepare, complete, execute,
deliver, endorse or file, in the name and on behalf of such Credit Party, any and all instruments, documents, financing statements, applications
for insurance and other agreements and writings required to be obtained, executed, delivered or endorsed by such Credit Party under this
Section 8.02(a)(iii); (2) convert the Freddie Mac Collateral into cash, including, without limitation, through the sale
(either public or private) of all or any portion or portions of the Freddie Mac Collateral (but not any of any of the Excluded Freddie
Mac-Related Assets); (3) enforce collection of the Freddie Mac Collateral, either in its own name or in the name of any applicable
Credit Party, including, without limitation, executing releases and prosecuting, defending, compromising or releasing any action relating
to the Freddie Mac Collateral; (4) take such other actions as the Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to
continue the perfection and priority of its security interest or to realize upon the Freddie Mac Collateral (the foregoing acts, remedies,
and powers being referred to herein sometimes, singly and collectively, as Enforcement Actions Respecting Freddie Mac Collateral);
and (5) to cause any applicable Credit Party to undertake and effect any Specified Sale of the Freddie Mac Program Assets as and
when expressly provided under Section 8.02(b)(iv) below. The Administrative Agent shall not be obliged to do any of
the acts or exercise any of the powers hereinabove authorized, but if the Administrative Agent elects to do any such act or exercise
any such power, it shall not be accountable for more than it actually receives as a result of such exercise of power, and it shall not
be responsible to any Credit Party or any other Person except for gross negligence, willful misconduct, or actual bad faith.

(iv) Except
in the case of a complete disposition of the Freddie Mac Agreements pursuant to a Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets that is
expressly permitted under Section 8.02(b)(iv) hereof (and except for the Administrative Agents exercise of its
rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Freddie Mac Collateral), neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Secured Party
shall cause WDLLC or WD Capital to sell, assign or otherwise transfer any of WDLLC or WD Capitals respective rights, duties or
obligations under, in or with respect to any of the Freddie Mac Agreements (including, without limitation, any servicing rights thereunder).
Neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Secured Party has any right to service any Freddie Mac Loans or affect the manner in which
WDLLC or WD Capital services any Freddie Mac Loans. Without limitation of the foregoing, so long as WDLLC and/or WD Capital is a servicer
of Freddie Mac Loans, neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Secured Party shall take any action that impedes WDLLC or WD Capital
from performing its respective servicing obligations with respect to such loans in strict compliance with the requirements under the
Guide and all other applicable Freddie Mac Agreements. If the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party under this Agreement or
any other Loan Document exercises any rights or remedies with respect to any assets or properties of any Credit Party included within
the Collateral (including, without limitation, any rights of a secured party to take possession of or sell any such assets or properties),
unless and until there has been a complete disposition of the Freddie Mac Agreements pursuant to a Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program
Assets that is expressly permitted under Section 8.02(b)(iv) hereof, in exercising such rights and remedies, neither
the Administrative Agent nor any other Secured party will take any action that could reasonably be expected to prevent WDLLC or WD Capital
from continuing to perform its respective obligations under the Guide and the other Freddie Mac Agreements and continuing its respective
operations relating thereto substantially as conducted prior to such exercise of remedies, without material change in processes, systems,
or personnel in a manner that is reasonably likely to (i) have a material adverse effect on the performance by WDLLC or WD Capital
of any of its respective duties or obligations under the Guide or any other Freddie Mac Agreement (including, without limitation, any
duties and obligations with respect to servicing of Freddie Mac Loans) or (ii) cause WDLLC or WD Capital not to be an eligible Seller/Servicer
under the Guide. For the avoidance of doubt, and without limitation of any of the foregoing, Freddie Mac shall have no obligation to
comply with any directions of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party or to alter in any way servicing requirements, flows
of funds, or accounting of servicing. WDLLC and WD Capital shall not, and not permit WDLLC or WD Capital to, pledge (or, except as may
be expressly provided in the Credit Agreement, enter into (or agree to enter into) a Negative Pledge respecting) any of its respective
servicing rights with respect to any of the Freddie Mac Loans to any other Person.

-55-

(v) If
Freddie Mac terminates any Credit Partys respective servicing rights with respect to the Freddie Mac Designated Loans, the grant
of the Freddie Mac Security Interest by such Credit Party hereunder will terminate automatically, and the Administrative Agent will release
its Lien created by such Freddie Mac Security Interest and execute and file all necessary documents to reflect such release; provided,
however, that no such termination (and no such release) shall relate to, or otherwise affect, (A) the Freddie Mac Security
Interest granted by any other Credit Party or (B) the Freddie Mac Security Interest respecting Freddie Mac Collateral comprised
of servicing Income then accrued or otherwise earned by such Credit Party through the date that Freddie Mac provides written notice to
the Administrative Agent that such servicing rights of such Credit Party shall have been so terminated with respect to such Freddie Mac
Designated Loans (which accrued and earned servicing Income shall in all events remain Freddie Mac Collateral), with such termination
(and such release) relating only to servicing Income accruing or otherwise earned by such Credit Party from and after the date of such
written notice of termination to the Administrative Agent.

(vi) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default for thirty (30) days or more, and the exercise by the Administrative
Agent of its rights under Section 11.2 of the Credit Agreement, Article 5 hereof, and this Section 8.02,
the Administrative Agent may: (A) direct that all servicing Income payable to any Credit Party with respect to the Freddie Mac Designated
Loans be deposited into lockbox accounts held by the Administrative Agent; (B) in its own name, in the name of such Credit Party
or otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange
for any of the Freddie Mac Collateral, but the Administrative Agent has no obligation to do so; and (C) exercise and enforce any
or all rights and remedies with respect to the Freddie Mac Collateral available upon default to the Administrative Agent under the UCC,
at law or in equity.

-56-

(vii) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default for thirty (30) days or more, the Administrative Agent or its designee
is entitled to receive and collect all sums payable to any applicable Credit Party in respect of the Freddie Mac Collateral, and, in
such case: (A) the Administrative Agent or its designee in its discretion may, in its own name, in the name of such Credit Party,
or otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange
for any of the Freddie Mac Collateral, but the Administrative Agent has no obligation to do so, (B) such Credit Party must, if the
Administrative Agent requests it to do so, hold in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and immediately pay to the Administrative
Agent at its office designated by notice, all amounts received by such Credit Party upon or in respect of any of the Freddie Mac Collateral,
advising the Administrative Agent as to the source of those funds, and (C) all amounts so received and collected by the Administrative
Agent will be held by it as part of the Freddie Mac Collateral.

(viii) To
the extent any amounts are received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.02, all rights any applicable
Credit Party against any other Credit Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement,
indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full
in cash of all the Secured Obligations.

(ix) For
the avoidance of doubt, and without limitation of the definition of Excluded Freddie Mac-Related Assets, the Administrative
Agent confirms that, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary: Excluded Accounts
hereunder include, without limitation, all custodial, clearing, suspense, escrow, or other accounts in which WDLLC or WD Capital, respectively,
or any Affiliate of WDLLC or WD Capital deposits or holds funds received from borrowers under Freddie Mac Loans serviced by WDLLC or
WD Capital, respectively, on behalf of Freddie Mac and any funds held in such accounts, and such Excluded Accounts are not, and shall
not constitute, Collateral hereunder.

(x) Upon
the Administrative Agents request, each Credit Party shall provide the Administrative Agent with copies of any book and records
expressly relating to Income comprising the Freddie Mac Collateral. However, for the avoidance of doubt, such books and records do not
constitute Collateral hereunder, and in no event shall Freddie Macs access thereto be restricted in any respect.

-57-

(b)Specified
Pledged Equity Interest in WDLLC and WD Capital. With respect to the Specified Pledged Equity Interests and the Specified Ownership
Interest Pledge thereof, the following provisions shall be applicable:

(i) As
used in this Section 8.02(b), Credit Agreement Default means the occurrence of an Event of Default
under the Credit Agreement: (A) of which, except in the limited circumstance described below in this definition, the Administrative
Agent has given Freddie Mac notice in accordance with Section 8.02(e) hereof (each such notice, a Freddie
Mac Notice of Default), (B) if such Event of Default has occurred pursuant to Section 11.1(a) or (b) of
the Credit Agreement, and no more than one (1) such Event of Default has occurred during the life of any Loan (i.e., if such
an Event of Default occurs more than once, it shall be a Credit Agreement Default immediately hereunder), the Administrative Agent shall
not have received payment of an amount equal to the amount the Borrower and the other Credit Parties failed to pay (including interest
thereon at the rate provided in the Credit Agreement) that gave rise to such Event of Default within thirty (30) days after the applicable
Freddie Mac Notice of Default, and (C) if such Event of Default has occurred under any other subsection of Section 11.1 of
the Credit Agreement, other than Sections 11.1(h), (i), (j) or (k) of the Credit Agreement (the occurrence of any of such Events
of Default constituting a Credit Agreement Default immediately hereunder upon the giving of the applicable Freddie Mac Notice of Default,
and without such Freddie Mac Notice of Default if the Event of Default is under Section 11.1(i) or (j) of the Credit Agreement),
unless (x) the Administrative Agent in good faith determines that, if the Event of Default would be susceptible of cure (if such
cure was permitted beyond any cure period already provided in the Credit Agreement), (y) the cure of such Event of Default as a
Credit Agreement Default hereunder shall have been commenced immediately upon the giving of the applicable Freddie Mac Notice of Default
and been completed with thirty (30) days of such Freddie Mac Notice of Default or, if curable in a longer period not to exceed ninety
(90) days, is so cured within such ninety (90) day period and such cure has been diligently pursued since the applicable Freddie Mac
Notice of Default, and (z) no more than two (2) such Events of Default have occurred during the life of any Loan (i.e.,
if an Event of Default occurs under any one or more subsections of Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement applicable under this clause
(C) more than twice, it shall be a Credit Agreement Default immediately hereunder). Nothing herein shall be deemed to give the Borrower
or any other Credit Party any grace, notice or cure periods or rights under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document other than
as may already be set forth therein.

(ii) Without
limiting the provisions of Section 8.02(a), the Administrative Agent shall have the right, at any time after the occurrence
and during the continuation of a Credit Agreement Default, in its discretion and without notice to the Borrower or any other Credit Party
(but with notice to Freddie Mac), to transfer to or to register in the name of the Administrative Agent any or all of the Specified Pledged
Equity Interests pursuant to the exercise of its rights and remedies hereunder on account of the Specified Ownership Interest Pledge;
provided, that no such transfer or registration of Specified Pledged Equity Interests to or in name of the Administrative Agent
may occur without the prior written consent of Freddie Mac (which consent may be granted or withheld in Freddie Macs sole and
absolute discretion); provided, further, that if the Administrative Agent (or any designee of the Administrative Agent)
has been approved in writing by Freddie Mac to acquire the Freddie Mac Program Assets as a result of any Specified Sale of Freddie Mac
Program Assets pursuant to Section 8.02(b)(iv), through a Retention of Freddie Mac Program Assets or otherwise, Freddie Macs
consent to transfer the Specified Pledged Equity to the Administrative Agent or such designee shall be deemed to have been granted. At
any time following a transfer or registration of Specified Pledged Equity Interests to or in name of the Administrative Agent in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the immediately preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall have the right at any time to exchange
certificates or instruments representing or evidencing Specified Pledged Equity Interests for certificates or instruments of smaller
or larger denominations.

-58-

(iii) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of a Credit Agreement Default, upon written notice from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower
and the other Credit Parties and to Freddie Mac, all rights of W&D Multifamily and WDLLC, respectively, to exercise the voting and
other consensual rights which each would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 3.05(a)(i) hereof shall
cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Administrative Agent, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise
such voting and other consensual rights; provided, that the Administrative Agent shall not exercise any such voting or other consensual
rights without the prior written consent of Freddie Mac (which consent may be granted or withheld in Freddie Macs sole and absolute
discretion).

(iv) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of a Credit Agreement Default, irrespective of whether any Specified Pledged Equity Interests
have been transferred to or registered in the name of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02(b)(ii) hereof,
the Administrative Agent may cause any applicable Credit Party to (A) retain a nationally recognized firm that specializes in the
sale of Freddie Mac selling and servicing rights and other assets that are used in or related to any Freddie Mac Program (collectively
the Freddie Mac Program Assets) (which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (B) sell,
transfer, or otherwise assign all of its respective rights, obligations, duties, and interests in and under the Freddie Mac Agreements
to one or more then-current Freddie Mac Seller/Servicers within sixty (60) days of such notice from the Administrative Agent (with the
actions set forth in clauses (A) and (B) of this clause (iv) being referred to herein as the Specified Sale
of Freddie Mac Program Assets); provided, however, that no such Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets
may occur without the prior written consent of Freddie Mac (which consent may be granted or withheld in Freddie Macs sole and
absolute discretion); and provided, further, that, to the extent any of the Freddie Mac Agreements includes parties in
addition to a Credit Party and Freddie Mac, any Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets, including any servicing rights, remains
subject to satisfaction of the terms and conditions of such Freddie Mac Agreements and any other approvals required thereunder. Subject
at all times to the consent rights of Freddie Mac in accordance with the terms hereof, JPMorgan (or any designee of JPMorgan approved
in writing by Freddie Mac in its sole discretion) may seek approval from Freddie Mac: (i) to acquire Freddie Mac Program Assets
as a result of any Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets and/or (ii) in connection with the realization of the Specified
Pledged Equity Interests under the Specified Ownership Interest Pledge, to cause any applicable Credit Party to retain its respective
Freddie Mac Program Assets as further provided in Section 8.02(b)(ii) (collectively, as may be applicable, Retention
of Freddie Mac Program Assets).

(v) Other
than a transfer to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 8.02(b)(ii) or 8.02(b)(iv) hereof,
no sale, assignment or other transfer of any Specified Pledged Equity Interests to any Person (including, without limitation, any sale,
assignment or other transfer thereof by the Administrative Agent to any other Person following the Administrative Agents acquisition
thereof in accordance with Section 8.02(b)(ii) or 8.02(b)(iv) hereof) may occur without the prior written
consent of Freddie Mac, which consent may be granted or withheld in Freddie Macs sole and absolute discretion.

(vi) Borrower
and each other Credit Party acknowledge that: (i) any private sales of Specified Pledged Equity Interests (or otherwise on account
of any Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets) may be at prices and on terms less favorable than those obtainable through a public
sale without such restrictions (including, without limitation, a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the
Federal Securities Laws) and, notwithstanding such circumstances, the Borrower and each other Credit Party agree that any such private
sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that the Administrative Agent and Secured Parties shall
have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Specified Pledged Equity Interest for the period
of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under the Federal Securities
Laws or under applicable state securities laws, even if such issuer would, or should, agree to so register it.

-59-

(vii) For
the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.02 to the contrary: (A) as part of the Specified
Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets, as provided above, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to sell or otherwise transfer or
dispose of the underlying Specified Pledged Equity Interests and (B) nothing in this Section 8.02 shall require any
of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party to utilize its own funds or credit in connection with the exercise of any rights and
remedies hereunder; provided, that nothing in this clause (B) shall limit or otherwise modify or affect any duties, obligations,
covenants or agreements of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party pursuant to this Section 8.02.

(viii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 8.02, if (A) the Specified Pledged Entities have satisfied all of their respective
outstanding duties and obligations to Freddie Mac under the Freddie Mac Agreements, (B) the Freddie Mac Agreements have been terminated
(or there has been a complete disposition of the Freddie Mac Agreements pursuant to a Specified Sale of Freddie Mac Program Assets that
is expressly permitted under Section 8.02(b)(iv) hereof), and (C) the Specified Pledged Entities have ceased to
be Seller/Servicers of Freddie Mac Loans (in each case, as determined by Freddie Mac in its sole and absolute discretion), then no other
or further consent or approval from Freddie Mac shall thereafter be required with respect to any change in ownership of any Specified
Pledged Entity.

(c)Guaranties
by WDLLC and WD Capital. With respect to the Specified Guarantees provided by the Specified Guarantors pursuant to Article 2
hereof, the following provision shall be applicable:

(i) Without
limiting the unlimited and unconditional nature of each Specified Guarantee (which shall remain unaffected by the provisions of this
Section 8.02(c)), the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) hereby acknowledges and agrees that, in exercising
its rights, remedies, powers, privileges and discretions against Specified Guarantors, the Administrative Agent shall not (A) seek
to obtain any collateral interest in any property or other asset of any Specified Guarantor that is included within the Excluded Freddie
Mac-Related Assets or (B) take any action (or refrain from taking any action) in violation of or otherwise contrary to the provisions
of Section 8.02(a) or Section 8.02(b) hereof (including, without limitation, any term or condition
of Section 8.02(a)(iv); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be deemed or construed to modify, limit,
or waive the rights, remedies, powers, privileges, or discretions of the Administrative Agent: (1) pursuant to the provisions of
Section 8.02(a) or Section 8.02(b) hereof, including, without limitation, with respect to the Enforcement
Actions Respecting Freddie Mac Collateral or (2) with respect to any other Collateral under this Agreement not relating to the Freddie
Mac Loans.

-60-

(d)Freddie
Mac Rights under Freddie Mac Agreements. Nothing in this Section 8.02 (or in any other provision hereof or of any other
Loan Document) shall in any way limit, modify or otherwise affect in any respect Freddie Macs rights and remedies under the Freddie
Mac Agreements (including, without limitation, the Guide) or limit or otherwise affect in any respect Freddie Macs ability to
enforce such rights and remedies.

(e)Notices
to Freddie Mac. Notices and copies that are required to be delivered to Freddie Mac pursuant to the Credit Agreement, this Agreement,
and any other applicable Loan Document shall be delivered to Freddie Mac at the following address:

Freddie Mac

Multifamily Division

8100 Jones Branch Drive

McLean, Virginia 22102

Attention: Vice President, Counterparty Risk Management

with a copy to:

Freddie Mac

Legal Division

8200 Jones Branch Drive

McLean, Virginia 22102

Attention: Vice President, Multifamily Real Estate

(f) As
further provided in Section 9.12 of the Credit Agreement and in Section 4.06(c) hereof, and for the avoidance of
doubt, nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall prohibit or otherwise limit any Credit Party from (i) amending,
restating, supplementing, modifying or waiving any default by an underlying obligor or related to the servicing of an underlying mortgage
loan under any Collateral Transaction Document if such prohibition or limitation could have a material adverse effect on the performance
by any Credit Party of any of its duties or obligations under any of the Freddie Mac Agreements (including, without limitation, any duties
and obligations with respect to servicing of Freddie Mac Loans); or (ii) consenting to or otherwise effecting or implementing any
amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification to or of any Freddie Mac Agreement consistent with modifications generally applicable
to the Freddie Mac Agreements or to a Freddie Mac Seller/Servicer, if such amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification is
required or requested by Freddie Mac.

Section 8.03Special
Ginnie Mae Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision herein or any other Security Document to the contrary, and as further provided
in Sections 10.4(c) and 11.9 of the Credit Agreement, the provisions of this Section 8.03 shall apply in all events
with respect to: (i) the Ginnie Mae Collateral; and (ii) the other terms, conditions, notice requirements, limitations,
and agreements with respect to the Ginnie Mae Security Interests granted to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured
Parties) in the Ginnie Mae Collateral relating to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans under this Agreement and/or
any other Security Document (as each of such quoted terms is defined below). In providing the Ginnie Mae Acknowledgment letter, it is
hereby acknowledged that Ginnie Mae is relying upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 8.03 and in Sections
9.12, 10.4(c), and 11.9 of the Credit Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Section 8.03
and the provisions of any other Loan Document or any other provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 8.03
shall control. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) and each Credit Party expressly
acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding anything contained herein, with regard to the mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing
income for all Ginnie Mae Mortgage Loans, the following provisions shall apply and all other provisions contained herein shall be subject
to and subordinate to these.

-61-

(a) Each
Credit Party hereby reaffirms and confirms the security interest granted pursuant to the existing Guarantee and Collateral Agreement
and also grants to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest (the Ginnie Mae Security
Interest) in the following (the Ginnie Mae Collateral) to secure payment and performance of the Secured
Obligations: all servicing Income (including, without limitation, Ancillary Income and Servicing Fees) actually received by any Credit
Party with respect to the Mortgage Loans (the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans) serviced at any time and from time to
time under the Ginnie Mae Agreements, together with other Income received on account of payments made by a third party (other than Ginnie
Mae) thereunder minus the Ginnie Mae guarantee fee and minus all required payments to all investors of the applicable mortgage-backed
securities that the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans are securing, all as and to the extent provided in the Ginnie Mae Agreements. Specifically,
Ginnie Mae Collateral does not include (i) the Ginnie Mae Agreements, (ii) MSR Assets related to the Ginnie Mae Agreements,
or any other income related to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans, or (iii) the escrow accounts relating to those Ginnie Mae Designated
Loans or any payments held in a clearing account made pursuant to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans. For avoidance of doubt, the Borrower
is entitled to servicing Income only as so long as it maintains Issuer status (as defined in the Ginnie Mae Guide), upon such loss the
Secured Parties rights to any servicing Income also terminate, and the pledge or other encumbrance of rights to servicing Income
conveys no rights (such as a right to become a substitute servicer or Issuer (as defined in the Ginnie Mae Guide)) that is not specifically
provided for in the Ginnie Mae Guide. Any security interest of the Administrative Agent and any that any other party hereto shall have
in the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans is expressly subject and subordinate to all rights, remedies, powers and prerogatives of Ginnie Mae
under the Ginnie Mae Guaranty Agreement, the Ginnie Mae Guide, and all other Ginnie Mae Agreements or contracts, including Ginnie Maes
right to terminate the Ginnie Mae issuers rights with respect to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans as provided in the Ginnie Mae
Agreements and as further provided herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent acknowledges
that its security interest and any rights that it shall have under the Credit Agreement and/or this Agreement is subject to the rights
of Ginnie Mae under the Ginnie Mae Guaranty Agreements, the Ginnie Mae Guides, and other Ginnie Mae Agreements, as applicable, including
without limitation, Ginnie Maes right to extinguish any interest of the applicable Credit Parties in the Ginnie Mae Designated
Loans without compensation or offset and within Ginnie Maes absolute and sole discretion.

(b) Each
Credit Party authorizes the Administrative Agent to file such financing statements as the Administrative Agent deems reasonably necessary
to perfect the Ginnie Mae Security Interest in the Ginnie Mae Collateral. Each Credit Party represents, warrants and covenants that (1) pursuant
to the Ginnie Mae Guide and Applicable Law, an Agency Consent or other agreement acknowledging and consenting to any Loan or entering
into any Credit Facility on the terms set forth in the Credit Agreement, the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, and the other Loan Documents
is not required with respect to any Ginnie Mae Agreement, (2) it will notify its Account Executive (as defined in the Ginnie Mae
Guide) about this transaction via email no later than 15 Business Days after the date hereof and (3) as of the date hereof, no mortgages
relating to any Ginnie Mae Agreement are registered with MERS (as defined in the Ginnie Mae Guide) and it will provide prompt written
notice to the Administrative Agent in the event any mortgages relating to any Ginnie Mae Agreement are registered with MERS and shall
cause MERS to enter the pledge on the MERS system and will obtain any necessary approvals of Ginnie Mae with respect thereto.

-62-

(c) To
the extent that Ginnie Mae Designated Loans remain subject to the Ginnie Mae Agreements, the applicable Credit Party will remain the
servicer of the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans and will continue to service the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans in accordance with Ginnie Mae
requirements. Such Credit Party shall not pledge (or, except as may be expressly provided in the Credit Agreement, enter into (or agree
to enter into) any Negative Pledge respecting) any of its servicing rights with respect to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans.

(d) The
Administrative Agent has no right to service the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans or affect the manner in which any applicable Credit Party
services the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans. If Ginnie Mae terminates any Credit Partys servicing rights with respect to the Ginnie
Mae Designated Loans, this pledge will terminate automatically as to the Ginnie Mae Collateral granted by such Credit Party, and the
Administrative Agent will release its Lien created by such pledge and execute and file all necessary documents to reflect such release;
provided, however, that no such termination (and no such release) shall relate to, or otherwise affect, (A) the Ginnie
Mae Security Interest granted by any other Credit Party or (B) the Ginnie Mae Security Interest respecting Ginnie Mae Collateral
comprised of servicing Income then accrued or otherwise earned by such Credit Party through the date that Ginnie Mae so terminates the
servicing rights of such Credit Party with respect to such Ginnie Mae Designated Loans (which accrued and earned servicing Income through
such date of termination by Ginnie Mae shall in all events remain Ginnie Mae Collateral), with such termination (and such release) relating
only to servicing Income accruing or otherwise earned by such Credit Party from the date of such termination by Ginnie Mae. The Credit
Parties shall provide the Administrative Agent with immediate written notice of any such termination by Ginnie Mae but the Credit Parties
failure to do so shall not affect the terms of this paragraph or Ginnie Maes rights with respect to the Ginnie Mae Designated
Loans.

(e) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default for thirty (30) days or more, and the exercise by the Administrative
Agent of its rights under Section 11.2 of the Credit Agreement, Article 5 hereof, and this Section 8.03,
the Administrative Agent may: (i) direct that all servicing fees (minus the Ginnie Mae guarantee fee and minus all
required payments to all investors of the applicable mortgage-backed securities that the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans are securing) made
payable to any Credit Party with respect to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans be deposited into lockbox accounts held by the Administrative
Agent; (ii) in its own name, in the name of such Credit Party or otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property
at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange for any of the Ginnie Mae Collateral, but the Administrative Agent has
no obligation to do so; (iii) by written notice to such Credit Party, direct any Credit Party to sell the servicing rights to the
Ginnie Mae Designated Loans (in which event such Credit Party shall (x) retain a nationally recognized firm that specializes in
the sale of Ginnie Mae servicing rights (collectively, the Ginnie Mae Program Assets) (which firm must be reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (y) sell the servicing rights to the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans to another Ginnie Mae
lender/servicer within sixty (60) days of such notice from the Administrative Agent) (with the actions set forth in this clause (iii) being
referred to herein as the Specified Sale of Ginnie Mae Program Assets); and (iv) exercise and enforce any or
all rights and remedies available upon default to the Administrative Agent under the UCC, at law or in equity. Any sale of the Ginnie
Mae Collateral must and shall be subject to Ginnie Maes written approval. All proceeds of such sale will be applied first to the
expenses of the sale, then to any amounts due to Ginnie Mae from such Credit Party under the Servicing Contracts sold, and then to the
outstanding balance of the Secured Obligations (as provided in Section 11.4 of the Credit Agreement), with any remaining balance
remitted to the Borrower. Ginnie Mae shall have no obligation to comply with any directions of the Administrative Agent or to alter in
any way servicing requirements, flows of funds, or accounting of servicing of the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans. Subject at all times to
the consent rights of Ginnie Mae in accordance with the terms hereof, JPMorgan (or any designee of JPMorgan approved in writing by Ginnie
Mae in its sole discretion) may seek approval from Ginnie Mae to acquire Ginnie Mae Program Assets as a result of any Specified Sale
of Ginnie Mae Program Assets.

-63-

(f) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default for thirty (30) days or more, the Administrative Agent or its designee
is entitled to receive and collect all sums payable to any applicable Credit Party in respect of the Ginnie Mae Collateral, and, in such
case (i) the Administrative Agent or its designee in its discretion may, in its own name, in the name of such Credit Party or otherwise,
demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange for any of the
Ginnie Mae Collateral, but the Administrative Agent has no obligation to do so, (ii) such Credit Party must, if the Administrative
Agent requests it to do so, hold in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and immediately pay to the Administrative Agent at its
office designated by notice, all amounts received by such Credit Party upon or in respect of any of the Ginnie Mae Collateral, advising
the Administrative Agent as to the source of those funds and (iii) all amounts so received and collected by the Administrative Agent
will be held by it as part of the Ginnie Mae Collateral.

(g) To
the extent any amounts are received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.03, all rights of any applicable
Credit Party against any other Credit Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement,
indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full
in cash of all the Secured Obligations.

(h) For
the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.03 to the contrary, nothing in this Section 8.03
shall require any of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party to utilize its own funds or credit in connection with the
exercise of any rights and remedies hereunder; provided, that nothing in this clause (h) shall limit or otherwise modify
or affect any duties, obligations, covenants or agreements of the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party pursuant to this Section 8.03.

(i) Notices
and copies required by this Section 8.03 to be delivered to Ginnie Mae pursuant to the Credit Agreement, this Agreement and
any other applicable Loan Document shall be delivered to Ginnie Mae at the following address:

Government National Mortgage
Association

451 Seventh Street, S.W., Rm. B-133

Washington, DC 20410

Attn: Senior Vice President, Office of Mortgage-Backed Securities

Facsimile: (202) 485-0232

(j) Each
of the Administrative Agent, and each Credit Party acknowledge that the Ginnie Mae Designated Loans remain the property of Ginnie Mae
and the Administrative Agent and each Credit Party agree that no loan data containing personally identifiable information shall be released
to any third party pursuant to Section 8.13 of the Credit Agreement or any other Section hereunder or thereunder, or pursuant
to any subpoena or court order, without the express written consent of Ginnie Mae.

-64-

[Signature
Pages to Follow]

-65-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the day and year first above written.

WALKER & DUNLOP, INC., as
Borrower

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief
Financial Officer

WALKER & DUNLOP MULTIFAMILY, INC.,
as a Subsidiary Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief
Financial Officer

WALKER & DUNLOP, LLC, as a Subsidiary
Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer

WALKER & DUNLOP CAPITAL, LLC,
as a Subsidiary Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer

W&D BE, INC., as a Subsidiary
Guarantor

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer

Walker &
Dunlop, Inc.

Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement

Signature Page

WALKER & DUNLOP INVESTMENT SALES,
LLC, as a Subsidiary Guarantor

By: WALKER & DUNLOP, INC.,
as Manager

By: /s/ Gregory A. Florkowski

Name: Gregory A. Florkowski

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative
Agent

By: /s/
Neil Laird Troeger

Name: Neil Laird Troeger 

Title: Authorized Signatory

Walker &
Dunlop, Inc.

Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement

Signature Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CONSENT AND AMENDMENT

This
Consent and Amendment (Consent and Amendment), dated as of March 14, 2025, is made by JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., a national banking association, in its capacity as buyer under the Repurchase Agreement (as defined below) (the Buyer),
Walker & Dunlop, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Seller) and Walker & Dunlop, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (W&D, Inc.). Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Consent and Amendment
shall have the respective meanings given them in the Repurchase Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS,
Seller is party to a certain Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2019 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Repurchase Agreement), by and among Seller, W&D, Inc. and
the Buyer;

WHEREAS,
W&D, Inc. intends to refinance the Term Loan Agreement (as defined in the Repurchase Agreement and referred to herein as the
Existing Term Loan), by way of an amendment, extension and restatement of the Existing Term Loan on or about March 14,
2025 (the New Credit Agreement), which New Credit Agreement will, among other things, (i) decrease the total
term loan commitment from $800,000,000 to up to $450,000,000 (the New Term Loan) and (ii) add a revolving credit
loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to $50,000,000 (the Revolving Credit Facility);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the New Credit Agreement, W&D, Inc. intends to undertake a notes offering (the Offering,
together with the New Credit Agreement, the Refinancing Transactions) pursuant to which W&D, Inc. will
issue senior unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $450,000,000 (the Notes, together with the
New Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility, the Debt Instruments) to be offered pursuant to Rule 144A
and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act);

WHEREAS,
Seller is a guarantor of the obligations arising under the Existing Term Loan, and it is a condition precedent to the Refinancing Transactions
that Seller guarantee the obligations arising thereunder;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 10(q) of the Repurchase Agreement, Seller shall not assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become contingently
liable for the obligation of any Person except the Existing Term Loan and obligations arising in connection therewith, subject to the
limitations set forth in said Section 10(q); and

WHEREAS,
Seller has requested the consent of the Buyer, notwithstanding Section 10(q) of the Repurchase Agreement or any other provision
of the Repurchase Agreement applicable to the guarantee by Seller of the obligations arising under the Refinancing Transactions, to permit
the guarantee by Seller of the obligations arising under the Refinancing Transactions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Consent.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10(q) or any other provision of the Repurchase Agreement applicable to the guarantee
by Seller of the Debt Instruments, the Buyer hereby consents to the guarantee by Seller of the obligations arising under the New Term
Loan, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Notes, effective upon the effective date of the New Credit Agreement and the issuance of
the Notes, and subject to the following additional conditions:

(a) The
terms and conditions of the Debt Instruments must be in all material respects the same as the terms and conditions set forth in the Summary
of Proposed Terms and Conditions for the Debt Instruments attached to this Consent and Amendment as Exhibit A.

(b) After
giving effect to the closing or completion of each of the Refinancing Transactions, W&D, Inc. will be in compliance with all
of the financial covenants applicable to it as set forth in Section 10(u) of the Repurchase Agreement, and no Default or Event
of Default will then exist.

(c) The
collateral securing the New Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility must exclude (by generic or specific description) all Mortgaged
Assets (for the purpose of clarity, as defined in the Repurchase Agreement).

2. Limitation
of Consent. The consent set forth above shall be limited precisely as written and relates solely to the provisions of Section 10(q) or
any other provision of the Repurchase Agreement applicable to the Refinancing Transactions in the manner and to the extent described
above and nothing in this Consent and Amendment shall be deemed to:

(a) Constitute
a waiver of compliance by Seller with respect to any other term, provision or condition of the Repurchase Agreement or any other instrument
or agreement referred to therein (including those pertaining to W&D, Inc. as Parent); or

(b) Prejudice
any right or remedy that the Buyer under the Repurchase Agreement may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with
the Repurchase Agreement or any other instrument or agreement referred to therein.

3. Amendment.
Effective as of the consummation of each of the Refinancing Transactions, the Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) All
references to Term Loan in the Repurchase Agreement shall be replaced with Term Loan and the Revolving Loan.

(b) All
references to Term Loan Agreement in the Repurchase Agreement shall be replaced with Credit Agreement.

(c) Section 10(q) is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Contingent
Liabilities. Seller shall not assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become contingently
liable for the obligation of any Person except (a) for the Term Loan and the Revolving Loan and obligations arising in connection
therewith; (b) for the Notes and obligations arising in connection therewith; (c) by endorsement of negotiable instruments
for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business; and (d) for obligations arising in connection with the sale of Mortgage
Loans in the ordinary course of a Sellers business.

(d) Section 2
is hereby amended as follows:

(i) As
applicable, the definitions of the following terms either (A) amend, supersede, and replace in their entirety the corresponding
previously included definition thereof where they respectively appear therein, or (B) if not previously included therein, are hereby
added thereto as alphabetically appropriate:

Indenture
means that certain Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Parent, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as trustee.

Revolving
Loan means collectively (a) the revolving loan in the original principal amount of $50,000,000 made by the lenders pursuant
to the Credit Agreement; and (b) any additional incremental revolving made pursuant to the Credit Agreement.

Term
Loan means collectively (a) the term loan in the original principal amount of up to $450,000,000 (but which principal
amount, together with the initial principal amount of the Notes, shall not exceed $850,000,000) made by the lenders pursuant to the Credit
Agreement; (b) any additional incremental term loans made pursuant to the Credit Agreement; and (c) all existing or future
payment and other obligations owing by Parent, Walker & Dunlop Multifamily, Inc., Seller, WD Capital or any other Affiliate
of Parent party to the Credit Agreement under (i) any secured hedge agreements or comparable arrangements and (ii) any secured
cash management agreements or comparable arrangements, in each case, as contemplated by the Credit Agreement.

Credit
Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025, among the Parent, the
lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

Notes
means collectively (a) those certain senior unsecured notes due 2033 issued by Parent under the Indenture in an aggregate principal
amount of up to $450,000,000 (but which principal amount, together with the initial principal amount of the Term Loan, shall not exceed
$850,000,000) and (b) all existing or future payment and other obligations owing by Parent, Walker & Dunlop Multifamily, Inc.,
Seller, WD Capital or any other Affiliate or Parent pursuant to the Notes).

4. No
Modifications. Except as expressly provided herein, nothing contained in this Consent and Amendment shall be deemed or construed
to amend, supplement or modify the Repurchase Agreement or otherwise affect the rights and obligations of any party thereto, all of which
remain in full force and effect.

5. Successors
and Assigns. This Consent and Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Seller, W&D, Inc., the Buyer,
and each of their respective successors and assigns.

6. Governing
Law. This Consent and Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without
regard to any conflict of laws principles) and applicable United States federal law.

7. Counterparts.
This Consent and Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement,
and any party hereto may execute this Consent and Amendment by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of this Consent and Amendment electronically shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Consent
and Amendment.

[SIGNATURE PAGE
FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Consent and Amendment as of the date first above written.

WALKER &
DUNLOP, LLC

By:
/s/
Issa M. Bannourah 

Name: Issa
M. Bannourah 

Title: Senior
Vice President and Treasurer

WALKER &
DUNLOP, INC.

By:
/s/
Issa M. Bannourah 

Name: Issa
M. Bannourah 

Title:
Senior
Vice President and Treasurer

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A.

By: /s/
Neil Laird Troeger 

Name:
Neil
Laird Troeger 

Title: Authorized
Signatory

[Signature
Page to Walker & Dunlop Consent and Amendment JPM] 

Exhibit A

Summary of
Proposed Terms and Conditions for the Debt Instruments

See attached.

$450,000,000
SENIOR SECURED TERM LOAN FACILITY

$50,000,000 SENIOR
SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY

SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Borrower: Walker &
Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower).

Sole Lead Arranger and Bookrunner: JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. (JPM) will act as sole lead arranger and bookrunner
(in such capacities, the Lead Arranger).

Lenders: A syndicate of financial
institutions and other entities arranged by the Lead Arranger (each a Lender
and, collectively, the Lenders).

Administrative Agent: JPM
(in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

Transactions: The Borrower
intends to (i) enter into the Term Loan Facility (as defined below), the proceeds of
which will be used, together with the proceeds of the Other Indebtedness (as defined below),
to refinance (whether by way of prepayment, cashless roll or otherwise) the outstanding term
loans under the Existing Credit Agreement in full (the Refinancing),
(ii) enter into the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below), (iii) make certain
other changes to the Existing Credit Agreement in connection therewith, and (iv) obtain
up to $400.0 million of other senior unsecured indebtedness (the Other Indebtedness)
(clauses (i) through (iv), collectively, the Transactions).

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility: A
senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $450.0 million (the
Term Loan Facility and the term loans thereunder, the Term
Loans).

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility: A
senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $50.0 million
(the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility,
the Facilities) (with subfacilities for standby letters of credit in
an aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million (each, a Letter of Credit)
and swingline loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million (each, a Swingline
Loan) on customary terms and conditions).

Use of Proceeds: The proceeds
of the Term Loan Facility and the Other Indebtedness will be used to finance the Refinancing
and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries) (including,
without limitation, dividends, share repurchases and permitted investments).

The Revolving Credit
Facility will be used to provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate
purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries) (including, without limitation, dividends,
share repurchases and permitted investments).

-7-

Closing Date: The date on
which (i) the initial funding under the Term Loan Facility occurs, (ii) the Revolving
Credit Facility becomes effective and (iii) the Transactions occur (the Closing
Date).

Incremental Increases: After
the Closing Date, the Borrower will be permitted to (A) incur additional term loans
under a new term facility or as an increase to the Term Loan Facility (each, an Incremental
Term Loan) and/or (B) increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility
(each, a Revolving Credit Facility Increase and, together with the Incremental
Term Loans, the Incremental Increases) in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed the sum of (x) the greater of (1) $325.0 million and (2) 100.0%
of LTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarter period of the Borrower
ended prior to such date plus (y) an amount which, after giving pro forma effect to
the incurrence of such Incremental Increase would not cause the Consolidated Net Secured
Leverage Ratio to exceed, on a pro forma basis, 3.00 to 1.00.

Guarantors: The
obligations will be unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by existing
and subsequently acquired or formed direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Borrower (each,
a Guarantor) other than Excluded Subsidiaries and, in the case of any
obligations of any subsidiaries of the Borrower of the type described in clause (b) above,
the Borrower.

All guarantees shall be guarantees of payment and not of
collection. The Borrower and the Guarantors are herein referred to, collectively, as the Credit Parties.

Security: The
Secured Obligations will be secured by valid and perfected first priority (subject to certain
customary exceptions satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and set forth in the Financing
Documentation) security interests and liens.

Final Maturity: The final
maturity of the Term Loan Facility will occur on the 7th anniversary of the Closing Date
(the Term Loan Maturity Date).

The final maturity
of the Revolving Credit Facility will occur on the 3rd anniversary of the Closing Date (the
Revolving Credit Maturity Date).

-8-

Amortization: The
Term Loan Facility will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount
equal to 1.00% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility with the remainder
due on the Term Loan Maturity Date.

Representations and Warranties, 

Affirmative and Negative Covenants: Usual and customary
for facilities of this type.

-9-

The Offering

The following
is a summary of certain terms of the indenture and the notes and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained
under the heading Description of Notes in the offering memorandum.

Issuer Walker &
Dunlop, Inc.

Securities $ million
aggregate principal amount of %
Senior Notes due 2033 (the notes).

Maturity ,
2033

Interest payment dates and of
each year, commencing ,
2025, interest will accrue from ,
2025.

Optional redemption The
notes will be redeemable at the Issuers option, in whole or in part, at any time on
or after , 2028, at the redemption
prices set forth in this offering memorandum, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to,
but not including, the date of redemption.

At any time prior to
, 2028, the Issuer may also redeem
the notes, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes,
plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
not including, the date of redemption.

In addition, prior
to ,
2028, we may redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes with the net
cash proceeds of certain public equity offerings of our common stock at %
of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption
date. We may make such redemption only if, after any such redemption, at least 60% of the
aggregate principal amount of the notes originally issued remains outstanding (after giving
effect to the issuance of any additional notes).

See Description
of NotesRedemptionOptional Redemption.

Mandatory offers to purchase The
occurrence of a change of control will require the Issuer to offer to purchase from holders
all or a portion of the notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase. See Description
of NotesRepurchase at the Option of HoldersChange of Control.

Guarantees All payments
on the notes, including principal and interest, will be fully and unconditionally, jointly
and severally, guaranteed on the issue date on a senior unsecured basis by our existing direct
and indirect subsidiaries that guarantee our senior secured credit facilities and all future
subsidiaries that guarantee the Issuer's senior secured credit facilities and certain other
material indebtedness. See Description of NotesNote Guarantees.

For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2024, the non-guarantor subsidiaries accounted for approximately
10% of our consolidated total revenue, 14% of our net income and 2% of our Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA.

-10-

Ranking The
notes and the guarantees will be Issuers and the guarantors unsecured, unsubordinated
obligations and will:

rank
senior in right of payment to all of the Issuers and the guarantors future
indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the notes;

rank
equally in right of payment with all of the Issuers and the guarantors existing
and future unsubordinated indebtedness;

be
effectively subordinated to any of the Issuers and the guarantors existing
and future secured debt, including our senior secured credit facilities, to the extent of
the value of the assets securing such debt; and

be
structurally subordinated to any existing and future liabilities of each of our and the guarantors
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes.

As of December 31, 2024,
after giving effect to the Amended Credit Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and the
issuance of the notes:

the
Issuer and the guarantors would have had approximately $0.85 billion of indebtedness (exclusive
of indebtedness under our warehouse facilities), of which approximately $0.45 billion was
secured, to which the notes are effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of the
assets securing such obligations, and the Issuer would have had an additional $50 million
of availability under its revolving credit facility, all of which would be secured indebtedness;

the
Company had committed and uncommitted warehouse lines of credit in the amount of $3.8 billion
with certain national banks and a $1.5 billion uncommitted facility with Fannie Mae under
its Agency Warehouse Facilities. The Company also had $100.0 million of total facility capacity
under warehouse lines of credit with a certain national bank with no outstanding balance
under its Interim Warehouse Facility; and

the
non-guarantor subsidiaries would have had approximately 35% of our consolidated total assets
and approximately 21%, or $568 million, of our consolidated total liabilities, to which the
notes are structurally subordinated.

See
Description of Other Indebtedness for more information.

Covenants The
notes will be issued under an indenture with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee. The covenants contained in the indenture governing the notes will, among other
things, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries (other than certain excluded
subsidiaries) to:

incur
more debt;

pay
dividends and make distributions or repurchase shares;

make
investments;

-11-

create
liens;

enter
into restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions, loans or advances
to us;

sell
assets;

engage
in certain types of transactions with affiliates;

engage
in certain sale and leaseback transactions; and

merge
or consolidate with other companies or sell substantially all of our assets.

In addition,
the Issuers excluded subsidiaries will be restricted from engaging in certain transactions with affiliates and from repurchasing
the equity interests of the Issuer.

These covenants are subject
to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. In addition, if and for so long as the notes have an investment grade rating
from both Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (S&P)
and Moodys Investors Service, Inc. (Moodys) and no default under the indenture has occurred and
is continuing, certain covenants will be suspended. For more details, see Description of Notes.

Transfer restrictions The notes are not registered
under the Securities Act. Therefore, the notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. We do not intend to issue
registered notes in exchange for the notes to be privately placed in this offering, and the absence of registration rights may adversely
impact the transferability of the notes. For more information, see Transfer Restrictions and Risk FactorsRisks
Relating to Our Notes and IndebtednessHolders of the notes will not be entitled to registration rights, and we do not currently
intend to register the notes under applicable securities laws. There are restrictions on your ability to transfer or resell the notes.

Absence of public market for the notes We do not intend to apply
for a listing of the notes on any securities exchange or an automated dealer quotation system. The initial purchaser has advised
the Issuer that they currently intend to make a market in the notes. However, they are not obligated to do so, and any market making
with respect to the notes may be discontinued without notice. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the existence or liquidity
of any market for the notes.

Use of proceeds We expect to use the net
proceeds of this offering, together with the proceeds from our Term Loan Facility (as defined herein), to (i) repay the outstanding
principal amount of term loans under our Existing Credit Agreement, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) to
pay fees and expenses in connection with this offering and the amendment to our Existing Credit Agreement and (iii) for general
corporate purposes. See Use of Proceeds and Recent Developments for more information.

-12-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

CONSENT AND AMENDMENT

This
Consent and Amendment (Consent and Amendment), dated as of March 14, 2025, is made by PNC Bank, National Association,
a national banking association, in its capacity as lender under the Warehouse Agreement (as defined below) (the Lender),
Walker & Dunlop, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (W&D, LLC) and Walker & Dunlop, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (W&D, Inc.). Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Consent and Amendment
shall have the respective meanings given them in the Warehouse Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS,
W&D, LLC is party to a certain Second Amended and Restated Warehousing Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 11,
2017 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Warehouse Agreement),
by and among W&D, LLC, W&D, Inc. and the Lender;

WHEREAS,
W&D, Inc. intends to refinance the Term Loan Agreement (as defined in the Warehouse Agreement and referred to herein as the
Existing Term Loan), by way of an amendment, extension and restatement of the Existing Term Loan on or about March 14,
2025 (the New Credit Agreement), which New Credit Agreement will, among other things, (i) decrease the total
term loan commitment from $800,000,000 to up to $450,000,000 (the New Term Loan) and (ii) add a revolving credit
loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to $50,000,000 (the Revolving Credit Facility);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the New Credit Agreement, W&D, Inc. intends to undertake a notes offering (the Offering,
together with the New Credit Agreement, the Refinancing Transactions) pursuant to which W&D, Inc. will
issue senior unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $450,000,000 (the Notes, together with the
New Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility, the Debt Instruments) to be offered pursuant to Rule 144A
and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act);

WHEREAS,
W&D, LLC is a guarantor of the obligations arising under the Existing Term Loan, and it is a condition precedent to the Refinancing
Transactions that W&D, LLC guarantee the obligations arising thereunder;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 8.2 of the Warehouse Agreement, W&D, LLC shall not assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become contingently
liable for the obligation of any Person except the Existing Term Loan and obligations arising in connection therewith, subject to the
limitations set forth in said Section 8.2; and

WHEREAS,
W&D, LLC has requested the consent of the Lender, notwithstanding Section 8.2 of the Warehouse Agreement or any other provision
of the Warehouse Agreement applicable to the guarantee by W&D, LLC of the obligations arising under the Refinancing Transactions,
to permit the guarantee by W&D, LLC of the obligations arising under the Refinancing Transactions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Consent.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.2 or any other provision of the Warehouse Agreement applicable to the guarantee
by W&D, LLC of the Debt Instruments, the Lender hereby consents to the guarantee by W&D, LLC of the obligations arising under
the New Term Loan, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Notes, effective upon the effective date of the New Credit Agreement and the
issuance of the Notes, and subject to the following additional conditions:

(a) The
terms and conditions of the Debt Instruments must be in all material respects the same as the terms and conditions set forth in the Summary
of Proposed Terms and Conditions for the Debt Instruments attached to this Consent and Amendment as Exhibit A.

(b) After
giving effect to the closing or completion of each of the Refinancing Transactions, W&D, Inc. will be in compliance with all
of the financial covenants applicable to it as set forth in Section 8 of the Warehouse Agreement, and no Default or Event of Default
will then exist.

(c) The
collateral securing the New Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility must exclude (by generic or specific description) all Collateral
(for the purpose of clarity, as defined in the Warehouse Agreement).

2. Limitation
of Consent. The consent set forth above shall be limited precisely as written and relates solely to the provisions of Section 8.2
in the manner and to the extent described above and nothing in this Consent and Amendment shall be deemed to:

(a) Constitute
a waiver of compliance by W&D, LLC with respect to any other term, provision or condition of the Warehouse Agreement or any other
instrument or agreement referred to therein (including those pertaining to W&D, Inc. as Parent);

(b) Constitute
a waiver of Lender with respect to any other term, provision or condition of the Warehouse Agreement or any other instrument or agreement
referred to therein; or

(c) Prejudice
any right or remedy that the Lender under the Warehouse Agreement may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with
the Warehouse Agreement or any other instrument or agreement referred to therein.

3. Amendment.
Effective as of the consummation of each of the Refinancing Transactions, the Warehouse Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) All
references to Term Loan in the Warehouse Agreement shall be replaced with Term Loan and the Revolving Loan.

(b) All
references to Term Loan Agreement in the Warehouse Agreement shall be replaced with Term Loan and Revolving Loan
Credit Agreement.

(c) Section 8.2
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become contingently liable for the obligation of any Person except (a) for the Term Loan and the
Revolving Loan and obligations arising in connection therewith; (b) for the Notes and obligations arising in connection therewith;
(c) by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business; and (d) for obligations
arising in connection with the sale of Mortgage Loans in the ordinary course of a Borrowers business.

(d) Section 12.1
is hereby amended as follows:

(i) As
applicable, the definitions of the following terms either (A) amend, supersede, and replace in their entirety the corresponding
previously included definition thereof where they respectively appear therein, or (B) if not previously included therein, are hereby
added thereto as alphabetically appropriate:

Indenture
means that certain Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Parent, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as trustee.

Revolving
Loan means collectively (a) the revolving loan in the original principal amount of $50,000,000 made by the lenders pursuant
to the Term Loan and Revolving Loan Credit Agreement; and (b) any additional incremental revolving loans made pursuant to the Term
Loan and Revolving Loan Credit Agreement.

Term
Loan means collectively (a) the term loan in the original principal amount of up to $450,000,000 (but which principal
amount, together with the initial principal amount of the Notes, shall not exceed $850,000,00) made by the lenders pursuant to the Term
Loan and Revolving Loan Credit Agreement; (b) any additional incremental term loans made pursuant to the Term Loan and Revolving
Loan Credit Agreement; and (c) all existing or future payment and other obligations owing by Parent, Walker & Dunlop Multifamily, Inc.,
Borrower, WD Capital or any other Affiliate of Parent party to the Term Loan and Revolving Loan Credit Agreement under (i) any secured
hedge agreements or comparable arrangements and (ii) any secured cash management agreements or comparable arrangements, in each
case, as contemplated by the Term Loan and Revolving Loan Credit Agreement.

Term
Loan and Revolving Loan Credit Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 14,
2025, among the Parent, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

Notes
means collectively (a) those certain senior unsecured notes due 2033 issued by Parent under the Indenture in an aggregate principal
amount of $450,000,000 (but which principal amount, together with the initial principal amount of the Term Loan, shall not exceed $850,000,00)
and (b) all existing or future payment and other obligations owing by Parent, Walker & Dunlop Multifamily, Inc., Borrower,
WD Capital or any other Affiliate or Parent pursuant to the Notes.

4. No
Modifications. Except as expressly provided herein, nothing contained in this Consent and Amendment shall be deemed or construed
to amend, supplement or modify the Warehouse Agreement or otherwise affect the rights and obligations of any party thereto, all of which
remain in full force and effect.

5. Successors
and Assigns. This Consent and Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon W&D, LLC, W&D, Inc., the Lender,
and each of their respective successors and assigns.

6. Governing
Law. This Consent and Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
(without regard to any conflict of laws principles) and applicable United States federal law.

7. Counterparts.
This Consent and Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement,
and any party hereto may execute this Consent and Amendment by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of this Consent and Amendment electronically shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Consent
and Amendment.

[SIGNATURE PAGE
FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Consent and Amendment as of the date first above written.

WALKER &
DUNLOP, LLC

By:
/s/
Issa M. Bannourah 

Name:
Issa
M. Bannourah 

Title:
Senior
Vice President and Treasurer

WALKER &
DUNLOP, INC.

By:
/s/
Issa M. Bannourah 

Name:
Issa
M. Bannourah 

Title:
Senior
Vice President and Treasurer

PNC
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:
/s/
Steven Pachla 

Name:
Steven
Pachla 

Title: Vice
President

[Signature
Page to Walker & Dunlop Consent and Amendment PNC]

Exhibit A

Summary of
Proposed Terms and Conditions for the Debt Instruments

See attached.

$450,000,000
SENIOR SECURED TERM LOAN FACILITY

$50,000,000 SENIOR
SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY

SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Borrower: Walker &
Dunlop, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower).

Sole Lead Arranger and Bookrunner: JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. (JPM) will act as sole lead arranger and bookrunner
(in such capacities, the Lead Arranger).

Lenders: A syndicate of financial
institutions and other entities arranged by the Lead Arranger (each a Lender
and, collectively, the Lenders).

Administrative Agent: JPM
(in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

Transactions: The Borrower
intends to (i) enter into the Term Loan Facility (as defined below), the proceeds of
which will be used, together with the proceeds of the Other Indebtedness (as defined below),
to refinance (whether by way of prepayment, cashless roll or otherwise) the outstanding term
loans under the Existing Credit Agreement in full (the Refinancing),
(ii) enter into the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below), (iii) make certain
other changes to the Existing Credit Agreement in connection therewith, and (iv) obtain
up to $400.0 million of other senior unsecured indebtedness (the Other Indebtedness)
(clauses (i) through (iv), collectively, the Transactions).

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility: A
senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $450.0 million (the
Term Loan Facility and the term loans thereunder, the Term
Loans).

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility: A
senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $50.0 million
(the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility,
the Facilities) (with subfacilities for standby letters of credit in
an aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million (each, a Letter of Credit)
and swingline loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million (each, a Swingline
Loan) on customary terms and conditions).

Use of Proceeds: The proceeds
of the Term Loan Facility and the Other Indebtedness will be used to finance the Refinancing
and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries) (including,
without limitation, dividends, share repurchases and permitted investments).

The Revolving Credit Facility will be used to provide ongoing working capital and for
other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries) (including, without limitation, dividends, share
repurchases and permitted investments).

-7-

Closing Date: The
date on which (i) the initial funding under the Term Loan Facility occurs, (ii) the
Revolving Credit Facility becomes effective and (iii) the Transactions occur (the Closing
Date).

Incremental Increases: After
the Closing Date, the Borrower will be permitted to (A) incur additional term loans
under a new term facility or as an increase to the Term Loan Facility (each, an Incremental
Term Loan) and/or (B) increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility
(each, a Revolving Credit Facility Increase and, together with the Incremental
Term Loans, the Incremental Increases) in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed the sum of (x) the greater of (1) $325.0 million and (2) 100.0%
of LTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarter period of the Borrower
ended prior to such date plus (y) an amount which, after giving pro forma effect to
the incurrence of such Incremental Increase would not cause the Consolidated Net Secured
Leverage Ratio to exceed, on a pro forma basis, 3.00 to 1.00.

Guarantors: The obligations
will be unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by existing and subsequently
acquired or formed direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Borrower (each, a Guarantor)
other than Excluded Subsidiaries and, in the case of any obligations of any subsidiaries
of the Borrower of the type described in clause (b) above, the Borrower.

All guarantees shall
be guarantees of payment and not of collection. The Borrower and the Guarantors are herein
referred to, collectively, as the Credit Parties.

Security: The Secured Obligations
will be secured by valid and perfected first priority (subject to certain customary exceptions
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and set forth in the Financing Documentation) security
interests and liens.

Final Maturity: The final
maturity of the Term Loan Facility will occur on the 7th anniversary of the Closing Date
(the Term Loan Maturity Date).

The final maturity
of the Revolving Credit Facility will occur on the 3rd anniversary of the Closing Date (the
Revolving Credit Maturity Date).

-8-

Amortization: The
Term Loan Facility will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount
equal to 1.00% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility with the remainder
due on the Term Loan Maturity Date.

Representations and Warranties, 

Affirmative and Negative Covenants: Usual
and customary for facilities of this type.

-9-

The Offering

The following
is a summary of certain terms of the indenture and the notes and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained
under the heading Description of Notes in the offering memorandum.

Issuer Walker &
Dunlop, Inc.

Securities $ million
aggregate principal amount of %
Senior Notes due 2033 (the notes).

Maturity ,
2033

Interest payment dates and
of each year, commencing
, 2025, interest will accrue
from , 2025.

Optional redemption The
notes will be redeemable at the Issuers option, in whole or in part, at any time on
or after , 2028, at the
redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption.

At any time prior to
, 2028, the Issuer may
also redeem the notes, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the notes, plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption.

In addition, prior
to , 2028, we may redeem
up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes with the net cash proceeds of certain
public equity offerings of our common stock at %
of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption
date. We may make such redemption only if, after any such redemption, at least 60% of the
aggregate principal amount of the notes originally issued remains outstanding (after giving
effect to the issuance of any additional notes).

See Description
of NotesRedemptionOptional Redemption.

Mandatory offers to purchase The
occurrence of a change of control will require the Issuer to offer to purchase from holders
all or a portion of the notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase. See Description
of NotesRepurchase at the Option of HoldersChange of Control.

Guarantees All payments
on the notes, including principal and interest, will be fully and unconditionally, jointly
and severally, guaranteed on the issue date on a senior unsecured basis by our existing direct
and indirect subsidiaries that guarantee our senior secured credit facilities and all future
subsidiaries that guarantee the Issuer's senior secured credit facilities and certain other
material indebtedness. See Description of NotesNote Guarantees.

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, the non-guarantor
subsidiaries accounted for approximately 10% of our consolidated total revenue, 14% of our net income and 2% of our Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA.

Ranking The
notes and the guarantees will be Issuers and the guarantors unsecured, unsubordinated
obligations and will:

-10-

rank
senior in right of payment to all of the Issuers and the guarantors future
indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the notes;

rank
equally in right of payment with all of the Issuers and the guarantors existing
and future unsubordinated indebtedness;

be
effectively subordinated to any of the Issuers and the guarantors existing
and future secured debt, including our senior secured credit facilities, to the extent of
the value of the assets securing such debt; and

be
structurally subordinated to any existing and future liabilities of each of our and the guarantors
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes.

As of December 31, 2024,
after giving effect to the Amended Credit Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and the
issuance of the notes:

the
Issuer and the guarantors would have had approximately $0.85 billion of indebtedness (exclusive
of indebtedness under our warehouse facilities), of which approximately $0.45 billion was
secured, to which the notes are effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of the
assets securing such obligations, and the Issuer would have had an additional $50 million
of availability under its revolving credit facility, all of which would be secured indebtedness;

the
Company had committed and uncommitted warehouse lines of credit in the amount of $3.8 billion
with certain national banks and a $1.5 billion uncommitted facility with Fannie Mae under
its Agency Warehouse Facilities. The Company also had $100.0 million of total facility capacity
under warehouse lines of credit with a certain national bank with no outstanding balance
under its Interim Warehouse Facility; and

the
non-guarantor subsidiaries would have had approximately 35% of our consolidated total assets
and approximately 21%, or $568 million, of our consolidated total liabilities, to which the
notes are structurally subordinated.

See
Description of Other Indebtedness for more information.

Covenants The
notes will be issued under an indenture with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee. The covenants contained in the indenture governing the notes will, among other
things, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries (other than certain excluded
subsidiaries) to:

incur
more debt;

pay
dividends and make distributions or repurchase shares;

make
investments;

create
liens;

enter
into restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions, loans or advances
to us;

sell
assets;

engage
in certain types of transactions with affiliates;

engage
in certain sale and leaseback transactions; and

-11-

merge
or consolidate with other companies or sell substantially all of our assets.

In addition,
the Issuers excluded subsidiaries will be restricted from engaging in certain transactions with affiliates and from repurchasing
the equity interests of the Issuer.

These covenants are subject
to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. In addition, if and for so long as the notes have an investment grade rating
from both Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (S&P)
and Moodys Investors Service, Inc. (Moodys) and no default under the indenture has occurred and
is continuing, certain covenants will be suspended. For more details, see Description of Notes.

Transfer restrictions The notes are not registered
under the Securities Act. Therefore, the notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. We do not intend to issue
registered notes in exchange for the notes to be privately placed in this offering, and the absence of registration rights may adversely
impact the transferability of the notes. For more information, see Transfer Restrictions and Risk FactorsRisks
Relating to Our Notes and IndebtednessHolders of the notes will not be entitled to registration rights, and we do not currently
intend to register the notes under applicable securities laws. There are restrictions on your ability to transfer or resell the notes.

Absence of public market for the notes We do not intend to apply
for a listing of the notes on any securities exchange or an automated dealer quotation system. The initial purchaser has advised
the Issuer that they currently intend to make a market in the notes. However, they are not obligated to do so, and any market making
with respect to the notes may be discontinued without notice. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the existence or liquidity
of any market for the notes.

Use of proceeds We expect to use the net
proceeds of this offering, together with the proceeds from our Term Loan Facility (as defined herein), to (i) repay the outstanding
principal amount of term loans under our Existing Credit Agreement, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) to
pay fees and expenses in connection with this offering and the amendment to our Existing Credit Agreement and (iii) for general
corporate purposes. See Use of Proceeds and Recent Developments for more information.

-12-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wd-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>wd-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>wd-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35000

Entity Registrant Name Walker &
Dunlop, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001497770

Entity Tax Identification Number 80-0629925

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 7272 Wisconsin Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1300

Entity Address, City or Town Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20814

City Area Code 301

Local Phone Number 215-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol WD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://walkerdunlop.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm258986d1_8k.htm 
wd-20250314.xsd 
wd-20250314_lab.xml 
wd-20250314_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-023966-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm258986d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001497770 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001497770 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
Walker & Dunlop, Inc. 
MD 
001-35000 
80-0629925 
7272 Wisconsin Avenue 
Suite 1300 
Bethesda 
MD 
20814 
301 
215-5500 
Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value Per Share 
WD 
NYSE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>