<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-028274.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-028274.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326164808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-028274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Humacyte, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001818382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				851763759
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39532
		FILM NUMBER:		25773919

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 EAST NORTH CAROLINA HIGHWAY 54
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27713
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-313-9633

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 EAST NORTH CAROLINA HIGHWAY 54
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27713

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alpha Healthcare Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200716
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000181838200018183822025-03-252025-03-250001818382us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-252025-03-250001818382HUMA:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneOfCommonAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 25, 2025

Humacyte, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39532 85-1763759

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

2525 East North Carolina Highway 54

Durham, NC 27713

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(919) 313-9633

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share HUMA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 HUMAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 25, 2025, Humacyte, Inc. (the Company)
entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc.
and BTIG, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, the Underwriters), relating to
the issuance and sale in an underwritten offering (the Offering) of 25,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock,
$0.0001 par value per share, at a price to the public of $2.00 per share (the Firm Shares). The Company also granted the
Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 shares of the Companys common stock at the same price as
the Firm Shares (the Option Shares and, together with the Firm Shares, the Shares). The net proceeds to the
Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $46.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
Offering expenses, or $53.7 million if the Underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase the Option Shares. The Offering is expected
to close on March 27, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Offering is being made pursuant to the Companys effective
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267225), which was previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on September 1, 2022 and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2022.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties
and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, including
for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and termination provisions. The representations,
warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and are as of specific
dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting
parties. The Underwriting Agreement is not intended to provide any factual information about the Company.

The Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and
is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the Underwriting Agreement.

The legal opinion of Covington & Burling LLP relating to the
Shares is filed herewith as Exhibit 5.1.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 25, 2025, the Company issued press releases announcing
the commencement of the Offering and the pricing of the Offering. Copies of the press releases are furnished as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2,
respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

The information contained in this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or incorporated by
reference in any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in
such a filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 25, 2025, by and among Humacyte, Inc., and TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and BTIG, LLC, as representatives of the Underwriters. 

5.1 Opinion
of Covington & Burling LLP.

23.1 Consent
of Covington & Burling LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press
release, dated March 25, 2025.

99.2 Press
release, dated March 25, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HUMACYTE, INC.

Date: March 26, 2025 By: /s/ Dale A. Sander

Name: Dale A. Sander

Title: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Corporate Development Officer and Treasurer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

25,000,000 Shares

HUMACYTE, INC.

Common Stock

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

March 25, 2025

TD Securities
(USA) LLC

Barclays
Capital Inc.

BTIG,
LLC

As Representatives of the several Underwriters

c/o TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue

New York, New York 10017

c/o Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019

c/o BTIG, LLC

65 East 55th Street

New York, New York 10022

Dear Sirs and Madams:

1.Introductory. Humacyte, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
proposes to sell, pursuant to the terms of this agreement (the Agreement), to the several underwriters named
in Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters, or, each, an Underwriter), an aggregate
of 25,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company. The
aggregate of 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock so proposed to be sold is hereinafter referred to as the Firm Stock.
The Company also proposes to sell to the Underwriters, upon the terms and conditions set forth in Section 3 hereof, up to an additional
3,750,000 shares of Common Stock (the Optional Stock). The Firm Stock and the Optional Stock are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the Stock. TD Securities (USA) LLC (TD Cowen), Barclays
Capital Inc. (Barclays) and BTIG, LLC are acting as representatives of the several Underwriters and in such
capacity are hereinafter referred to as the Representatives.

2.Representations and Warranties

The Company represents and
warrants to the several Underwriters, as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date (as defined below), and agrees with the several
Underwriters, that:

(a)Registration Statement. A registration statement of the Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267225) (including all
amendments thereto, the Initial Registration Statement) in respect of the Stock has been filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act). The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the Rules and Regulations). The Initial Registration
Statement has been declared effective by the Commission in such form and meets the requirements of the Securities Act and the Rules and
Regulations. The proposed offering of the Stock may be made pursuant to General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. Other than (i) the Initial
Registration Statement, (ii) any Preliminary Prospectus (as defined below), (iii) the Prospectus (as defined below) contemplated by this
Agreement to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof and (iv) any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below), no other document with respect to the offer or sale of the Stock has heretofore been filed
with the Commission. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto has been issued and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act has been initiated or, to the
Companys knowledge, contemplated or threatened by the Commission (any preliminary prospectus included in the Initial Registration
Statement or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Rules and Regulations is hereinafter called a Preliminary
Prospectus). The Initial Registration Statement, including all exhibits thereto, and including the information contained
in the Prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations and deemed by virtue of Rule 430B under
the Securities Act to be part of the Initial Registration Statement at the time it became effective, is hereinafter collectively called
the Registration Statement. The base prospectus included in the Initial Registration Statement at the time
of effectiveness thereof, as supplemented by the final prospectus supplement relating to the offer and sale of the Stock, in the form
filed pursuant to and within the time limits described in Rule 424(b) under the Rules and Regulations, is hereinafter called the
Prospectus.

Any reference herein
to the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein. Any reference to any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to
refer to and include any documents filed after the date of such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and incorporated by reference in such Preliminary Prospectus or
Prospectus, as the case may be. Any reference to (i) the Registration Statement shall be deemed to refer to and include the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the last completed fiscal year of the Company filed under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior
to the date hereof and (ii) the effective date of such Registration Statement shall be deemed to refer to and include the date such Registration
Statement became effective and, if later, the date such Annual Report on Form 10-K was so filed. Any reference to any amendment to the
Registration Statement shall be deemed to refer to and include any Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement.

(b)General Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time (as defined below) and as of each Closing Date (as defined below),
as the case may be, neither (i) any General Use Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time,
the Pricing Prospectus (as defined below) and the information included on Schedule C hereto, all considered together (collectively,
the General Disclosure Package), nor (ii) any individual Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below),
nor (iii) the bona fide electronic roadshow (as defined in Rule 433(h)(5) of the Rules and Regulations), nor (iv) any individual Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication (as defined below), in each case when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included
or will include any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company
makes no representations or warranties as to information contained in or omitted from the Pricing Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus (as defined below), in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives
by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information the parties hereto agree is limited to the Underwriters
Information (as defined in Section 18). As used in this paragraph (b) and elsewhere in this Agreement:

Applicable Time
means 7:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such other time as agreed to in writing by the Company and the Representatives.

2

Pricing Prospectus
means the Preliminary Prospectus relating to the Stock that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the Applicable
Time, including any document incorporated by reference therein.

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Rules and Regulations
relating to the Stock in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained
in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g) of the Rules and Regulations.

General Use Free
Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is identified on Schedule B to this Agreement.

Limited Use Free
Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not a General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of
the Securities Act.

Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405
of the Rules and Regulations.

(c)No Stop Orders; No Material Misstatements. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus relating to the proposed offering of the Stock has been issued by the Commission, and
no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act has been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge,
contemplated or threatened by the Commission, and each Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof, conformed in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations, and did not contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to information
contained in or omitted from any Preliminary Prospectus, in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the
Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information the parties
hereto agree is limited to the Underwriters Information.

(d)Registration Statement and Prospectus Contents. At the respective times the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto
became or have become effective as to the Underwriters and at each Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto
conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations and did not
and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at each Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided, however, that the foregoing representations and warranties in this paragraph (d) shall not
apply to information contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of
any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information the parties hereto agree is limited to the Underwriters Information.

3

(e)Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through
the completion of the public offer and sale of the Stock or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives
as described in Section 4(f), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with
the information contained in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by
reference therein and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified, or included or would
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that the foregoing representations and warranties in this paragraph (e) shall not apply to information contained in or
omitted from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, in reliance upon, and in conformity
with, written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion
therein, which information the parties hereto agree is limited to the Underwriters Information.

(f)Documents Incorporated by Reference. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, at the time they were filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, as applicable, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, do not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(g)Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any
offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Stock other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and other
materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 4(b) below. The Company will file with the Commission
all Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses (other than a road show as described in Rule 433(d)(8) of the Rules and Regulations)
in the time and manner required under Rules 163(b)(2) and 433(d) of the Rules and Regulations.

(h)Emerging Growth Company. From the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to act
on its behalf in any communication in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act through the date hereof, the Company has been and
is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

(i)Not an Ineligible Issuer. At the date hereof, the Company is not, an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Rules and Regulations.

(j)Testing the Waters Communications. The Company (a) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication
other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representatives with entities that the Company reasonably believes
are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors
within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (b) has not authorized anyone other than the Representatives to engage in
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed
on Schedule D hereto.

4

(k)Exchange Act Compliance. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, and any amendment or
supplement thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and, when read
together with the other information in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time the Registration Statement and
any amendments thereto become effective and at each Closing Date, as the case may be, will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

(l)Statistical and Market-Related Data. All statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry,
to be reliable and accurate. To the extent required, the Company has obtained the written consent for the use of such data from such sources.

(m)Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Deficiencies in or Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company
has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act), which
(i) are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
the Companys principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities, during the periods
in which the periodic reports required under the Exchange Act are being prepared; (ii) have been evaluated by management of the Company
for effectiveness as of the end of the Companys most recent fiscal quarter; and (iii) are effective in all material respects to
perform the functions for which they were established. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there have
been no significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not
remediated) and no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company is not aware of any change in
its internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

(n)No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change in (A) the condition, financial or otherwise,
or in the earnings, business, properties, operations, operating results, assets, liabilities or prospects, whether or not arising from
transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity or (B) the ability of the
Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or perform its obligations hereunder (any such change being referred
to herein as a Material Adverse Change); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity,
have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, including without limitation any material losses
or interference with their business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance,
or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, that are material, individually or in the aggregate,
to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and have not entered into any material transactions not in the ordinary
course of business; and (iii) there has not been any material decrease in the capital stock or any material increase in any short-term
or long-term indebtedness of the Company or its subsidiaries and there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid
or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the Company or other subsidiaries, by any of the Companys subsidiaries
on any class of capital stock, or any repurchase or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any class of capital stock.

5

(o)Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(p)The Stock. The Stock to be issued and sold by the Company to the Underwriters hereunder has been duly and validly authorized
and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and will conform to the descriptions thereof in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the
issuance of the Stock is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights.

(q)No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have
any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement,
except for such rights as have been duly waived.

(r)Independent Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements
(which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
Act and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), (ii) in compliance with the applicable
requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and (iii) a registered
public accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not been suspended or revoked and who has not requested such registration
to be withdrawn.

(s)Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries filed with the Commission
as a part of the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved,
except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has
been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. No other financial statements or supporting
schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus. The financial data
set forth in each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus under the caption Dilution fairly present the information
set forth therein on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements contained in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(t)Companys Accounting System. The Company and each of its subsidiaries make and keep accurate books and records and
maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States and to maintain accountability
for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect
to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance
with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

6

(u)Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as
a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation
to transact business and is in good standing in the State of Delaware and each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required,
whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business.

(v)Subsidiaries. Each of the Companys subsidiaries (for purposes of this Agreement, as defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act) has been duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, and is validly existing as a corporation, partnership
or limited liability company, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization
and has the power and authority (corporate or other) to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Each of the Companys subsidiaries is duly qualified
as a foreign corporation, partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, to transact business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business.
All of the issued and outstanding capital stock or other equity or ownership interests of each of the Companys subsidiaries have
been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries,
and, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are free and clear of any security
interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or adverse claim. None of the outstanding capital stock or equity interest in any subsidiary
was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of such subsidiary. The constitutive or organizational
documents of each of the subsidiaries comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization and are in full force and effect. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation,
association or other entity, other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and Humacyte Europe Limited.

(w)Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as
set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any,
pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Prospectus or upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, or issuances of
earn-out shares, in each case described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). The Common
Stock (including the Stock) conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid
and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities of the Company. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other
rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries other than those described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
The descriptions of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights
granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents
the information in all material respects required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights.

7

(x)Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and is listed
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the Exchange), and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely
to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from the
Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Exchange is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Exchange.

(y)Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or operating agreement or similar organizational
documents, as applicable, or is in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default)
under any indenture, loan, credit agreement, note, lease, license agreement, contract, franchise or other instrument (including, without
limitation, any pledge agreement, security agreement, mortgage or other instrument or agreement evidencing, guaranteeing, securing or
relating to indebtedness) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to
which any of their respective properties or assets are subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except for
such Defaults as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and the issuance and sale of the Stock (including the use of proceeds from the sale
of the Stock as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) (i) have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws, partnership
agreement or operating agreement or similar organizational documents, as applicable, of the Company or any subsidiary (ii) will not conflict
with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or
imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require
the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to result in a Material Adverse Change and (iii) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative
or court decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with,
any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, except such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act
and such as may be required under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or FINRA (as defined below). As used herein, a Debt
Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would
give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right
to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

8

(z)No Material Actions or Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation brought by or before
any legal or governmental entity now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. No
material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or with the employees of any principal supplier,
manufacturer, customer or contractor of the Company, exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or imminent.

(aa)Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its subsidiaries own, or have obtained valid and enforceable licenses for,
the inventions, patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual
property described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being owned or licensed by them
or which are necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted
(collectively, Intellectual Property) and the conduct of their respective businesses does not and will not
infringe, misappropriate or otherwise conflict in any material respect with any such rights of others. The Intellectual Property of the
Company has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and the Company
is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such adjudication. To the Company's knowledge: (i) there are no third
parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, except for customary reversionary rights of third-party licensors with respect to
Intellectual Property that is disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as licensed to
the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property. There
is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging the Companys
rights in or to any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action,
suit, proceeding or claim; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware
of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; or (C) asserting that the Company or
any of its subsidiaries infringes or otherwise violates, or would, upon the commercialization of any product or service described in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as under development, infringe or violate, any patent, trademark,
trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any facts which
would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim. The Company and its subsidiaries have complied in all material
respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any subsidiary,
and all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents
or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect,
maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property, including the execution of appropriate nondisclosure, confidentiality agreements and
invention assignment agreements and invention assignments with their employees, and to the knowledge of the Company, no employee of the
Company is in material violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement,
non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement, or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer
where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company. The duty of candor and good faith as required
by the United States Patent and Trademark Office during the prosecution of the United States patents and patent applications included
in the Intellectual Property have been complied with; and in all foreign offices having similar requirements, all such requirements have
been complied with. None of the Company owned Intellectual Property or technology (including information technology and outsourced arrangements)
employed by the Company or its subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the Company or its subsidiary in violation of any contractual
obligation binding on the Company or its subsidiaries. The product candidates described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus as under development by the Company or any subsidiary fall within the scope of the claims of one or more patents
owned by, or exclusively licensed to, the Company or any subsidiary.

9

(bb)All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and each subsidiary possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations
or permits required by state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted
and as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (Permits).
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in material violation of, or in material default under, any of the Permits or has received
any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or
permit.

(cc)Title to Properties. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all of the real and personal property and other assets
reflected as owned in the financial statements referred to in Section 2(s) above (or elsewhere in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus), in each case free and clear of any security interests, mortgages, liens, encumbrances,
equities, adverse claims and other defects. The real property, improvements, equipment and personal property held under lease by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially
interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company
or such subsidiary.

(dd)Tax Law Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise
tax returns or have properly requested extensions thereof and have paid all material taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if
due and payable, any material related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them except as may be being contested
in good faith and by appropriate proceedings. The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in the applicable financial
statements referred to in Section 2(s) above in respect of all material federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for
all periods covered by such financial statements as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has not been
finally determined.

(ee)Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for
the Stock or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(ff)Insurance. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries are insured by recognized, financially sound and reputable institutions
with policies in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are generally deemed adequate and customary for their
businesses including, but not limited to, policies covering real and personal property owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries
against theft, damage, destruction, acts of vandalism and earthquakes and policies covering the Company and its subsidiaries for product
liability claims and clinical trial liability claims. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any of its subsidiaries will not
be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar
institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been denied any insurance coverage which it
has sought or for which it has applied.

10

(gg)No Price Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the
Common Stock or of any reference security (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation
M)) with respect to the Common Stock, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Stock or otherwise, and has taken
no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M.

(hh)Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus which have not been described as required.

(ii)FINRA Matters. All of the information provided to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters by the Company is
true, complete, correct and compliant in all material respects with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.s (FINRA)
rules and any letters, filings or other supplemental information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules or NASD Conduct Rules is true,
complete and correct.

(jj)No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, any employee or agent acting on behalf of the Company or any subsidiary, has made any contribution or other payment to any
official of, or candidate for, any federal, state or foreign office in violation of any law or of the character required to be disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(kk)Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result
in a Material Adverse Change; (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation in any material respect of any federal,
state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection
of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata)
or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous Materials)
or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively,
Environmental Laws), (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and approvals
required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements in all material respects, (iii) there
are no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand
letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against
the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (iv) to the Companys knowledge, there are no events or circumstances existing on the
date hereof that might reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding
by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous
Materials or any Environmental Laws.

11

(ll)Periodic Review of Costs of Environmental Compliance. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company considers the
effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, in the course of which it
identifies and evaluates associated costs and liabilities (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required
for compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential
liabilities to third parties). No facts or circumstances have come to the Companys attention that would reasonably be expected
to result in costs or liabilities that would be reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse
Change.

(mm)ERISA Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA))
established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance
in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code) of which the Company or such subsidiary
is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to
any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No
employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such
employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under
ERISA). Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any liability
under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections
412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries
or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

(nn)Brokers. Except for the fees and expenses payable to the Underwriters pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, there is
no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission
as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(oo)No Outstanding Loans or Other Extensions of Credit. The Company does not have any outstanding extension of credit, in the
form of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company except for such extensions
of credit as are expressly permitted by Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

(pp)Compliance with Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations, except where failure to be so in compliance would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result
in a Material Adverse Change.

(qq)Dividend Restrictions. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, no subsidiary of the Company is prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying dividends to the Company, or
from making any other distribution with respect to such subsidiarys equity securities or from repaying to the Company or any other
subsidiary of the Company any amounts that may from time to time become due under any loans or advances to such subsidiary from the Company
or from transferring any property or assets to the Company or to any other subsidiary.

12

(rr)Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor to the knowledge of the
Company, any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent
or affiliate acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company
or any of its subsidiaries (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken any act in furtherance of an offer, promise, or authorization of any direct or indirect
unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled
entity or public international organization, or any political party, party official, or candidate for political office; (iii) violated
or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA),
the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, authorized, requested, or
taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment or benefit. The
Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies
and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

(ss)Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are, and have been conducted at all times, in
compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related
or similar applicable rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the
Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(tt)Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical tests and clinical trials, and other studies (collectively,
studies) that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus were and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures
and controls designed and approved for such studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures; each description of
the results of such studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such studies,
and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are materially inconsistent with, or
otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus; the Company and its subsidiaries have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required by the Food
and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services or any committee thereof or from any other comparable U.S.
or foreign government or drug or medical device regulatory agency, or health care facility Institutional Review Board (collectively, the
Regulatory Agencies); except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency
requiring the termination, suspension or modification of any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus; and the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies.

13

(uu)Sanctions. Neither the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company any of its or its subsidiaries
directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject
or the target of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC)
or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom,
or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions); nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries
located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation,
the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government
controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine (or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive
Order 14065), Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of this offering, or
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, or any joint venture partner or other person or entity,
for the purpose of financing the activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such financing,
is the subject or the target of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating
in the transaction whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of applicable Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, the Company
and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that
at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.

(vv)Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(ww)Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems,
networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate
for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and
its subsidiaries as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and
other corruptants. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative
controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses.
Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph,
social security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information,
or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the
Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) (EU 2016/679); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health information
under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (v) any other piece of information that allows the identification
of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons
health or sexual orientation. To the knowledge of the Company, there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of
or accesses to same, except for those that have not resulted in a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently
in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

14

(xx)Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance
with all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and, to the
extent applicable, the Company and its subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May
25, 2018, have been and currently are in compliance with the GDPR (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure
compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed
to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection,
storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The Company and its subsidiaries
have at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none
of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable
laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any subsidiary: (i)
has received written notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the
Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently
conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law;
or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(yy)Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all times have been, in material compliance
with applicable all Health Care Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the regulations
promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation,
the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal false
statements law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S.
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the Stark Law (42
U.S.C. Section 1395nn), the civil monetary penalties law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a), the exclusion law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7),
the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. Section 1320-7h), and applicable laws governing government funded or sponsored healthcare
programs; (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et
seq.); (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of
2010; (v) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory
bodies; and (vi) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company
or its subsidiaries, and (vii) the directives and regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart
thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third
party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Health Care Laws in any material respect nor, to the Companys
knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The
Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material
respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to
any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by
any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective employees,
officers, directors, or, to the Companys knowledge, agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S.
federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the Companys knowledge, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation,
proceeding, or other similar action that could reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

15

(zz)Margin Rules. The application of the proceeds received by the Company from the issuance, sale and delivery of the Stock
as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve system or any other regulation of such Board of Governors.

(aaa)Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in either the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable
basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(bbb)No Acquisitions or Dispositions. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, there are no contracts, letters of intent, term sheets, agreements, arrangements or understandings with respect to
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition by the Company of material interests in real or personal property.

(ccc)Export and Import Laws. Each of the Company and the subsidiaries, and, to the Companys knowledge, each of their affiliates
and any director, officer, agent or employee of, or other person associated with or acting on behalf of, the Company has acted at all
times in material compliance with applicable Export and Import Laws (as defined below) and there are no claims, complaints, charges, investigations
or proceedings pending or expected or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any of the subsidiaries and
any governmental authority under any Export or Import Laws. The term Export and Import Laws means the Arms
Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, the Export Administration
Regulations, and all other laws and regulations of the United States government regulating the provision of services to non-U.S. parties
or the export and import of articles or information from and to the United States of America, and all similar laws and regulations of
any foreign government regulating the provision of services to parties not of the foreign country or the export and import of articles
and information from and to the foreign country to parties not of the foreign country.

Any certificate signed by or on behalf of the
Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by
the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby.

3.Purchase, Sale and Delivery of Offered Securities. On the basis of
the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to sell to the Underwriters, and the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective
numbers of shares of Firm Stock set forth opposite the names of the Underwriters in Schedule A hereto.

16

The purchase price per share
to be paid by the Underwriters to the Company for the Firm Stock will be $1.88 per share (the Purchase Price).

The Company will deliver the
Firm Stock to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, through the facilities of The Depository Trust
Company, issued in such names and in such denominations as the Representatives may direct by notice in writing to the Company given at
or prior to 12:00 p.m., New York time, on the business day preceding the Firm Closing Date against payment of the aggregate Purchase Price
therefor by wire transfer in federal (same day) funds to an account at a bank reasonably acceptable to the Representatives payable to
the order of the Company. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified pursuant to this Agreement is a further
condition of the obligations of each Underwriter hereunder. The time and date of the delivery and closing shall be at 10:00 a.m., New
York time, on March 27, 2025, in accordance with Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act. The time and date of such payment and delivery are herein
referred to as the Firm Closing Date. The Firm Closing Date and the location of delivery of, and the form
of payment for, the Firm Stock may be varied by written agreement between the Company and the Representatives.

The Underwriters may purchase
all or less than all of the Optional Stock. The price per share to be paid for the Optional Stock shall be the Purchase Price. The Company
agrees to sell to the Underwriters the number of shares of Optional Stock specified in the written notice delivered by the Representatives
to the Company described below and the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase such shares of Optional Stock. Such
shares of Optional Stock shall be purchased from the Company for the account of each Underwriter in the same proportion as the number
of shares of Firm Stock set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A bears to the total number of shares of Firm
Stock (subject to adjustment by the Representatives to eliminate fractions). The option granted hereby may be exercised as to all or any
part of the Optional Stock at any time, and from time to time, provided however, that notice of such exercise must be delivered
not more than 30 days subsequent to the date of this Agreement. No Optional Stock shall be sold and delivered unless the Firm Stock previously
has been, or simultaneously is, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Optional Stock or any portion thereof may be surrendered
and terminated at any time upon notice by Representatives to the Company.

The option granted hereby
shall be exercised by written notice being given to the Company by the Representatives setting forth the number of shares of the Optional
Stock to be purchased by the Underwriters and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Optional Stock. Each date and time
for delivery of and payment for the Optional Stock (which may be the Firm Closing Date, but not earlier) is herein called the Option
Closing Date and shall in no event be earlier than one business day nor later than five business days after written notice
is given. Any Option Closing Date and the Firm Closing Date are herein called the Closing Dates.

The Company will deliver the
Optional Stock to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, through the facilities of The Depository
Trust Company, issued in such names and in such denominations as the Representatives may direct by notice in writing to the Company given
at or prior to 12:00 p.m., New York time, on the business day preceding the Option Closing Date against payment of the aggregate Purchase
Price therefor by wire transfer in federal (same day) funds to an account at a bank reasonably acceptable to the Representatives payable
to the order of the Company. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified pursuant to this Agreement is
a further condition of the obligations of each Underwriter hereunder. The Option Closing Date and the location of delivery of, and the
form of payment for, the Optional Stock may be varied by written agreement between the Company and the Representatives.

17

The several Underwriters propose
to offer the Stock for sale upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Prospectus. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters
may offer and sell Stock to or through any affiliate of an Underwriter.

4.Further Agreements 

The Company agrees with the
several Underwriters:

(a)Required Filings; Amendments or Supplements; Notice to the Representatives. To prepare the Prospectus in a form approved
by the Representatives containing information previously omitted at the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement in reliance
on Rule 430B of the Rules and Regulations and to file such Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations not later than
the second business day following the execution and delivery of this Agreement or, if applicable, such earlier time as may be required
by the Securities Act; to notify the Representatives promptly of the Companys intention to file or prepare any supplement or amendment
to the Registration Statement or to the Prospectus and to make no amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package or to the Prospectus to which the Representatives shall reasonably object by notice to the Company after a reasonable period to
review; to advise the Representatives, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when any amendment to the Registration Statement
has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any amended Prospectus or
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication has been filed and to furnish the Underwriters with
copies thereof; to file promptly all material required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rules 433(d) or 163(b)(2)
of the Rules and Regulations, as the case may be; to file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required
to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date
of the Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus (or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Rules
and Regulations) is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Stock; to advise the Representatives, promptly after it receives
notice thereof, of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, of the suspension of the
qualification of the Stock for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose,
or of any request by the Commission for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus or for additional information including, but not limited to, any request for information concerning any Testing-the-Waters
Communication; and, in the event of the issuance of any stop order or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus or suspending any such qualification, and promptly to use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order.

(b)Emerging Growth Company. The Company will promptly notify the Representatives if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth
Company at any time prior to the later of (a) the completion of the distribution of the Firm Stock within the meaning of the Securities
Act and (b) completion of the Lock-Up Period (as defined below).

If at any time following
the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which
such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit
to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent
time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense,
such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or omission.

18

(c)Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Representatives,
and each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not
made and will not make any offer relating to the Stock that would constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule
405 of the Rules and Regulations unless the prior written consent of the Representatives has been received (each, a Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus); provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives hereto shall be deemed
to have been given in respect of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus included in Schedule B hereto. The Company represents that
it has treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, comply with
the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Rules and Regulations applicable to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, including the requirements
relating to timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping and will not take any action that would result in an Underwriter
or the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Rules and Regulations a free writing prospectus
prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that such Underwriter otherwise would not have been required to file thereunder.

(d)Ongoing Compliance. If at any time prior to the date when a prospectus relating to the Stock is required to be delivered
(or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) any event occurs or condition exists as a result
of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made when the Prospectus is delivered
(or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Rules and Regulations), not misleading, or if it is necessary at any
time to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by
reference in the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, that the Company will promptly notify the Representatives
thereof and upon their request will prepare an appropriate amendment or supplement or upon their request make an appropriate filing pursuant
to Section 13 or 14 of the Exchange Act in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives which will correct such
statement or omission or effect such compliance and will use its reasonable best efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement
declared effective as soon as possible. The Company will furnish without charge to each Underwriter and to any dealer in securities as
many copies as the Representatives may from time to time reasonably request of such amendment or supplement. In case any Underwriter is
required to deliver a prospectus (or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Rules and Regulations) relating to
the Stock, the Company upon the request of the Representatives will prepare promptly an amended or supplemented Prospectus as may be necessary
to permit compliance with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act and deliver to such Underwriter as many copies as
such Underwriter may request of such amended or supplemented Prospectus complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act.

(e)Amendment to General Disclosure Package. If the General Disclosure Package is being used to solicit offers to buy the Stock
at a time when the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers and any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment
of the Company or in the reasonable opinion of the Underwriters, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then prevailing, not misleading, or to make the statements
therein not conflict with the information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement then on file and not superseded
or modified, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package to comply with any law, the Company
promptly will either (i) prepare, file with the Commission (if required) and furnish to the Underwriters and any dealers an appropriate
amendment or supplement to the General Disclosure Package or (ii) prepare and file with the Commission an appropriate filing under the
Exchange Act which shall be incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package so that the General Disclosure Package as so amended
or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances then prevailing, be misleading or conflict with the Registration Statement
then on file, or so that the General Disclosure Package will comply with law.

19

(f)Amendment to Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there
occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or will conflict with the
information contained in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus or Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference
therein and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part thereof and not superseded or modified or included or would include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at the subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has promptly
notified or will promptly notify the Representatives so that any use of the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus may cease until it is amended
or supplemented and has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions
from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company through
the Representatives by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information the parties hereto agree
is limited to the Underwriters Information.

(g)Delivery of Registration Statement. To the extent not available on the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis
and Retrieval system or any successor system (EDGAR), upon the request of the Representatives, to furnish
promptly to the Representatives and to counsel for the Underwriters a signed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed with
the Commission, and of each amendment thereto filed with the Commission, including all consents and exhibits filed therewith.

(h)Delivery of Copies. Upon request of the Representatives, to the extent not available on EDGAR, to deliver promptly to the
Representatives in New York City such number of the following documents as the Representatives shall reasonably request: (i) conformed
copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed with the Commission (in each case excluding exhibits), (ii) each Preliminary
Prospectus, (iii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, (iv) the Prospectus (the delivery of the documents referred to in clauses (i), (ii),
(iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (h) to be made not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the business day following the execution
and delivery of this Agreement), (v) conformed copies of any amendment to the Registration Statement (excluding exhibits), (vi) any amendment
or supplement to the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (the delivery of the documents referred to in clauses (v) and (vi) of
this paragraph (h) to be made not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the business day following the date of such amendment or supplement)
and (vii) any document incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (excluding exhibits thereto) (the
delivery of the documents referred to in clause (vi) of this paragraph (h) to be made not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the
business day following the date of such document).

20

(i)Earnings Statement. To make generally available to its stockholders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later
than 16 months after the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 158(c) of the Rules and Regulations), an earnings
statement of the Company and its subsidiaries (which need not be audited) complying with Section 11(a) of the Securities Act (including,
at the option of the Company, Rule 158).

(j)Blue Sky Compliance. To take promptly from time to time such actions as the Representatives may reasonably request to qualify
the Stock for offering and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representatives
may reasonably designate and to continue such qualifications in effect, and to comply with such laws, for so long as required to permit
the offer and sale of Stock in such jurisdictions; provided that the Company and its subsidiaries shall not be obligated to (i)
qualify as foreign corporations in any jurisdiction in which they are not so qualified, (ii) file a general consent to service of process
in any jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject.

(k)Reports. Upon request, during the period of three years from the date hereof, to deliver to each of the Underwriters, (i)
as soon as they are available, copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to stockholders, and (ii)
as soon as they are available, copies of any reports and financial statements furnished or filed with the Commission or any national
securities exchange on which the Stock is listed. However, so long as the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of either
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and is timely filing reports on EDGAR, it is not required to furnish such reports or
statements to the Underwriters.

(l)Lock-Up. During the period commencing on and including the date hereof and ending on and including the 90th day following
the date of this Agreement, (the Lock-Up Period) the Company will not, without the prior written consent
of TD Cowen and Barclays (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of TD Cowen and Barclays), directly or indirectly offer,
sell (including, without limitation, any short sale), assign, transfer, pledge, contract to sell, establish an open put equivalent
position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of, or announce the offering of, or
submit or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any Common Stock, options, rights or warrants to acquire
Common Stock or securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock (other than is contemplated by this Agreement
with respect to the Stock) or publicly announce any intention to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that the Company
may (i) issue Common Stock and options to purchase Common Stock, shares of Common Stock underlying options granted and other securities,
each pursuant to any director or employee stock option plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company in effect
on the date hereof and described in the General Disclosure Package; (ii) file any registration statement on Form S-8 or a successor form
thereto relating to the Common Stock granted pursuant to or reserved for issuance under the stock-based compensation plans of the Company
referred to in clause (i); (iii) issue Common Stock pursuant to the conversion of securities or the exercise of options or warrants,
which securities, options or warrants are outstanding on the date hereof and described in the General Disclosure Package; (iv) issue
Common Stock or other securities to a third party in connection with a bona fide commercial relationship (including strategic partnerships,
joint ventures, marketing or distribution arrangements, collaboration agreements or acquisition or license of any business products,
technology or intellectual property) or any bona fide acquisition of assets of not less than a majority or controlling portion of the
equity of another entity, provided that the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Company may sell or issue or agree to
sell or issue shall not exceed 5% of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately subsequent to the
completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and provided further that it shall be a condition to the sale, issuance
or transfer of shares of any such securities that the transferee executes and delivers to the Representatives, acting on behalf of the
Underwriters, not later than one business day prior to such transfer, a written agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit I
hereto, and otherwise satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives, and provided further that such shares of Common
Stock are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit
the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the Lock-Up Period; (v) adopt a new equity incentive plan or
amend a current equity incentive plan, and file a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the offer and
sale of securities to be issued pursuant to such new or amended equity incentive plan, and issue securities pursuant to such new or amended
equity incentive plan (including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of options or other securities
issued pursuant to such new or amended equity incentive plan), provided that (1) such new or amended equity incentive plan satisfies
the transaction requirements of General Instruction A.1 of Form S-8 under the Securities Act and (2) this clause (v) shall not be available
unless each recipient of shares of Common Stock, or securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock, that
in each case are vested and exercisable during the Lock-Up Period, pursuant to such new or amended equity incentive plan shall be contractually
prohibited from selling, offering, disposing of or otherwise transferring any such shares or securities during the remainder of the Lock-Up
Period; and (vi) file any registration statement on Form S-3, provided that no securities are issued pursuant to any such registration
statement during the Lock-Up Period. The Company will cause each person and entity listed in Schedule E to furnish to the Representatives,
prior to the Firm Closing Date, a lock-up agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto.

21

(m)Delivery of Commission Correspondence. To supply the Underwriters with copies of all correspondence to and from, and all
documents issued to and by, the Commission in connection with the registration of the Stock under the Securities Act or any of the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto or document incorporated by reference
therein.

(n)Press Releases. Prior to the Closing Date, not to issue any press release or other communication directly or indirectly
or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs or business
prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the past practices
of the Company and of which the Representatives are notified), without the prior consent of the Representatives, unless in the judgment
of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Representatives, such press release or communication is required by law.

(o)Compliance with Regulation M. Until the Underwriters shall have notified the Company of the completion of the resale of
the Stock, that the Company will not, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its affiliated purchasers (as defined in Regulation
M under the Exchange Act) not to, either alone or with one or more other persons, bid for or purchase, for any account in which it or
any of its affiliated purchasers has a beneficial interest, any Stock, or attempt to induce any person to purchase any Stock; and not
to, and to use its reasonable best efforts to cause its affiliated purchasers not to, make bids or purchase for the purpose of creating
actual, or apparent, active trading in or of raising the price of the Stock.

(p)Registrar and Transfer Agent. To maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

(q)Use of Proceeds. To apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Stock as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading Use of Proceeds.

(r)Exchange Listing. To use its reasonable best efforts to list, subject to notice of issuance, the Stock on the Exchange.

22

(s)Performance of Covenants and Satisfaction of Conditions. To use its reasonable best efforts to do and perform all things
required to be done or performed under this Agreement by the Company prior to each Closing Date and to satisfy all conditions precedent
to the delivery of the Firm Stock and the Optional Stock.

5.Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay, or reimburse if paid
by any Underwriter, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated or this Agreement is terminated: (a) the costs
incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and delivery of the Stock and any taxes payable in that connection; (b) the
costs incident to the registration of the Stock under the Securities Act; (c) the costs incident to the preparation, printing and distribution
of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus,
any amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto or any document incorporated by reference therein and the costs of printing, reproducing
and distributing, the Agreement Among Underwriters between the Representatives and the Underwriters, the Master Selected
Dealers Agreement, the Underwriters Questionnaire, this Agreement and any closing documents by mail, telex or other means
of communications; (d) the fees and expenses (including related reasonably incurred and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the
Underwriters) incurred in connection with securing any required review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Stock and any filings
made with FINRA; (e) any applicable listing or other fees; (f) the fees and expenses (including related reasonably incurred and documented
fees and expenses of counsel to the Underwriters) of qualifying the Stock under the securities laws of the several jurisdictions as provided
in Section 4(j)) and of preparing, printing and distributing wrappers, Blue Sky Memoranda and Legal Investment Surveys; provided, however,
that the reasonably incurred and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters relating to clauses (d) and (f) shall not
exceed $20,000 in the aggregate; (g) all fees and expenses of the registrar and transfer agent of the Stock; (h) the costs and expenses
of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection with the marketing of the offering
of the Stock, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the preparation or dissemination of any electronic road show, expenses
associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the
road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, and (i) all other costs and expenses incident to the offering of the
Stock or the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses
of the Companys counsel and the Companys independent accountants); provided that, except to the extent otherwise
provided in this Section 5 and in Sections 9 and 10, the Underwriters shall pay their own costs and expenses, including the fees and
expenses of their counsel not contemplated herein, any transfer taxes on the resale of any Stock by them and the expenses of advertising
any offering of the Stock made by the Underwriters.

6.Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The respective obligations
of the several Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made and as of the Applicable Time and on each Closing Date,
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates
pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional
terms and conditions:

(a)Registration Compliance; No Stop Orders. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act, and
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof, preventing or suspending the use of any
Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission, and all
requests for additional information on the part of the Commission (to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus or otherwise) shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives; each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with, the Commission within the applicable time period prescribed for such
filing by, and in compliance with, the Rules and Regulations and in accordance with Section 4(a); and FINRA shall have raised no unresolved
objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

23

(b)No Material Misstatements. None of the Underwriters shall have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to such
Closing Date that the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in
the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material
and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or that the General Disclosure Package,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of fact which,
in the opinion of such counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material and is necessary
in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

(c)Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Stock, the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Underwriters and the Company
shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such
matters.

(d)Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Company. Covington & Burling LLP shall have furnished to the
Representatives such counsels written opinion and 10b-5 statement, as counsel to the Company, addressed to the Underwriters and
dated such Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives.

(e)Opinion of Intellectual Property Counsel for the Company. Cooley LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives such counsels
written opinion, as intellectual property counsel to the Company, addressed to the Underwriters and dated such Closing Date, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives.

(f)Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Underwriters. The Representatives shall have received from Paul Hastings
LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions and 10b-5 statement, dated such Closing Date, with respect to such matters
as the Underwriters may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they request for enabling
them to pass upon such matters.

(g)Comfort Letter. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP a letter, addressed to the Underwriters, executed and dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives
(i) confirming that they are an independent registered accounting firm with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning
of the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations and PCAOB and (ii) stating the conclusions and findings of such firm, of the type
ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters, with respect to the financial statements and
certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus.

24

(h)Bring Down Comfort. On the effective date of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement and on such Closing
Date, the Representatives shall have received a letter (the bring-down letter) from PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP addressed to the Underwriters and dated such Closing Date confirming, as of the date of the bring-down letter (or, with respect to
matters involving changes or developments since the respective dates as of which specified financial information is given in the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of a date not more than three (3) business days prior to the date of the
bring-down letter), the conclusions and findings of such firm, of the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters
to underwriters, with respect to the financial information and other matters covered by its letter delivered to the Representatives concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement pursuant to paragraph (g) of this Section 6.

(i)Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate, dated such Closing
Date, of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating in their respective capacities as officers of the Company
on behalf of the Company and not in their individual capacities that (i) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, shall be in effect and no proceedings for such purpose shall have been instituted
or, to their knowledge, threatened by the Commission, (ii) for the period from and including the date of this Agreement through and including
such Closing Date, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change, (iii) to their knowledge, after reasonable investigation, as of
such Closing Date, the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied
with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to such Closing Date,
and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference
in the General Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or
any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to involve a Material Adverse Change, except
as set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(j)No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the General Disclosure
Package or incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package as of the date hereof, (i) neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries shall have sustained any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or
not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth in
the General Disclosure Package, and (ii) there shall not have been any change in the capital stock (other than stock option exercises
in the ordinary course of business) or long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any change, or any development involving
a prospective change, in or affecting the business, general affairs, management, financial position, stockholders equity or results
of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, otherwise than as set forth in the General Disclosure Package, the effect of which,
in any such case described in clause (i) or (ii) of this paragraph (j), is, in the judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse
as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Stock on the terms and in the manner contemplated
in the General Disclosure Package.

(k)No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no law, statute, rule, regulation or order shall have
been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental or regulatory agency or body which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Stock;
and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have
been issued which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Stock or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company.

(l)[Reserved].

25

(m)Market Conditions. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement there shall not have occurred any of the
following: (i) trading in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or
the Exchange, or trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Global Market, Nasdaq
Capital Market or the NYSE MKT LLC or in the over-the-counter market, or trading in any securities of the Company on any exchange or
in the over-the-counter market, shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices or maximum range for prices
shall have been established on any such exchange or such market by the Commission, by such exchange or market or by any other regulatory
body or governmental authority having jurisdiction, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared by Federal or state authorities
or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States, (iii)
the United States shall have become engaged in hostilities, or the subject of an act of terrorism, or there shall have been an outbreak
of or escalation in hostilities involving the United States, or there shall have been a declaration of a national emergency or war by
the United States or (iv) there shall have occurred such a material adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions
(or the effect of international conditions on the financial markets in the United States shall be such) as to make it, in the judgment
of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Stock on the terms and in the manner
contemplated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(n)Exchange Listing. The Company shall have filed a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with the Nasdaq and shall
have received no objection thereto from the Nasdaq.

(o)Good Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of such Closing Date satisfactory evidence of the good
standing of the Company and its subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions of organization and their good standing as foreign entities
in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication
from the appropriate Governmental Authorities of such jurisdictions.

(p)Lock Up Agreements. The Representatives shall have received the written agreements, substantially in the form of Exhibit I
hereto, of the officers, directors and affiliates of the Company listed in Schedule E to this Agreement.

(q)Secretarys Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a Secretarys Certificate
of the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters and customary for the type of offering
contemplated by this Agreement.

(r)Chief Financial Officer Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate, on the date
hereof and on such Closing Date, of its Chief Financial Officer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives.

(s)Additional Document. On or prior to such Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further
certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request.

All opinions, letters, evidence
and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if
they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters.

26

7.Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)Indemnification of Underwriters by the Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless:

each Underwriter,
its affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, employees, representatives and agents and each person, if any, who controls any
Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified Party) against any loss, claim, damage,
expense or liability whatsoever (or any action, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof), joint or several, to which such Underwriter
Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability,
action, investigation or proceeding arises out of or is based upon (A) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer
information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Rules and Regulations, the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or document incorporated by reference therein or in any materials or information
provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Common Stock,
including any roadshow or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically) (Marketing
Materials) or (B) the omission or alleged omission to state in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, any Preliminary
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d)
of the Rules and Regulations, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or document incorporated
by reference therein, or in any Marketing Materials, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and shall reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Party promptly upon demand for any legal fees or other expenses
reasonably incurred by that Underwriter Indemnified Party in connection with investigating, or preparing to defend, or defending against,
or appearing as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim, damage, expense,
liability, action, investigation or proceeding, as such fees and expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, expense or liability arises out of or is based
upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in, or omission or alleged omission from any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, or any such amendment or supplement thereto, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Marketing Materials
made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf
of any Underwriter specifically for use therein, which information the parties hereto agree is limited to the Underwriters Information.

Each indemnity agreement in this Section
7(a) is not exclusive and is in addition to each other indemnity agreement in this Section 7(a) and each other liability which the Company
might have under this Agreement or otherwise, and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available under this
Agreement, at law or in equity to any Underwriter Indemnified Party.

(b)Indemnification of Company by the Underwriters. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Company Indemnified Parties
and each a Company Indemnified Party) against any loss, claim, damage, expense or liability whatsoever (or
any action, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof), joint or several, to which such Company Indemnified Party may become subject,
under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding arises
out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Preliminary Prospectus,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the
Rules and Regulations, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) the omission
or alleged omission to state in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information
filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Rules and Regulations, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or
in any amendment or supplement thereto, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, but in each case only to the extent that the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf
of that Underwriter specifically for use therein, which information the parties hereto agree is limited to the Underwriters Information,
and shall reimburse the Company Indemnified Parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with
investigating or preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as third party witness in connection with any such loss, claim,
damage, liability, action, investigation or proceeding, as such fees and expenses are incurred. This indemnity agreement is not exclusive
and will be in addition to any liability which the Underwriters might otherwise have and shall not limit any rights or remedies which
may otherwise be available under this Agreement, at law or in equity to the Company Indemnified Parties.

27

(c)Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, the indemnified
party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify such indemnifying
party in writing of the commencement of that action; provided, however, that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall
not relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 7 except to the extent it has been materially prejudiced by such
failure; and, provided, further, that the failure to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which
it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 7. If any such action shall be brought against an indemnified party,
and it shall notify the indemnifying party thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent
that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying party, to assume the defense of such action with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party (which counsel shall not, except with the written consent of the indemnified party, be counsel
to the indemnifying party). After notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of
such action, except as provided herein, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the indemnified party under Section 7 for any legal
or other expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense of such action other than reasonable
costs of investigation; provided, however, that any indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such
action and to participate in the defense of such action but the fees and expenses of such counsel (other than reasonable costs of investigation)
shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized in writing by the
Company in the case of a claim for indemnification under Section 7(a) or the Representatives in the case of a claim for indemnification
under Section 7(b), (ii) such indemnified party shall have been advised by its counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available
to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, or (iii) the indemnifying party has failed
to assume the defense of such action and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party within a reasonable period of
time after notice of the commencement of the action or the indemnifying party does not diligently defend the action after assumption
of the defense, in which case, if such indemnified party notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate
counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of (or, in the
case of a failure to diligently defend the action after assumption of the defense, to continue to defend) such action on behalf of such
indemnified party and the indemnifying party shall be responsible for legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified
party in connection with the defense of such action; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection
with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general
allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time
for all such indemnified parties (in addition to any local counsel), which firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives
if the indemnified parties under this Section 7 consist of any Underwriter Indemnified Party or by the Company if the indemnified parties
under this Section 7 consist of any Company Indemnified Parties. Subject to this Section 7(c), the amount payable by an indemnifying
party under Section 7 shall include, but not be limited to, (x) reasonable legal fees and expenses of counsel to the indemnified party
and any other expenses in investigating, or preparing to defend or defending against, or appearing as a third party witness in respect
of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any action, investigation, proceeding or claim, and (y) all amounts paid in settlement
of any of the foregoing. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise
or consent to the entry of judgment with respect to any pending or threatened action or any claim whatsoever, in respect of which indemnification
or contribution could be sought under this Section 7 (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto),
unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to such indemnified party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as
to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. Subject to the provisions of the
following sentence, no indemnifying party shall be liable for settlement of any pending or threatened action or any claim whatsoever
that is effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but if settled with its written
consent, if its consent has been unreasonably withheld or delayed or if there be a judgment for the plaintiff in any such matter, the
indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such
settlement or judgment. In addition, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested that an indemnifying party reimburse the
indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the
nature contemplated by Section 7(a) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after
receipt by such indemnifying party of the request for reimbursement, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms
of such settlement at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall
not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

(d)If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7 is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under
Section 7(a) or 7(b), then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid,
payable or otherwise incurred by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (or any action,
investigation or proceeding in respect thereof), as incurred, (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative
benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Stock, or (ii) if the allocation
provided by clause (i) of this Section 7(d) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only
the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) of this Section 7(d) but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the
Underwriters on the other with respect to the statements, omissions, acts or failures to act which resulted in such loss, claim, damage,
expense or liability (or any action, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof) as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other with respect to such offering shall be
deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Stock purchased under this Agreement (before deducting
expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect
to the Stock purchased under this Agreement, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative
fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company on the one hand or the Underwriters on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the
parties hereto agree that the written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of the Underwriters
for use in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists
solely of the Underwriters Information.

28

(e)The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to Section 7(d) above
were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to Section 7(d) above. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, expense, liability,
action, investigation or proceeding referred to in Section 7(d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth
above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend
or defending against or appearing as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim,
damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriters shall
be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such
Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Stock exceeds the amount of any damages which the Underwriter has otherwise paid or become
liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement, omission or alleged omission, act or alleged act or failure to act
or alleged failure to act. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations
to contribute as provided in this Section 7 are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

8.Termination. The obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be
terminated by the Representatives, in their absolute discretion by notice given to the Company prior to delivery of and payment for the
Firm Stock if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(j), or 6(m) have occurred or if the Underwriters shall decline
to purchase the Stock for any reason permitted under this Agreement.

9.Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, if (a) this Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 8 or 10, (b) the Company shall
fail to tender the Stock for delivery to the Underwriters for any reason not permitted under this Agreement, (c) the Underwriters shall
decline to purchase the Stock for any reason permitted under this Agreement or (d) the sale of the Stock is not consummated because any
condition to the obligations of the Underwriters set forth herein is not satisfied or because of the refusal, inability or failure on
the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to satisfy any condition or to comply with the provisions hereof, then in
addition to the payment of amounts in accordance with Section 5, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for the fees and expenses
of Underwriters counsel and for such other out-of-pocket expenses as shall have been reasonably incurred by them in connection
with this Agreement and the proposed purchase of the Stock, and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representatives;
provided that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 by reason of the default of one or more Underwriters, the
Company shall not be obligated to reimburse any defaulting Underwriter on account of expenses to the extent incurred by such defaulting
Underwriter, provided further that the foregoing shall not limit any reimbursement obligation of the Company to any non-defaulting
Underwriter under this Section 9.

29

10.Substitution of Underwriters. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall
default in its or their obligations to purchase shares of Stock hereunder on any Closing Date and the aggregate number of shares which
such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10% of the total number of shares to be purchased
by all Underwriters on such Closing Date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated severally, in proportion to their respective commitments
hereunder, to purchase the shares which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase on such Closing Date.
If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall so default and the aggregate number of shares with respect to which such default or defaults
occur is more than 10% of the total number of shares to be purchased by all Underwriters on such Closing Date and arrangements satisfactory
to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such shares by other persons are not made within 48 hours after such default,
this Agreement shall terminate.

If the remaining Underwriters
or substituted Underwriters are required hereby or agree to take up all or part of the shares of Stock of a defaulting Underwriter or
Underwriters on such Closing Date as provided in this Section 10, (i) the Company shall have the right to postpone such Closing
Dates for a period of not more than five full business days in order that the Company may effect whatever changes may thereby be made
necessary in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any other documents or arrangements, and the Company agrees promptly
to file any amendments to the Registration Statement or supplements to the Prospectus which may thereby be made necessary, and (ii) the
respective numbers of shares to be purchased by the remaining Underwriters or substituted Underwriters shall be taken as the basis of
their underwriting obligation for all purposes of this Agreement. Nothing herein contained shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter of
its liability to the Company or the other Underwriters for damages occasioned by its default hereunder. Any termination of this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except that the
representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities, agreements and other statements set forth in Section 2, the obligations with respect
to expenses to be paid or reimbursed pursuant to Sections 5 and 9 and the provisions of Section 7 and Sections 11 through 21, inclusive,
shall not terminate and shall remain in full force and effect.

11.Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that:

(a) each
Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual in nature, the Representatives have been retained solely to act
as underwriters in connection with the sale of the Stock and no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and the
Representatives have been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether either
of the Representatives has advised or is advising the Company on other matters;

(b) the
price of the Stock set forth in this Agreement was established by the Company following discussions and arms-length negotiations with
the Representatives, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(c) it
has been advised that the Representatives and their affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests
that differ from those of the Company and that the Representatives have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to
the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

30

(d) it
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Representatives for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged
breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Representatives shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect
of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including stockholders,
employees or creditors of the Company.

12.Successors; Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the several Underwriters, the Company and their respective successors and assigns.
Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, other than the persons mentioned
in the preceding sentence, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement, or any provisions herein
contained, this Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof being intended to be and being for the sole and exclusive benefit
of such persons and for the benefit of no other person; except that the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities
of the Company contained in this Agreement shall also be for the benefit of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and the indemnities
of the several Underwriters shall be for the benefit of the Company Indemnified Parties. It is understood that each Underwriters
responsibility to the Company is solely contractual in nature and the Underwriters do not owe the Company, or any other party, any fiduciary
duty as a result of this Agreement. No purchaser of any of the Stock from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor or assign
by reason merely of such purchase.

13.Survival of Indemnities, Representations, Warranties, etc. 
The respective indemnities, covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company and the several Underwriters,
as set forth in this Agreement or made by them respectively, pursuant to this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the Company or any person controlling any of them and shall survive delivery
of and payment for the Stock. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, including without limitation any termination pursuant
to Section 8 or Section 10, the indemnities, covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements forth in Sections
2, 5, 7 and 9 and Sections 11 through 21, inclusive, of this Agreement shall not terminate and shall remain in full force and effect
at all times.

14.Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that
is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime,
the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in
or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation,
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that
is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised
against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

31

15.Notices. All statements, requests, notices and agreements hereunder
shall be in writing, and:

(a) if to the Underwriters, shall be delivered
or sent by mail or email to TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, New York
10017, Attention: Head of Equity Capital Markets, with a copy to the General Counsel, Email:
CIBLegal@tdsecurities.com; Barclays Capital Inc., 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York
10019, Attention: Syndicate Registration; and BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street,
New York, New York 10022, Attention: Equity Capital Markets; with copies to Paul Hastings
LLP, The MetLife Building, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166, Attention: Siavosh
Salimi and William A. Magioncalda; and

(b) if to the Company shall be delivered or
sent by mail or email to Humacyte, Inc., Attention: Dale A. Sander, 2525 East North Carolina
Highway 54, Durham, North Carolina 27713, email dsander@humacyte.com; with copies to Covington
& Burling LLP, One CityCenter, 850 Tenth Street, NW, Washington, District of Columbia
20001, Attention: Kerry S. Burke, email: kburke@cov.com.

provided, however, that any notice to
an Underwriter pursuant to Section 7 shall be delivered or sent by mail to such Underwriter at its address set forth in its acceptance
email to the Representatives, which address will be supplied to any other party hereto by the Representatives upon request. Any such
statements, requests, notices or agreements shall take effect at the time of receipt thereof.

16.Definition of Certain Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) affiliate
has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, (b) business day means any day on which the
Exchange is open for trading (c) subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations;
(d) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k), (e) Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered
entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered
bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered
FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b), (f) Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable, (g) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and
the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

17.Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, including without limitation Section 5-1401
of the New York General Obligations. The Company irrevocably (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts
in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York for the purpose of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Registration Statement and any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (b)
agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined by any such court, (c) waives to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any immunity from the jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process, (d) agrees
not to commence any such suit, action or proceeding other than in such courts, and (e) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties to this Agreement
hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

18.Underwriters Information. The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that, for all purposes of this Agreement, the Underwriters Information consists solely of the following information
in the Prospectus: the statements concerning the Underwriters contained in the second sentence of the sixth paragraph, the ninth paragraph
and the eleventh paragraph under the heading Underwriting.

32

19.Authority of the Representatives. In connection with this Agreement,
the Representatives will act for and on behalf of the several Underwriters, and any action taken under this Agreement by the Representatives,
will be binding on all the Underwriters.

20.Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
section, paragraph, clause or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph,
clause or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph, clause or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid
or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid
and enforceable.

21.General. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with
respect to the subject matter hereof. In this Agreement, the masculine, feminine and neuter genders and the singular and the plural include
one another. The section headings in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties only and will not affect the construction
or interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended or modified, and the observance of any term of this Agreement may
be waived, only by a writing signed by the Company and the Representatives.

22.Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This
Agreement may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal
ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com or www.echosign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be
deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

33

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided for that purpose below.

Very truly yours,

HUMACYTE, INC.

By: /s/ Dale A.
Sander

Name: Dale A. Sander

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Accepted as of the date first above
written: 

TD Securities
(USA) LLC

Barclays Capital Inc.

BTIG, LLC 

Acting on
their own behalf and as Representatives of several Underwriters listed on Schedule A to this Agreement. 

By:TD Securities (USA) LLC 

By: /s/ Michael
Campbell 

Name: Michael Campbell 

Title: Managing Director 

By: BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 

By: /s/ John Hagens 

Name: John Hagens 

Title: Managing Director 

By: BTIG, LLC 

By: /s/ Michael
Passaro 

Name: Michael Passaro 

Title: Head of Equity Capital Markets & Syndicate 

SCHEDULE A

Name Number of Shares
of

Firm Stock to be

Purchased Number of Shares
of

Optional Stock to be

Purchased 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 11,250,000 1,687,500 

Barclays Capital Inc. 8,750,000 1,312,500 

BTIG, LLC 3,750,000 562,500 

H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC 750,000 112,500 

The Benchmark Company, LLC 500,000 75,000 

Total 25,000,000 3,750,000 

SCHEDULE B

General Use
Free Writing Prospectuses

None

SCHEDULE C

Pricing Information

Firm Stock to be Sold: 25,000,000 shares

Offering Price: $2.00 per share

Underwriting Discounts and Commissions: 6.0%

Estimated Net Proceeds to the Company (after underwriting
discounts and commissions, but before transaction expenses): $47,000,000

SCHEDULE D

Written Testing-the-Waters
Communications

None

SCHEDULE E

Laura E. Niklason 

Dale A. Sander 

Heather Prichard 

Yang (Cindy) Cao 

Shamik J. Parikh 

William (B.J.) Scheessele 

John P. Bamforth 

Emery N. Brown 

Michael T. Constantino 

Brady W. Dougan 

C. Bruce Green 

Keith Anthony Jones

Todd M. Pope 

Kathleen Sebelius 

Diane Seimetz 

Max Wallace 

Susan Windham-Bannister 

Ayabudge LLC 

Exhibit I

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

, 2025

TD SECURITIES
(USA) LLC

BARCLAYS
CAPITAL INC.

BTIG,
LLC

As Representatives of the several Underwriters

c/o TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue

New York, New York 10017

c/o Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019

c/o BTIG, LLC

65 East 55th Street

New York, New York 10022

Re: Humacyte, Inc. Proposed
Public Offering of Common Stock

Dear Sirs and Madams:

This letter agreement (this
Agreement) is being delivered to you in connection with the proposed Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
to be entered into between Humacyte, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and TD Securities (USA) LLC (TD
Cowen), Barclays Capital Inc. (Barclays), and BTIG, LLC, as representatives (the Representatives)
of a group of underwriters (collectively, the Underwriters) to be named therein, relating to the proposed public offering
of shares of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Offering).

In order to induce the Underwriters to enter
into the Underwriting Agreement, and in light of the benefits that the Offering will confer upon the undersigned in his, her or its capacity
as a securityholder and/or an officer or director of the Company, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agrees with each Underwriter that, during the period beginning on the date hereof through
and including the date that is the 90th day after the date of the Underwriting Agreement (the Lock-Up Period),
the undersigned will not, and will not cause or direct any of its affiliates to, without the prior written consent of TD Cowen and Barclays,
directly or indirectly, (i) offer, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, contract to sell, lend or otherwise dispose of, or announce the intention
to otherwise dispose of, any shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, Common Stock which may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time (such shares, the Beneficially Owned Shares))
or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, (ii) enter into, or announce the intention to enter into,
any swap, hedge or similar agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, the purchase or sale of, or entry into, any put or
call option, or combination thereof, forward, swap or any other derivative transaction or instrument, however described or defined) that
transfers, is designed to transfer or reasonably could be expected to transfer (whether by the undersigned or someone other than the
undersigned) in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic risk of ownership of the Beneficially Owned Shares or securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with
respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (the Prohibited Activity), or (iii)
engage in, or announce the intention to engage in, any short selling of the Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for Common Stock. The undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned is not, and has not caused or directed
any of its affiliates to be or become, currently a party to any agreement or arrangement that is designed to or which reasonably could
be expected to lead to or result in any Prohibited Activity during the Lock-Up Period.

If the undersigned is not a natural person, the
undersigned represents and warrants that no single natural person, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act)),
other than a natural person, entity or group (as described above) that has executed an Agreement in substantially the same
form as this Agreement, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the common equity interests, or 50% or more of the
voting power, in the undersigned.

The restrictions set forth in the immediately
preceding paragraph shall not apply to:

(1) if the undersigned
is a natural person, any transfers made by the undersigned (a) as a bona fide gift to any member of the immediate family (as defined
below) of the undersigned, (b) to a trust, the beneficiaries of which are exclusively the undersigned or members of the undersigneds
immediate family, (c) by will or intestate succession upon the death of the undersigned, (d) as a bona fide gift to a charity
or educational institution, (e) pursuant to a domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement, or pursuant
to an order of a court of competent jurisdiction enforcing any such agreement, or (f) to a corporation, limited liability company or
partnership wholly owned by the undersigned and/or any member of the undersigneds immediate family; provided, however,
that no filing by any party under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or shall be made voluntarily
in connection with a transfer pursuant to this subclause (f) during the Lock-Up Period,

(2) if the undersigned
is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfers to any stockholder, partner, member
or manager of, or owner of a similar equity interest in, the undersigned, or to the undersigneds direct or indirect affiliates
(as defined below), or to an investment fund or other entity that controls or manages, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
the undersigned, as the case may be, if, in any such case, such transfer is not for value,

(3) if the undersigned
is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfer made by the undersigned (a) in connection
with the sale or other bona fide transfer in a single transaction of all or substantially all of the undersigneds capital stock,
partnership interests, membership interests or other similar equity interests, as the case may be, or all or substantially all of the
undersigneds assets, in any such case not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this Agreement or
(b) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity so long as the transferee is an affiliate
(as defined below) of the undersigned and such transfer is not for value,

(4) the transfer
pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to all holders of securities
involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company, provided that in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other such transaction is not completed, any Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common
Stock held by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement. For purposes of this
Agreement, change of control shall mean the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other similar transaction, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, in each case, approved by the board of directors
of the Company and the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group
of persons, other than the Company, would hold more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or the surviving entity),

(5) transactions
relating to Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock acquired in the Offering
or in open market transactions after completion of the Offering, provided that no such transaction is required to be, or is, publicly
announced (whether on Form 4, Form 5 or otherwise) during the Lock-Up Period,

(6) the entry,
by the undersigned, at any time on or after the date of the Underwriting Agreement, into any trading plan providing for the sale of Common
Stock by the undersigned, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a 10b5-1 Plan),
provided, however, that such 10b5-1 Plan does not provide for, or permit, the sale of any Common Stock during the Lock-up
Period and, except as required by applicable securities laws, no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made or required regarding
such plan during the Lock-Up Period, and provided further, that any required filing under the Exchange Act regarding such plan
indicates that no sales of Common Stock shall be permitted under such plan during the Lock-Up Period,

(7) the sale of
shares of Common Stock pursuant to a 10b5-1 Plan that has been disclosed to the Representatives prior to the execution of this Agreement
by the undersigned, provided that to the extent a public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of the undersigned
or the Company regarding any such sales during the Lock-Up Period, such announcement or filing shall state that such sales have been
executed under a 10b5-1 Plan, and

(8) any transfers
made by the undersigned to the Company in connection with the conversion of any convertible security into, or the exercise of any option
or warrant for, shares of Common Stock (including by way of net or cashless exercise) to satisfy tax withholding
obligations pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or arrangements disclosed in the Prospectus (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement),

provided, however, that in the
case of any transfer described in clause (1), (2) or (3) above, it shall be a condition to the transfer that (A) the transferee
executes and delivers to the Representatives, acting on behalf of the Underwriters, not later than one business day prior to such transfer,
a written agreement, in substantially the form of this Agreement (it being understood that any references to immediate family
in the agreement executed by such transferee shall expressly refer only to the immediate family of the undersigned and not to the immediate
family of the transferee) and otherwise satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives, and (B) in the case of any transfer
described in clause (1), (2), (3) or (8) above, no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made regarding such transfer during the
Lock-Up Period and if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, reporting a reduction
in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or Beneficially Owned Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for Common Stock or Beneficially Owned Shares during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such report to
the effect that, (A) in the case of any transfer pursuant to clause (1) above, such transfer is being made as a gift, by will or
intestate succession, or pursuant to a domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement (or pursuant to an
order of a court of competent jurisdiction enforcing any such agreement), as applicable, (B) in the case of any transfer pursuant to
clause (2) above, such transfer is being made to a stockholder, partner, member or manager of, or owner of a similar equity interest
in, the undersigned, or to the undersigneds direct or indirect affiliates, or to an investment fund or other entity that controls
or manages, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the undersigned, and is not a transfer for value, (C) in the case of any
transfer pursuant to clause (3) above, such transfer is being made either (a) in connection with the sale or other bona fide transfer
in a single transaction of all or substantially all of the undersigneds capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests
or other similar equity interests, as the case may be, or all or substantially all of the undersigneds assets or (b) to another
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity that is an affiliate of the undersigned and such transfer
is not for value, and (D) in the case of any transfer pursuant to clause (7) above, such transfer is being made to satisfy tax withholding
obligations. For purposes of this paragraph, immediate family shall mean a spouse, domestic partner, child, grandchild
or other lineal descendant (including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the undersigned; and affiliate
shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement
prohibits (A) the undersigned from exercising any options or warrants to purchase Common Stock (which exercises may be effected on a
net exercise or cashless basis to the extent the instruments representing such options or warrants permit exercises on a net exercise
or cashless basis), it being understood that any Common Stock issued upon such exercises will be subject to the restrictions of this
Agreement or (B) the surrender or forfeiture of securities to the Company in partial or full settlement of any income, employment or
social tax withholding and remittance obligations of the undersigned or the employer of the undersigned in connection with the exercise
of any equity award outstanding on the date of the Underwriting Agreement granted pursuant to the Companys equity plans described
in the Prospectus, and provided, however, that no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made regarding such exercise
during the Lock-Up Period and provided that if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act reporting
a reduction in beneficial ownership of such options or warrants during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement
in such report to the effect that the disposition relates to the exercise of an option or warrant, as applicable, and that the shares
of Common Stock received upon exercise are subject to the restrictions of this Agreement.

In order to enable this covenant to be enforced,
the undersigned hereby consents to the placing of legends or stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent with
respect to any Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock.

The undersigned further agrees that it will not,
during the Lock-Up Period, make any demand or request for or exercise any right with respect to the registration under the Securities
Act, of any shares of Common Stock or other Beneficially Owned Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for Common Stock or other Beneficially Owned Shares.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants
that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this Agreement has been duly authorized (if the
undersigned is not a natural person), executed and delivered by the undersigned and is a valid and binding agreement of the undersigned.
This Agreement and all authority herein conferred are irrevocable and shall survive the death or incapacity of the undersigned (if a
natural person) and shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that
the Underwriters have not provided any recommendation or investment advice nor have the Underwriters solicited any action from the undersigned
with respect to the Offering of Common Stock and the undersigned has consulted their own legal, accounting, financial, regulatory and
tax advisors to the extent deemed appropriate. The undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that, although the Representatives may
be required or choose to provide certain Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS disclosures to you in connection with the Offering, the
Representatives and the other Underwriters are not making a recommendation to you to enter into this Agreement and nothing set forth
in such disclosures is intended to suggest that the Representatives or any Underwriter is making such a recommendation.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state.

This Agreement may be delivered via facsimile,
electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com
or www.echosign.com) or other transmission method and any copy so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and
be valid and effective for all purposes.

If (i) the Company notifies the Representatives
in writing that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, (ii) the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by March 31, 2025, or
(iii) the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated for any
reason prior to payment for and delivery of any Common Stock to be sold thereunder, then this Agreement shall immediately be terminated
and the undersigned shall automatically be released from all of his, her or its obligations under this Agreement. The undersigned acknowledges
and agrees that whether or not any public offering of Common Stock actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions.

[Signature page follows]

Very truly yours,

(Name of Stockholder - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory if Stockholder is an entity - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory if Stockholder is an entity - Please Print)

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 26, 2025

Humacyte, Inc.

2525 East North Carolina Highway 54

Durham, North Carolina 27713

Ladies & Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel
to Humacyte, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of up
to 28,750,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 25, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement),
among the Company and TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and BTIG, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named
therein. The offer and sale of the Shares are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267225), which was filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on September 1, 2022 (such registration statement, as amended to the
date hereof, is herein referred to as the Registration Statement).

We have reviewed:

(i) the Underwriting Agreement;

(ii) the Registration Statement;

(iii) the
preliminary prospectus, consisting of the prospectus, dated September 9, 2022 (the Base Prospectus), as supplemented
by a preliminary prospectus supplement, dated March 25, 2025, relating to the offering of the Shares, filed with the Commission on
March 25, 2025, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act;

(iv) the
final prospectus, consisting of the Base Prospectus, as supplemented by a final prospectus supplement, dated March 25, 2025, relating
to the offering of the Shares, filed with the Commission on March 26, 2025, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act (the Prospectus); and

(v) such
corporate records, certificates and other documents, and such questions of law, as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the
purposes of this opinion.

We have assumed that all signatures
are genuine, that all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and that all copies of documents submitted to us conform to
the originals.

We have relied as to certain
matters on information obtained from public officials, officers of the Company and other sources believed by us to be responsible.

Based upon the foregoing,
we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold by the Company pursuant to the terms of the
Underwriting Agreement and upon receipt by the Company of full payment therefor in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement, will be
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We are members of the bar
of the District of Columbia. We do not express any opinion herein on any laws other than the Delaware General Corporation Law.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated the date hereof relating to the offering
of the Shares. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus constituting
part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent
is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Covington & Burling LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Humacyte, Inc.
Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

DURHAM, N.C.,
March 25, 2025 Humacyte, Inc. (Nasdaq: HUMA), a commercial-stage biotechnology platform company developing universally
implantable, bioengineered human tissues at commercial scale, today announced that it has commenced an underwritten public offering
of its common stock. In addition, Humacyte intends to grant the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional
15% of the number of shares of common stock sold in connection with the offering. All of the shares are being offered by Humacyte.

TD Cowen, Barclays and BTIG are acting as joint book-running managers
for the offering. H.C. Wainwright & Co. and The Benchmark Company are acting as lead managers for the offering. The offering
is subject to market conditions and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual
size or terms of the offering.

Humacyte intends to use the net proceeds that it will receive from
the offering to fund the commercialization of SYMVESS in the vascular trauma indication, the development of the product candidates
in Humacytes pipeline and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-267225)
was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 1, 2022 and declared effective
by the SEC on September 9, 2022. The securities will be offered by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating
to the offering that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating
to and describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.
Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement, when available, and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained
from TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, New York 10017, by telephone at (833) 297-2926, or by email at TD.ECM_Prospectus@tdsecurities.com;
Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847,
or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street, New York, New York 10022, by telephone at (212) 593-7555
or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

About Humacyte

Humacyte, Inc. (Nasdaq: HUMA) is developing a disruptive biotechnology
platform to deliver universally implantable bioengineered human tissues, advanced tissue constructs, and organ systems designed to improve
the lives of patients and transform the practice of medicine. Humacyte develops and manufactures acellular tissues to treat a wide range
of diseases, injuries, and chronic conditions. Humacytes initial product candidates, a portfolio of acellular tissue engineered
vessels (ATEVs), are currently in late-stage clinical trials targeting multiple vascular applications, including vascular
trauma repair, arteriovenous (AV) access for hemodialysis, and peripheral artery disease (PAD). A Biologics
License Application for the ATEV in the vascular trauma indication was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
in December 2024. Preclinical development is also underway in coronary artery bypass grafts, pediatric heart surgery, treatment of
type 1 diabetes, and multiple novel cell and tissue applications. Humacytes 6mm ATEV for AV access in hemodialysis was the first
product candidate to receive the FDAs Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation and has also received
FDA Fast Track designation. Humacytes 6mm ATEV for urgent arterial repair following extremity vascular trauma and for advanced
PAD also have received RMAT designations. The ATEV received priority designation for the treatment of vascular trauma by the U.S. Secretary
of Defense.

For uses other than the FDA approval in the extremity vascular trauma
indication, the ATEV is an investigational product and has not been approved for sale by the FDA or any other regulatory agency.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based
on beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following
words: may, will, could, would, should, expect, intend,
plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project,
potential, continue, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that
may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. Although Humacyte believes that it has a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement
contained in this press release, Humacyte cautions you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently
known by it and its projections of the future, about which Humacyte cannot be certain. Forward-looking statements in this press release
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the timing and success of the proposed offering; whether Humacyte will be able to
raise capital through the sale of shares of common stock in the offering; the anticipated use of proceeds from the proposed offering;
Humacytes plans and ability to commercialize its ATEV in the United States under the brand name SYMVESS in vascular trauma repair;
the statements regarding the initiation, timing, progress, and results of Humacytes preclinical and clinical trials; the anticipated
characteristics and performance of its ATEVs; Humacytes ability to successfully complete, preclinical and clinical trials for its
ATEVs; the anticipated benefits of the ATEV relative to existing alternatives; the anticipated commercialization of the ATEVs and Humacytes
ability to manufacture at commercial scale; the implementation of Humacytes business model and strategic plans for its business;
and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings, acceptances and approvals. Humacyte cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements
in this press release will prove to be accurate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results, including, among others, changes in applicable laws or regulations,
the possibility that Humacyte may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors, and other risks and uncertainties,
including those described under the header Risk Factors in Humacytes Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023, Humacytes quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, each
filed by Humacyte with the SEC, and in future SEC filings. Most of these factors are outside of Humacytes control and are difficult
to predict. Furthermore, if the forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant
uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by Humacyte
or any other person that Humacyte will achieve its objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. Except as required by
law, Humacyte has no current intention of updating any of the forward-looking statements in this press release. You should, therefore,
not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing Humacytes views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press
release.

Humacyte Investor Contact:

Joyce Allaire

LifeSci Advisors LLC

+1-617-435-6602

jallaire@lifesciadvisors.com

investors@humacyte.com

Humacyte Media Contact:

Rich Luchette

Precision Strategies

+1-202-845-3924

rich@precisionstrategies.com

media@humacyte
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Humacyte, Inc. Announces Pricing of Public
Offering of Common Stock

DURHAM, N.C., March 25,
2025 Humacyte, Inc. (Nasdaq: HUMA), a commercial-stage biotechnology platform company developing universally implantable,
bioengineered human tissues at commercial scale, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 25,000,000 shares
of its common stock at a public offering price of $2.00 per share. The aggregate gross proceeds from this offering are expected to be
$50 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by Humacyte. The closing of the
offering is expected to occur on or about March 27, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. In addition,
Humacyte has granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 shares of Humacytes
common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the shares of common stock are being sold
by Humacyte.

TD Cowen, Barclays and BTIG are acting as joint book-running managers
for the offering. H.C. Wainwright & Co. and The Benchmark Company are acting as lead managers for the offering.

Humacyte intends to use the net proceeds that it will receive from
the offering to fund the commercialization of SYMVESS in the vascular trauma indication, the development of the product candidates
in Humacytes pipeline and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-267225)
was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 1, 2022 and declared effective
by the SEC on September 9, 2022. The securities are being offered by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus
relating to the offering that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to and describing
the terms of the offering was filed with the SEC on March 25, 2025 and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. The
final prospectus supplement relating to and describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the
SECs website at www.sec.gov. Before investing in the offering, you should read each of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus relating to the offering in their entirety as well as the other documents that Humacyte has filed with the SEC that are incorporated
by reference in the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering, which provide more information about
Humacyte and the offering. Copies of the final prospectus supplement, when available, and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering
may be obtained from TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, New York 10017, by telephone at (833) 297-2926, or by email
at TD.ECM_Prospectus@tdsecurities.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New
York 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847, or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street, New York,
New York 10022, by telephone at (212) 593-7555 or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

About Humacyte

Humacyte, Inc. (Nasdaq: HUMA) is developing a disruptive biotechnology
platform to deliver universally implantable bioengineered human tissues, advanced tissue constructs, and organ systems designed to improve
the lives of patients and transform the practice of medicine. Humacyte develops and manufactures acellular tissues to treat a wide range
of diseases, injuries, and chronic conditions. Humacytes initial product candidates, a portfolio of acellular tissue engineered
vessels (ATEVs), are currently in late-stage clinical trials targeting multiple vascular applications, including vascular
trauma repair, arteriovenous (AV) access for hemodialysis, and peripheral artery disease (PAD). A Biologics
License Application for the ATEV in the vascular trauma indication was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
in December 2024. Preclinical development is also underway in coronary artery bypass grafts, pediatric heart surgery, treatment of
type 1 diabetes, and multiple novel cell and tissue applications. Humacytes 6mm ATEV for AV access in hemodialysis was the first
product candidate to receive the FDAs Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation and has also received
FDA Fast Track designation. Humacytes 6mm ATEV for urgent arterial repair following extremity vascular trauma and for advanced
PAD also have received RMAT designations. The ATEV received priority designation for the treatment of vascular trauma by the U.S. Secretary
of Defense.

For uses other than the FDA approval in the extremity vascular trauma
indication, the ATEV is an investigational product and has not been approved for sale by the FDA or any other regulatory agency.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based
on beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following
words: may, will, could, would, should, expect, intend,
plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project,
potential, continue, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that
may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. Although Humacyte believes that it has a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement
contained in this press release, Humacyte cautions you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently
known by it and its projections of the future, about which Humacyte cannot be certain. Forward-looking statements in this press release
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the timing and satisfaction of customary closing conditions of the offering; the
anticipated use of proceeds from the offering; Humacytes plans and ability to commercialize its ATEV in the United States under
the brand name SYMVESS in vascular trauma repair; the statements regarding the initiation, timing, progress, and results of Humacytes
preclinical and clinical trials; the anticipated characteristics and performance of its ATEVs; Humacytes ability to successfully
complete, preclinical and clinical trials for its ATEVs; the anticipated benefits of the ATEV relative to existing alternatives; the anticipated
commercialization of the ATEVs and Humacytes ability to manufacture at commercial scale; the implementation of Humacytes
business model and strategic plans for its business; and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings, acceptances and approvals. Humacyte
cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this press release will prove to be accurate. These forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results,
including, among others, changes in applicable laws or regulations, the possibility that Humacyte may be adversely affected by other economic,
business, and/or competitive factors, and other risks and uncertainties, including those described under the header Risk Factors
in Humacytes Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, Humacytes quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, each filed by Humacyte with the SEC, and in future SEC filings. Most of these factors are
outside of Humacytes control and are difficult to predict. Furthermore, if the forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate,
the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these
statements as a representation or warranty by Humacyte or any other person that Humacyte will achieve its objectives and plans in any
specified time frame, or at all. Except as required by law, Humacyte has no current intention of updating any of the forward-looking statements
in this press release. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing Humacytes views as of
any date subsequent to the date of this press release.

Humacyte Investor Contact:

Joyce Allaire

LifeSci Advisors LLC

+1-617-435-6602

jallaire@lifesciadvisors.com

investors@humacyte.com

Humacyte Media Contact:

Rich Luchette

Precision Strategies

+1-202-845-3924

rich@precisionstrategies.com

media@humacyte
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>huma-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>huma-20250325_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>huma-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>huma-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex5-1img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex99-1img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39532

Entity Registrant Name Humacyte, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001818382

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1763759

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2525 East North Carolina Highway 54

Entity Address, City or Town Durham

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 27713

City Area Code 919

Local Phone Number 313-9633

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol HUMA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol HUMAW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HUMA_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneOfCommonAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://alphahealthcareacq.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

huma-20250325.xsd 
huma-20250325_def.xml 
huma-20250325_lab.xml 
huma-20250325_pre.xml 
tm2510460d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-028274-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>tm2510460d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001818382 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

0001818382 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

0001818382 

HUMA:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneOfCommonAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001818382 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
Humacyte, Inc. 
DE 
001-39532 
85-1763759 
2525 East North Carolina Highway 54 
Durham 
NC 
27713 
919 
313-9633 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
HUMA 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
HUMAW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>