<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005205.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005205.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206163052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005205
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250201
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAIA Biotechnology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001878313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41455
		FILM NUMBER:		25597862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		444 WEST LAKE STREET, SUITE 1700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-416-8592

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		444 WEST LAKE STREET, SUITE 1700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000187831300018783132025-02-012025-02-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 1, 2025

MAIA
Biotechnology, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41455 83-1495913

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation)

(Commission

File
Number)

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

444
West Lake Street, Suite 1700 

Chicago,
IL 60606

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(312)416-8592

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange

on
which registered

Common
Stock MAIA NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
February 1, 2025, MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (the Company) entered into employment agreements with certain of its executive
officers, including Dr. Vlad Vitoc, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Sergei Gryaznov, Chief Scientific
Officer, amending the terms of the existing employment agreements with these executive officers as summarized below.

Employment
Agreement with Vlad Vitoc

Under
the terms of Dr. Vitocs employment agreement, Dr. Vitoc is entitled to an annual base salary of $625,000, an increase from $473,000
under his prior employment agreement. Dr. Vitoc is eligible to receive a discretionary annual cash bonus of up to 55% of his then-current
base salary based (increased from 50% of his then current base salary under his prior employment agreement) on the attainment of individual
performance objectives, corporate goals and milestone achievements established by the board of directors. Dr. Vitoc is also eligible
for a discretionary annual performance incentive options award based on the attainment of individual performance objectives, corporate
goals and milestone achievements established by the board of directors for the previous performance year. Dr. Vitoc is eligible to participate
in regular health insurance and other employee benefit plans as established by the Company, as well as reimbursement of reasonable expenses
incurred in the performance of services to the Company.

The
employment agreement also provides for severance payments and benefits upon termination by the Company without Cause (as defined below),
or by Dr. Vitoc for Good Reason (as defined below): (i) payment of his then-current base salary for a period of 12 months following termination;
(ii) acceleration of unvested equity awards that would have vested during the 12 months following the date of termination; and (iii)
continued coverage under the Companys group health insurance plan with the cost of such coverage shared in the same relative proportion
by the Company and Dr. Vitoc as in effect on his last day of employment until the earlier of 12 months from termination or the date Dr.
Vitoc becomes eligible for medical benefits with another employer. Further, the agreement provides that upon termination by the Company
without Cause or by Dr. Vitoc for Good Reason within a period of 180 days following a Change of Control (as defined below), Dr. Vitoc
will be entitled to receive: (i) a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of his then-current base salary; (ii) a lump sum payment equal
to 1.5 times the target bonus for the year of termination; (iii) acceleration of all unvested equity awards as of the date of termination;
and (iv) continued coverage under the Companys group health insurance plan with the cost of such coverage shared in the same relative
proportion by the Company and Dr. Vitoc as in effect on his last day of employment until the earlier of 18 months from termination or
the date Dr. Vitoc becomes eligible for medical benefits with another employer. Payment in each case is subject to Dr. Vitocs
execution of a release satisfactory to the Company following such termination.

In
addition, in consideration of the payments and benefits provided under his employment agreement, Dr. Vitoc has agreed to certain invention
assignment, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants, including, among other things, non-competition and non-solicitation provisions
that apply during the term of Dr. Vitocs employment and for 12 months thereafter.

Cause
means the executives: (i) willful misconduct with respect to the Company, which causes material harm to the Company or its reputation;
(ii) continuing failure to materially perform executives essential job duties (other than upon a Disability), provided that executives
failure to achieve Company operating goals by itself, will not constitute a basis for Cause if executive attempts in good faith to meet
such operating goals; (iii) refusal to follow a lawful directive of the Board that is materially related to and reasonably consistent
with the provisions of the agreement; (iv) material failure to comply with the Companys Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
material policies; (v) act of fraud with respect to the Company or willful and knowing misappropriation of Company property; (vi) commission
of any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude; or (vii) material breach of any material term of the agreement or of any separate
proprietary information and invention assignment agreement between executive and the Company, provided, however, that, in the event of
conduct described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) that is reasonably capable of being cured, Cause shall exist only if the Company
provides written notice to executive within sixty (60) days following the initial occurrence of such event giving rise to Cause reasonably
detailing such grounds for Cause and executive fails to cure such grounds for Cause to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within
thirty (30) business days after delivery to executive of such written notice. executives date of termination in the event executives
employment is terminated for Cause shall be the date on which executive is given notice of termination, except, if a notice period is
required, executives date of termination shall be upon the expiration of said notice period if executive fails to previously cure
the grounds giving rise to Cause.

2

Good
Reason means (i) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of the employment agreement or the indemnification
agreement between the Company and executive; (ii) any change in executives title or reporting line or a reduction in authority
or duties of employment; or (iii) the Company no longer permits full-time remote working; provided, in each case, executive has provided
the Company with written notice reasonably detailing such grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days after the occurrence thereof,
and the Company fails to cure such grounds for Good Reason within thirty (30) days after delivery to it of such written notice.

Change
of Control means (i) the sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (ii) the consummation of any merger, consolidation, sale of stock of the Company
or other transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the direct or indirect stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to the consummation of such merger, consolidation, sale or other transaction or series of related transactions do not, immediately
following such consummation, directly or indirectly own a majority of the outstanding equity interests in the entity resulting from or
surviving such merger, consolidation, sale or other transaction or series of related transactions.

Employment
Agreement with Sergei Gryaznov

Under
the terms of Dr. Gryaznovs employment agreement, Dr. Gryaznov is entitled to an annual base salary of $489,000, an increase from
$363,000 under his prior employment agreement. Dr. Gryaznov is eligible to receive a discretionary annual cash bonus of up to 45% of
his then-current base salary (increased from 40% of his then current base salary under his prior employment agreement) based on the attainment
of individual performance objectives, corporate goals and milestone achievements established by the board of directors for the previous
performance year. The remainder of the terms of the employment agreement are substantially the same as the terms of Dr. Vitocs
employment agreement summarized above, which terms are incorporated by reference herein.

The
summaries above of Dr. Vitocs employment agreement and Dr. Gryaznovs employment agreement are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the respective agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Increase
in Jeffrey Himmelreich Base Salary

Effective
February 1, 2025, the Base Salary under Section 2 of the employment agreement for Jeffrey Himmelreich dated August 30, 2023
was increased to $275,000 per annum from $250,000 per annum.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2025, between the Company and Vlad Vitoc.

10.2 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2025, between the Company and Sergei Gryaznov.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
February 6, 2025

MAIA BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC.

By:
/s/
Vlad Vitoc

Name: Vlad Vitoc

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 01, 2025 (the Effective Date),
between MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (the Company) and Vlad Vitoc (Executive,
together with the Company, the Parties and, each, a Party).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to continue to employ Executive, and Executive desires to accept such employment, on the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, on the basis of the foregoing premises and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties
agree as follows:

1.
Employment; Title; Duties and Location. The Company
hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein, effective on the Effective Date. During the Term (as defined in Section 2 below), Executive shall serve the Company
as Chief Executive Officer and President and shall report exclusively and directly to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board).
Executive shall perform the duties consistent with Executives title and position and such other duties commensurate with such
position and title as shall be specified or designated by the Board from time to time. The Company may enter into loaned services or
secondment agreements requiring that Executive provides similar services to Company subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive shall also
serve as a member of the Board and may be requested to serve on the boards of directors of Company affiliates, in each case for no additional
compensation. There is no principal place of performance by Executive of Executives duties hereunder and Executive will be entitled
to work remotely full-time under the Companys existing remote working arrangements; provided, that Executive may be required
to reasonably travel in connection with the performance of Executives duties.

2.
Term. Executives employment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until
terminated pursuant to the terms of Section 6 below (the Term).

3.
Compensation. During the Term only (unless otherwise expressly provided for herein), Executive shall be entitled to the following
compensation and benefits.

3.1
Salary. Executive shall receive a base salary (the Base Salary) payable in substantially equal installments
in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices and procedures in effect from
time to time and subject to applicable withholdings and deductions. Executives starting Base Salary shall be at the annual rate
of $625,000. From time to time, the Company, at its sole discretion, may review and increase
Executives Base Salary.

3.2
Cash Bonus. Executive shall be eligible for a discretionary annual bonus of up to fifty-five percent (55%) of Executives
Base Salary, based on the attainment of individual performance objectives, corporate goals and milestone achievements established by
the Board for the previous performance year (the Annual Bonus).

3.3
Performance Incentive Options. Executive shall be eligible for a discretionary annual performance-based incentive options award
beginning in 2025, based on the attainment of individual performance objectives, corporate goals and milestone achievements established
by the Board (the Annual Performance Incentive Options Award).

3.4
Benefits. Subject to the Company having available funds, Executive and Executives dependents shall be eligible to participate
in regular health insurance and other employee benefit plans, generally
established by the Company from time to time for similarly situated executives, subject to the general eligibility requirements and other
terms of such plans, and subject to the Companys right to amend, terminate or take other similar action with respect to any such
plans.

3.5
Vacation. Executive shall not accrue vacation or paid time off but may take such
personal time as he deems appropriate while meeting his responsibilities to the Company. For avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not
receive payment of vacation or paid time off upon his termination of employment.

3.6
Required Taxes and Withholdings. The Company shall withhold from any payments made
to Executive (including, without limitation, those made under this Agreement) all federal, state, local or other taxes and withholdings
as shall be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling.

3.7
Insurance. The Company shall maintain, at all times during the Term, directors and officers insurance that shall cover Executive
as an insured under such policy in at least an amount equal to the amount of the Companys policy in effect as of the Effective
Date, or such higher amount as the Board may, in good faith, deem necessary or appropriate; provided, however, that the Company may elect
to change the insurance carrier. Executives coverage shall survive termination of employment to the extent provided for in the
separate indemnification agreement between the Executive and the Company.

4.
Exclusivity and Best Efforts. During Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall (i) in all respects conform
to and comply with the lawful directions and instructions given to Executive by the Company; (ii) devote Executives entire business
time, energy and skill to Executives services under this Agreement; (iii) use Executives best efforts to promote and serve
the interests of the Company and to perform Executives duties and obligations hereunder in a diligent, trustworthy, businesslike,
efficient and lawful manner; (iv) comply with all applicable laws and regulations, as well as the policies and practices established
by the Company from time to time and made applicable to its employees generally or senior executives; (v) not engage in any other business,
profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise; and (vi) not engage in any activity that, directly or indirectly, impairs or
conflicts with the performance of Executives obligations and duties to the Company, provided, however, that the foregoing shall
not prevent Executive from managing Executives personal affairs and passive personal investments and participating in charitable,
civic, educational, professional or community affairs, so long as, in the aggregate, any such activities do not unreasonably interfere
or conflict with Executives duties hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict with the Company, as reasonably
determined by the Company.

5.
Reimbursement for Expenses. Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in the discharge of the services to be performed
hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies, as the same may be modified by the Company from time
to time in its sole and complete discretion (the Reimbursement Policies). Subject to the provisions of Section 14.2
below (Section 409A Compliance), the Company shall reimburse Executive for all such proper expenses upon presentation by Executive of
itemized accounts of such expenditures in accordance with the terms of the Reimbursement Policies.

2

6.
Termination.

6.1
Death. Executives employment shall immediately and automatically be terminated upon Executives death.

6.2
Disability. The Company may, subject to applicable law, terminate Executives employment due to a Disability by providing
written notice of such termination and its effective date to Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability
means a disability that entitles Executive to benefits under the applicable Company long-term disability plan covering Executive and,
in the absence of such a plan, that Executive shall have been unable, due to physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform
Executives essential job duties and responsibilities hereunder, after reasonable accommodations, for at least 120 consecutive
days, or 180 non-consecutive days, out of any 365 day period. In the event of any question as to the existence, extent or potentiality
of Executives Disability upon which the Company and Executive cannot agree, such question shall be resolved by a qualified, independent
physician mutually agreed to by the Company and Executive, the cost of such examination to be paid by the Company. If the Company and
Executive are unable to agree on the selection of such an independent physician, each shall appoint a physician and those two physicians
shall select a third physician who shall make the determination of whether Executive has a Disability. The written medical opinion of
such physician shall be conclusive and binding upon each of the Parties as to whether a Disability exists and the date when such Disability
arose. This section shall be interpreted and applied so as to comply with the provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act (to the
extent applicable) and any applicable state or local laws.

6.3
For Cause by the Company. The Company may terminate Executives employment for Cause, at any time, upon written notice reasonably
describing the nature of such Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause means Executives: (i)
willful misconduct with respect to the Company, which causes material harm to the Company or its reputation; (ii) continuing failure
to materially perform Executives essential job duties (other than upon a Disability), provided that Executives failure
to achieve Company operating goals by itself, will not constitute a basis for Cause if Executive attempts in good faith to meet such
operating goals; (iii) refusal to follow a lawful directive of the Board that is materially related to and reasonably consistent with
the provisions of Section 1 above; (v) act of fraud with respect to the Company or willful and knowing misappropriation of Company property;
(vi) commission of any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude; or (vii) material breach of any material term of this Agreement
or of any separate proprietary information and invention assignment agreement between Executive and the Company, provided, however,
that, in the event of conduct described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) that is reasonably capable of being cured, Cause shall exist
only if the Company provides written notice to Executive within sixty (60) days following the initial occurrence of such event giving
rise to Cause reasonably detailing such grounds for Cause and Executive fails to cure such grounds for Cause to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Company within thirty (30) business days after delivery to Executive of such written notice. Executives date of termination
in the event Executives employment is terminated for Cause shall be the date on which Executive is given notice of termination
under this Section 6.3, except, if a notice period is required, Executives date of termination shall be upon the expiration of
said notice period if Executive fails to previously cure the grounds giving rise to Cause.

3

6.4
Resignation by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may resign Executives employment hereunder for Good Reason, at any
time. For the purpose of this Agreement, Good Reason means: (i) any action or inaction that constitutes a material
breach by the Company of this Agreement or the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and Executive (refer to Section 14.3 below);
(ii) any change in Executives title or reporting line or a reduction in authority or duties of employment; or (iii) the Company
no longer permits full-time remote working; provided, in each case, Executive has provided the Company with written notice reasonably
detailing such grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days after the occurrence thereof, and the Company fails to cure such grounds
for Good Reason within thirty (30) days after delivery to it of such written notice. To resign for Good Reason, Executive must provide
the Company with a resignation notice within thirty (30) days after the Company fails to cure the grounds for Good Reason during the
aforementioned thirty (30)-day cure period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Term, in the event that the Company reasonably
believes that Executive may have engaged in conduct that could constitute Cause hereunder, the Company may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, suspend Executive from performing Executives duties hereunder for a period of up to sixty (60) days, and in such event
such suspension shall not constitute an event pursuant to which Executive may terminate this Agreement with Good Reason; provided,
however, that no such suspension shall alter the Companys obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation,
its obligations to provide Executive compensation and benefits) during such period of suspension. Executives date of termination
in the event Executive resigns Executives employment for Good Reason shall be the effective date of Executives notice of
resignation, except that the Company may waive all or any part of the above-referenced thirty (30)-day cure period, in which event Executives
date of termination shall be the last day of such cure period that has not been waived or, if the entire cure period has been waived,
the date that Executive provided notice of the grounds for Good Reason.

6.5
Without Cause or Without Good Reason. The Company may terminate Executives employment without Cause, at any time, in its
sole and complete discretion, by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination and its effective
date to Executive. Likewise, Executive may terminate Executives employment without Good Reason upon at least thirty (30) days
prior written notice to the Company without any liability. Termination of Executives employment without Cause by the Company or
without Good Reason by Executive shall not include termination of Executives employment due to Executives death or Disability.

7.
Effect of Termination of Employment.

7.1
Generally. In the event Executives employment with the Company terminates, Executive shall have no right to receive any
compensation, benefits or any other payments or remuneration of any kind from the Company, except as otherwise provided by this Section
7, in Section 12, in any separate written agreement between Executive and the Company, as may be provided in the applicable bonus plan
or as may be required by law. In the event Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive shall
receive the following (collectively, the Accrued Obligations): (i) Executives Base Salary through and including
the effective date of Executives termination of employment (the Termination Date), which shall be paid on
the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company following the Termination Date or on or before any earlier date as required
by applicable law; (ii) payment of any vested benefit due and owing under any employee benefit plan, policy or program pursuant to the
terms of such plan, policy or program (including, without limitation, the applicable bonus plan); and (iii) payment for unreimbursed
business expenses subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of Section 5 above, which payment shall be made within thirty (30) days
after Executive submits the applicable supporting documentation to the Company, and in any event no later than on or before the last
day of Executives taxable year following the year in which the expense was incurred.

4

7.2
Severance Benefits. In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6.5 above
(without Cause) or by Executive pursuant to Section 6.4 above (for Good Reason), in addition to the Accrued Obligations, Executive shall
be entitled to receive severance benefits (the Severance Benefits), subject to and in accordance with the terms
of this Section 7.1.

(a)
Benefits. The Severance Benefits shall consist of the payments and benefits provided by this Section 7.2(a).

(i)
Executive shall receive payment of an amount (the Severance Pay) equal to Executives Base Salary immediately
prior to the Termination Date (or, if Good Reason was attributable to the Companys failure to pay the Base Salary provided herein,
such provided for Base Salary) for a period of time immediately following the Termination Date equal to 12 months (the Severance
Period). The Severance Pay shall be paid in the form of salary continuation pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section
3.1 above, commencing within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company
that is practicable after the effective date of the Release (defined in Section 7.2(b) below), except that, if the Release may
be executed and/or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs, the Severance Pay shall
commence on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company in the calendar year in which the consideration or, if applicable,
release revocation period ends to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A (as defined in Section 14.2 below). The first such
payment shall include payment for any payroll dates between the Termination Date and the date of such payment.

(ii)
Executive shall receive a bonus for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs in the amount that Executive would have received
under the Companys bonus plan for such calendar year as if Executive had been employed for such entire year (calculated at 100%
of Executives Target Bonus for such year) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days Executive
was employed during such calendar year and the denominator of which shall be 365. Such bonus shall be paid at the time bonus payments
are paid to other employees under such bonus plan or, if later, the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company that is practicable
after the effective date of the Release Agreement, but in no event later than two and a half (2.5) months after the end of the fiscal
year in which the termination date occurs.

(iii)
All of Executives unvested equity awards that would have vested during the 12 months following the date of termination will become
fully vested.

5

(iv)
During the Severance Period until such time, if any, as Executive is eligible for group health insurance benefits from another employer,
Executive shall be eligible to continue to participate in the Companys group health insurance benefits on the same terms and conditions
as then applicable to current employees, except that, if Executive is not permitted to continue to participate in any such health
insurance plans for any portion of the Severance Period as a result of the terms of such plans or applicable law and Executive elects
to continue his or his dependents health insurance benefits pursuant to COBRA, the Company will pay or reimburse Executive for
the portion of the COBRA premium that is equal to the insurance premium the Company would pay if Executive was then an active employee
of the Company. Following the Severance Period, should Executive elect to continue Executive or Executives dependents health
insurance benefits, Executive shall be responsible for the entire cost thereof. If the Company is unable to provide the benefit provided
above in this paragraph without violating applicable health care discrimination laws, then, in lieu of such benefit, the Company shall
pay Executive a gross amount equal to what the Companys cost would have been to provide such benefit.

(v)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount described in this Section 7.2(a) shall be reduced by the present value of any other
cash severance or termination benefits payable to Executive under any other plans, programs or arrangement of the Company, subject to
compliance with Section 409A.

(b)
Change of Control Benefits. In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6.5
above (without Cause) or by Executive pursuant to Section 6.4 above (for Good Reason), within 180 days of a Change of Control, the Severance
Benefits shall be modified so that the Severance Period will be 18 months and the Severance Pay shall be payable in a lump sum, the bonus
will be calculated at 150% of Executives Target Bonus, and all unvested equity awards as of the date of termination will become
fully vested. As used herein, the term Change of Control means (i) the sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition,
in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (ii) the consummation of any
merger, consolidation, sale of stock of the Company or other transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the direct
or indirect stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the consummation of such merger, consolidation, sale or other transaction
or series of related transactions do not, immediately following such consummation, directly or indirectly own a majority of the outstanding
equity interests in the entity resulting from or surviving such merger, consolidation, sale or other transaction or series of related
transactions.

(c)
General Release and Other Conditions for Severance Benefits. Provision of the Severance Benefits is conditioned on (i) Executives
continued compliance in all material respects with the terms of this Agreement that survive termination of Executives employment
with the Company, and (ii) Executive signing (without revoking if such right is provided under applicable law) a general release of claims
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release), which form may be modified as
necessary by the Company to comply with applicable law and to specify the date by which Executive must execute and return the Release
for it to be effective. Such Release shall be provided to Executive by the Company on or about the Termination Date. Executive must execute
the Release within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date (or such shorter time as may be set forth in the Release).

6

8.
Notice of Termination. In the event Executive elects to terminate Executives employment hereunder by resigning with
or without Good Reason under Sections 6.4 or 6.5 above, Executive shall provide the Company with the applicable prior written notice
of termination required by such Sections (the Notice Period). The Company may, in its discretion, provide payment
of Executives Base Salary in lieu of all or a portion of the Notice Period. The Company may require that, during the Notice Period,
or part or parts thereof, Executive does not do any of the following: (i) enter the Companys premises; (ii) undertake any work
for any third party whether paid or unpaid and whether as an employee or otherwise; (iii) have any contact or communication with any
client, customer or supplier of the Company; or (iv) have any contact or communication with any employee, officer, director, agent or
consultant of the Company. Additionally, during the Notice Period, or any part or parts thereof, the Company may require Executive to
do any of the following: (i) perform special projects or perform duties not within Executives normal duties (provided such duties
are commensurate with Executives position and title) or perform some but not all of Executives normal duties; and (ii)
keep the Company informed of Executives whereabouts so that Executive can be contacted if the need arises for Executive to perform
any duties provided by clause (i) of this sentence. The Company retains the right to terminate Executives employment under Section
6.3 above during the Notice Period.]

9.
Confidentiality.

9.1
Protection of Confidential Information. Executive will have access to certain confidential
information of the Company and/or its affiliates and Executive may, during the course of Executives employment, develop certain
information or inventions that will be the property of the Company and/or its affiliates. To protect the interests of the Company and
its affiliates, Executive agrees to execute the Companys Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation,
and Non-Competition Agreement, (attached hereto as Exhibit B) applying to the Company and its affiliates, as a condition
of Executives employment. During the Term and at all times thereafter, Executive will not, except to the extent necessary
to perform Executives duties hereunder or as required by law, directly or indirectly, use or disclose to any third person, without
the prior written consent of the Company, any Confidential Information (defined in Exhibit B) of the Company.
If it is necessary for Executive to use or disclose Confidential Information so as to comply with any law, rule, regulations, court order,
subpoena or other governmental mandate or investigation, Executive shall give prompt written notice to the Company of such requirement
(to the extent legally permissible), disclose no more information than is so required, and cooperate with any attempts by the Company
to obtain a protective order or similar treatment. In the event that the Company is bound by a confidentiality agreement or understanding
with a customer, vendor, supplier or other party regarding the confidential information of such customer, vendor, supplier or other party,
which is more restrictive than specified above in this Section 9.1, and of which Executive has notice or is aware, Executive shall adhere
to the provisions of such other confidentiality agreement, in addition to those of this Section 9.1. Executive shall exercise reasonable
care to protect all Confidential Information. Executive will immediately give notice to the Company of any unauthorized use or disclosure
of Confidential Information. Executive hereby represents and warrants that Executive shall assist the Company in remedying any such unauthorized
use or disclosure of Confidential Information.

7

9.2
Exceptions. Executive has the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to Federal, State, and local government officials,
or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive also has the right to disclose
trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public
disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade
secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Further, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit your ability
to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (or comparable state agency), the Occupational Safety
and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local government agency or commission,
nor are you prohibited from participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any of the foregoing, including
providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company.

10.
No Breach of Obligations to Prior Employers.
Executive
represents that this Agreement, agreement(s) concerning stock options granted to Executive, if any, under the Plan (as defined below),
the Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition Agreement and Executives commencement
of employment with the Company will not violate any agreement or duty that Executive has with any former employer, client or other person.

11.
Stock Options. As an executive of the Company, Executive may be provided stock option grants in the Company as governed
by the terms of the MAIA Biotechnology Stock Option Plan(s) and applicable agreements as may be in effect from time to time.

12.
Cooperation. During the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company, Executive
shall make himself available as reasonably practical to assist and cooperate with the Company in connection with the defense or prosecution
of any claim that may be made against or by the Company, or in connection with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim
of any kind involving the Company, including any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, judicial, legislative, or other body
or agency, including testifying in any proceeding to the extent such claims, investigations or proceedings relate to services performed
or required to be performed by Executive, pertinent knowledge possessed by Executive, or any act or omission by Executive. Executive
will also perform all acts and execute and deliver any documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this
Section 12. Any such requests by the Company with respect to the provisions of this Section shall be made with sufficient advance notice
and shall be subject to Executives reasonable availability and other professional and personal commitments. The Company will promptly
reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses Executive incurs in fulfilling Executives obligations under this Section. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section shall not be applicable to any claim by the Company against Executive or by Executive against the Company.

13.
Section 280G. In the event of a change in ownership or control under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Code), if it shall be determined that any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation
(within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment), would constitute an excess
parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, the aggregate present value of the Payments under the Agreement
shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount (defined below) if and only if the Accounting Firm (described below) determines
that the reduction will provide the Executive with a greater net after-tax benefit than would no reduction. No reduction shall be made
unless the reduction would provide Executive with a greater net after-tax benefit. The determinations under this Section shall be made
as follows:

13.1
The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of
Payments under this Agreement without causing any Payment under this Agreement to be subject to the Excise Tax (defined below), determined
in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. The term Excise Tax means the excise tax imposed under Section
4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax.

8

13.2
Payments under this Agreement shall be reduced on a nondiscretionary basis in such a way as to minimize the reduction in the economic
value deliverable to the Executive. Where more than one payment has the same value for this purpose and they are payable at different
times, they will be reduced on a pro rata basis. Only amounts payable under this Agreement shall be reduced pursuant to this Section.

13.3
All determinations to be made under this Section shall be made by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by the Company
and agreed to by the Executive immediately prior to the change-in-ownership or -control transaction (the Accounting Firm).
The Accounting Firm shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within ten
(10) days of the transaction. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive. All
of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm in performing the determinations referred to in this Section shall be borne solely by
the Company.

14.
Miscellaneous Provisions.

14.1
IRCA Compliance. This Agreement, and Executives employment with the Company, is conditioned on Executives establishing
Executives identity and authorization to work as required by the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA).

14.2
Section 409A Compliance.

(a)
This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of Code, and its corresponding regulations, or an exemption thereto, and payments
may only be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable.
Severance benefits under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under the short-term deferral
exception, to the maximum extent applicable, and then under the separation pay exception, to the maximum extent applicable.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if required by Section 409A of the Code, if the Executive is considered a
specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and if payment of any amounts under this Agreement is required
to be delayed for a period of six (6) months after separation from service pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, payment of such amounts
shall be delayed as required by Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump-sum payment within 10 days
after the end of the six (6)-month period. If the Executive dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of benefits, the
amounts withheld on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of the Executives estate
within sixty (60) days after the date of the Executives death.

9

(b)
All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service
under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment,
and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments.
In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the fiscal year of a payment. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the timing of the Executives execution of the Release, directly or indirectly, result
in the Executives designating the fiscal year of payment of any amounts of deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the
Code, and if a payment that is subject to execution of the Release could be made in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made
in the later taxable year.

(c)
All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of
Section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement be for expenses incurred during the
period specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a fiscal
year not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other fiscal year, (iii) the reimbursement
of an eligible expense be made no later than the last day of the fiscal year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and
(iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

14.3
Indemnification Agreement. The Company shall enter into an indemnification agreement with Executive on substantially the same
terms as provided to the other officers and directors of the Company that shall provide for mandatory indemnification to the fullest
extent provided by law and advancement of legal expenses.

14.4
Assignability and Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and legal representatives of Executive, and shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company,
the Company affiliates and their successors and assigns, but the obligations of Executive are personal services and may not be delegated
or assigned. Executive shall not be entitled to assign, transfer, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Agreement,
or any of Executives rights and obligations hereunder, and any such attempted delegation or disposition shall be null and void
and without effect. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company to a person or entity that is an affiliate or a successor in interest
to substantially all of the business operations of the Company. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder
shall become the rights and obligations of such affiliate or successor person or entity.

14.5
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and
effect.

14.6
Choice of Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois,
without regard to its conflict-of-law principles, except to the extent that Section 14.7 is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.
The Parties agree that any dispute concerning or arising out of this Agreement or Executives employment hereunder (or termination
thereof) that is not subject to the arbitration provisions of Section 14.7, shall be litigated exclusively in an appropriate state or
federal court in Cook County, Illinois and hereby consent, and waive any objection, to the jurisdiction of any such court.

10

14.7
Arbitration. Pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, Executive and Company specifically, knowingly, and voluntarily agree to
use final and binding arbitration to resolve any dispute between them or any employees or affiliates of Company. This arbitration agreement
applies to all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other agreement, Executives employment with Company,
or the separation of that employment. Examples of claims subject to this provision, include, without limitation, disputes over alleged
breaches of this Agreement, compensation disputes, and claims of discrimination, harassment or retaliation in violation of Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Illinois Human Rights Act, Chicago Human Rights Ordinance, and
Cook County Human Rights Ordinance, or any other federal, state or local law relating to discrimination in employment. Any arbitration
pursuant to this Section 14.7 will take place in Cook County, Illinois under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association, in
accordance with its Employment Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the dispute (available from Company and at https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/EmploymentRules_Web_2.pdf),
and before a neutral arbitrator selected in accordance with such rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered
in any state or federal court sitting in or closest to Cook County, Illinois. Each party will pay the fees of their respective attorneys,
the expenses of their witnesses, cost of any record or transcript of the arbitration, and any other expenses connected with the arbitration
that such party would be expected to incur had the dispute been subject to resolution in court. The Company will pay all expenses unique
to the arbitration process to the extent required by law. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award any damages authorized by
law, including an award of costs and attorneys fees. This provision shall not apply to (i) claims for workers compensation
benefits; (ii) claims for unemployment insurance compensation benefits; and (iii) to the extent required by law, administrative claims
or charges that are required to be filed before applicable federal and state administrative agencies (such as the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or comparable state agency, and any unfair labor charge which is to be brought under the National Labor Relations Act). Further,
claims must be brought in each partys individual capacity; the arbitrator shall have no authority to preside over a class, collective
or consolidated proceeding. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO BRING SUCH CLAIMS TO COURT.

14.8
Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement or necessary or convenient in connection
herewith shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when hand delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, as
follows (provided that notice of change of address shall be deemed given only when received):

If
to the Company, to:

Human
Resources

hr@maiabiotech.com

MAIA
Biotechnology, Inc.

444
West Lake Street, Suite 1700

Chicago,
IL 60606

Tel.:
312-416-8592

11

If
to the Executive, to the most recent address on file with the Company or to such other names or addresses as the Company or the Executive,
as the case may be, shall designate by notice to each other person entitled to receive notices in the manner specified in this Section.

14.9
No Mitigation or Set-Off. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way
of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement, and such amounts shall not be reduced
regardless of whether the Executive obtains other employment. The Companys obligation to make the payments provided for in this
Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation,
any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company may have against the Executive or others.

14.10
Survival of Terms. All provisions of this Agreement and any agreements incorporated by reference herein that, either expressly
or impliedly, contain obligations that extend beyond termination of Executives employment hereunder, including without limitation,
the Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition Agreement,
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and of Executives employment hereunder for any reason.

14.11
Interpretation. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. The language in all parts of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed according to its fair
meaning, and not strictly for or against any Party. The Parties acknowledge that both of them have participated in drafting this Agreement;
therefore, any general rule of construction that any ambiguity shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this Agreement.
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the masculine, feminine and neuter genders and the singular and the plural
include one another.

14.12
Further Assurances. The Parties will execute and deliver such further documents and instruments and will take all other actions
as may be reasonably required or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

14.13
Outplacement. If Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason, the Company will pay for outplacement services
by the vendor of Executives choice for one (1) year.

14.14
Voluntary and Knowing Execution of Agreement. Executive acknowledges that (i) Executive has had the opportunity to consult an
attorney regarding the terms and conditions of this Agreement before executing it, (ii) Executive fully understands the terms of this
Agreement, and (iii) Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily, knowingly and willingly and without duress.

14.15
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties concerning the subject matter
hereof, and it supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings and agreements between
the Parties regarding such subject matter. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that such Party is not relying on, and may not rely on,
any oral or written representation of any kind that is not set forth in writing in this Agreement.

12

14.16
Waivers and Amendments. This Agreement may be altered, amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and the terms hereof may be
waived, only by a written instrument signed by the Parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party alleged to have waived compliance.
Any such signature of the Company must be by an authorized signatory for the Company. No delay by any Party in exercising any right,
power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any Party of any such right, power
or privilege, nor any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege.

14.17
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart, when executed, shall have the efficacy of
a signed original. Photographic copies, electronically scanned copies and other facsimiles of this Agreement (including such signed counterparts)
may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose.

[The
remainder of this page is intentionally blank; signature page follows.]

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written.

/s/
Vlad Vitoc 

VLAD
VITOC 

MAIA BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 

By: /s/
Jeffrey C. Himmelreich 

Name: Jeffrey
C. Himmelreich 

Title:
Head
of Finance 

[Signature
page to Employment Agreement.]

14

EXHIBIT
A

RELEASE
AGREEMENT

SEPARATION
AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

This
SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE (Agreement) is made as of the Effective Date (as defined below) by and between
MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (Company) and Vlad Vitoc (Executive) based on the following terms:

WHEREAS,
Executive and Company mutually desire to terminate their employment relationship.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth in the Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1. Separation
from employment. Executive will terminate employment with Company effective [DATE] (Separation Date). Within
one week of this date, Executive agrees to return to Company any and all Company property acquired during the term of employment.

2. Consideration
for signing. In consideration for Executive signing this Agreement, complying with his transition obligations, and contingent
on Executive not revoking this Agreement as provided below, Executive shall receive the following (collectively, the Separation
Benefits):

a. Payment
of severance benefits per 7.2 of the Executive Employment Agreement dated February 01, 2025.

b. If
Executive timely elects to continue his group health insurance coverage through COBRA, the Company will for (x) months from the date
Executive is eligible to participate in COBRA, pay Executives COBRA premiums on Executives behalf (at the level of
Executives elected coverage existing today), i.e., from [DATE-DATE]. Thereafter, on [DATE], Executive will be responsible
for the remaining COBRA premiums.

c. Notwithstanding
Executives Separation Date, Executive shall remain eligible to any vested amounts for which Executive is eligible up to and
including [DATE] per the [Insert Name of Relevant Agreement(s)], based on the same conditions and terms as provided in the [Insert
Name of Relevant Agreement (s)].

3. Compliance
with Executive Employment Agreement. Executive agrees to abide by all terms and conditions set forth in the Executive Employment
Agreement with Company dated February 01, 2025 and the Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Compete
Agreement dated February 01, 2025.

4. No
additional benefits. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the individual shall receive no benefits additional to those set
forth above. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has paid the Executive all salary, wages, overtime, bonuses, commissions,
and other compensation due to the Executive, if any, and has paid Executive for all accrued benefits (including but not limited to
vacation and paid time off), if any, to which the Executive may be entitled. Once all of the payments referred to in Paragraph 2
have been made, Executive shall have been paid all compensation due and owing to the Executive under this Agreement, under any employment
or other contract the Executive has or may have had with the Company, under any separation or severance policy, under any commission
and/or sales plans, or from any other source of entitlement, including all salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation, paid leave, severance
pay or other benefits. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the Separation Benefits are consideration for the Executives
promises in this Agreement, and that such consideration is above and beyond any wages, salary, bonuses, commissions, severance, or
other sums to which the Executive is entitled from the Company under the terms of employment or under any policy, contract, or law.

15

5. Release
of claims. Executive stipulates, agrees, and understands that in consideration of the payments set forth in Paragraph 2 above,
that being good and valuable consideration, Executive hereby acting of his own free will, voluntarily and on behalf of himself, his
heirs, administrators, executors, successors and assigns, releases Company and its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers,
Executives, and agents, and each of them (Releasees), from any and all complaints, claims, demands, damages,
lawsuits, actions, and causes of action, whether known, unknown or unforeseen, arising out of or in connection with any event, transaction
or matter occurring or existing prior to or at the time of the Executives execution of this Agreement, which the Executive
has or may have against any of them for any reason whatsoever in law or in equity, under federal, state, local, or other law, whether
the same be upon statutory claim, contract, tort or other basis, including without limitation: (i) any and all claims arising from
or relating to the Executives employment or termination of employment; (ii) any and all claims relating to any oral or written
employment contract or oral or written policy of the Company; (iii) any and all claims arising out of federal, state, or local employment
laws including, but not limited to, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA) (as
amended), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the Civil Rights Act of 1866 (as amended), Illinois Human Rights
Act, Cook County Human Rights Ordinance, Chicago Human Rights Ordinance, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation
Act of 1973 (as amended), the Family and Medical Leave Act (as amended), the Executive Retirement Income Security Act (as amended),
the Equal Pay Act (as amended), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as amended), the Fair Labor Standards Act (as amended), the National Labor
Relations Act (as amended), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (as amended), the Occupational Safety and Health Act (as amended), the
Families First Coronavirus Response Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act (as amended), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act (as amended); all applicable state and local laws; and (iv) any and all tort claims, claims for attorneys
fees, or other claims which might have been asserted by the Executive or on the Executives behalf in any grievance, suit,
charge, cause of action, or claim (the Released Matters). In addition to the above, the Released Matters include,
but are not limited to, claims for employment discrimination, wrongful termination, constructive termination, violation of public
policy, retaliation, breach of any express or implied contract, breach of any implied covenant, detrimental reliance, breach of fiduciary
duty, fraud, intentional or negligent misrepresentation, emotional distress, slander, invasion of privacy, compensatory and/or punitive
damages. All of the above referenced statutes include any amendments.

a. By
virtue of this Agreement, Executive agrees that Executive has waived any damages and other relief available to Executive (including,
without limitation, money damages, equitable relief and reinstatement) under the claims waived in this Paragraph 5. Executive represents
and warrants that Executive has not previously filed or joined in any such claims against the persons or entities released in this
Paragraph 5. Nothing herein, however, shall constitute a waiver of claims arising after the date Executive signs this Agreement,
or to any vested or accrued benefits earned under an Executive benefit plan maintained by Company and governed by the Executive Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, or any claim that cannot be waived by law. Additionally, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive
from responding truthfully to a valid subpoena or a request by a governmental agency in connection with any investigation it is conducting.
Finally, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with, providing information to,
or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)
or a comparable state or local government agency, although Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has waived the right
to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives behalf
or otherwise. The above provision is inapplicable and/or void with respect to claims that cannot be waived as a matter of law in
certain local or state jurisdictions or under federal law.

16

b. If
part or all of this Section is rendered void, illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the rest of this Section
and the other terms of the Agreement shall remain valid and shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible. If a court should determine
that any provision of this Agreement is overbroad or unreasonable, such provision shall be given effect to the maximum extent possible
by narrowing or enforcing in part that aspect of the provision.

c. Nothing
in this Agreement or release prevents Executive (or Executives attorney) from filing a charge, testifying, assisting or participating
in any manner in an investigation, hearing or proceeding, responding to any inquiry, or otherwise communicating with any governmental,
administrative, or regulatory (including any self-regulatory) agency or authority, including, but not limited to, the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
(CFPB), the US Department of Justice (DOJ), the US Congress, or any agency Inspector General. By accepting this Agreement, however,
to the extent any lawsuits, arbitrations, claims, charges, or complaints are filed against the Releasees in any administrative, judicial,
arbitral or other forum including any charges or complaints with any international, federal, state, or local agency by Executive
or any third party or otherwise, Executive expressly waives any right to collect any monies or other damages, or any other form of
recovery or relief, as a result of such charges or in connection with any such proceeding, provided that nothing herein limits or
restricts Executives ability to receive compensation pursuant to SEC or CFTC whistleblower programs, if applicable, or any
other program that by law precludes waiver of monetary recovery.

6. Representation
of No Existing Litigations or Factual or Legal Basis for Any Legitimate Claim. Executive represents, warrants and agrees that
Executive has not filed, or caused to be filed, any lawsuits or arbitrations against Company or any of the Releasees in any administrative,
judicial, arbitral or other forum. Executive is not aware of any factual or legal basis for any legitimate claim that Company is
in violation of any whistleblower, corporate compliance, or other regulatory obligation of Company under international, federal,
state or local law, rule or Company policy.

7. Period
of Review and Right to Revoke. Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that, (i) Executive will have twenty-one (21) days1
from the receipt of this Agreement in which to consider its terms (including, without limitation, Executives release
and waiver of any and all claims under the ADEA) before executing it; (ii) changes to the terms of this Agreement, whether material
or immaterial, will not restart this twenty-one (21) day period2; and (iii) Executive will have seven (7) days after
Executives execution of this Agreement in which to revoke Executives acceptance of this Agreement, in which event a
written notice of such revocation must be received by [NAME], on or before the seventh (7th) day. This Agreement will
become effective and enforceable on the eighth (8th) day after Executives execution of this Agreement pursuant
to the terms of this Section (the Effective Date), provided (A) Executive has executed and delivered this Agreement
to [NAME] after the Separation Date and on or before the date that is twenty-one days following Executives receipt of this
Agreement from the Company (i.e., [DATE]) and (B) Executive has not previously revoked this Agreement pursuant to the above
terms.

1
If group termination, 45 days/if individual termination, 21 days.

2
If group termination, 45 days/if individual termination, 21 days.

17

8. Proprietary
and/or Confidential Information. The Executive shall not disclose or use for any reason any sensitive, proprietary or confidential
information or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated entities, including without limitation trade secrets, customer
lists, customer contacts, customer relationships, financial data, long range or short range plans, and other data and information
of a competitive or sensitive nature, or any confidential or proprietary information of others licensed to the Company, that the
Executive acquired while an Executive of the Company. In addition to the foregoing and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the promises made in any Non-Disclosure Agreement or similar agreement
containing post-employment obligations (including but not limited to the post-employment obligations contained as part of [Insert
Name of Relevant Agreement(s)] whose terms and conditions shall be incorporated herein) between the Executive and the Company remain
binding on the Executive and continue in full force and effect according to their terms regardless of whether Executive signs this
Agreement.

a. Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret
law for the disclosure of a trade secret that(A) is made(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal. Additionally, an individual suing an Company for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law may
disclose a trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, so long as any document
containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the individual does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order.
Accordingly, Executive has the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to Federal, State, and local government officials, or
to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, and also have the right to disclose
trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from
public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures
of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b).

b. Section
7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) provides that: [e]mployees shall have the right to self-organization,
to form, join, or assist labor organizations, to bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing, and to engage
in other concerted activities for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection Nothing in
this Agreement shall interfere or be construed to interfere with any right which may be conferred to Executive under Section 7 of
the NLRA, including the right to engage in Executive communications regarding wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of employment
in any forum, including in the workplace or online, for mutual aid or protection.

18

c. Nothing
in this Agreement shall prohibit Executive from (i) discussing, disclosing or reporting any allegations of unlawful conduct, including
alleged criminal conduct or unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation, or any other conduct that Executive has reason to
believe is unlawful including, for avoidance of doubt, reporting such information to any Government Agencies; (ii) testifying in
an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged discrimination, harassment,
or retaliation by Company or its agents or Executives when required or requested by a court order, subpoena, or written request from
an administrative agency or the legislature; (iii) making truthful statements or disclosures about alleged unlawful discrimination,
harassment, or retaliation.

9. Non-Disparagement.
The Parties agrees to refrain from taking action or making statements, written or oral, which disparage or defame the goodwill or
reputation of the other party and/or, as applicable, its affiliated entities, its business, products, services, officers, directors,
Executives, and/or agents, except: (a) if testifying truthfully under oath pursuant to any lawful court order or subpoena, (b) otherwise
responding to or providing disclosures required by law, or (c) in connection with any governmental administrative or regulatory proceeding,
as required by law. The obligations in this Paragraph 9 apply to any statement to or response to an inquiry by any member of the
press or media, whether written, verbal, electronic, or otherwise. The Company agrees to provide a neutral reference which shall
include only dates of employment and last position held. This Paragraph 9 is subject to Subparagraphs 8(a) through (c), above.

10. Non-Disclosure
of this Agreement. Parties agrees that from and after the date of receipt of this Agreement, the Parties will not, directly or
indirectly, provide to any person or entity any information that concerns or relates to the negotiation of or circumstances leading
to the execution of this Agreement or to the terms and conditions hereof, except: (i) to the extent that such disclosure is specifically
required by law or legal process or as authorized in writing by the Company; (ii) to the Partys attorneys or tax advisors
as may be necessary for the preparation of tax returns or other reports required by law; (iii) to the Partys immediate family;
or (iv) for purposes of secreting enforcement of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, should that ever be necessary. The Parties
agree that prior to disclosing such information, the Parties will inform the recipient(s) that they are bound by the limitations
of this section and the confidential nature of this Agreement, and subsequent disclosure of such information by any such recipients
shall be deemed to be a disclosure by the Parties in breach of this Agreement.

11. [Required
Disclosures. The Older Workers Benefit Protection Act is a federal law requiring that certain information be provided to Executives
who are age 40 or older and are part of an exit incentive or other employment termination program. By signing this Agreement, Executive
acknowledges that Executive has been provided with the required information in Exhibit 1, attached hereto and incorporated herein
by reference, including the class, unit, or group of individuals eligible for benefits, the eligibility factors to receive the benefits,
the job titles and ages of all individuals who are eligible for the benefits, the ages of any Executives in the same job classification
or organizational unit who are not eligible for benefits, and applicable time limits, all of which are set forth in Exhibit 1.]3

12. Compliance
with Taxing Authorities. Company may deduct or withhold from any compensation or benefits any applicable federal, state or local
tax or employment withholdings or deductions resulting from any payments or benefits provided under this Agreement. In addition,
it is Companys intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Company does not guarantee
the tax treatment of any payments or benefits under this Agreement. Executive remains responsible for Executives share of
any and all tax obligations or other obligations under federal and/or state law pertaining to the receipt of any Separation Benefits,
and Executive hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates from any and all liability relating
to such obligations.

3
Only to be included if separation is part of an exit incentive or other employment termination program.

19

13. Severability
and Governing Law. Should any of the provisions of this Agreement be declared or be determined to be illegal or invalid, all
remaining parts, terms or provisions shall be valid, and the illegal or invalid part, term or provisions shall be deemed not to be
a part of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois
(excluding the choice of law rules thereof). Aside from any breaches arising from Executives breach of confidentiality and
trade secret obligations, should any dispute arise from this Agreement, Executive and Company agree to first attempt to resolve the
dispute via non-binding mediation in Cook County, Illinois at the expense of the Company and Executive equally, prior to initiating
suit. Any action to enforce the terms of this Agreement shall be commenced in Cook County, in the City of Chicago, State of Illinois.
Both parties consent to personal jurisdiction in federal and state courts in Chicago, Illinois. And, Executive hereby agrees to waive
Executives right to a jury trial in connection with any claim Executive may have against Company. The language of all parts
of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either
Executive or Company.

14. Cooperation.
Executive agrees to cooperate for one year with any reasonable expenses borne by Company with the Company and/or its affiliated entities
and its or their respective counsel in connection with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim of any kind involving
Company, including meeting with Companys counsel, any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, judicial, legislative,
or other body or agency, including testifying in any proceeding to the extent such claims, investigations or proceedings relate to
services performed or required to be performed by Executive, pertinent knowledge possessed by Executive, or any act or omission by
Executive. Executive further agrees to perform all acts and execute and deliver any documents that may be reasonably necessary to
carry out the provisions of this Section. For avoidance of doubt, all of Executives travel related to this provision shall
be at the Companys expense.

15. Assignment.
This Agreement and the Executives rights and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned by the Executive without
the prior written consent of the Company. The Company may assign, with or without the Executives consent, this Agreement and
its rights and obligations under the Agreement to any entity affiliated with it or to any successor entity.

16. Voluntary
and Knowing Execution of Agreement. Executive acknowledges that (i) Executive has been advised by the Company to consult an attorney
regarding any potential claims as well as the terms and conditions of this Agreement before executing it; (ii) Executive fully understands
the terms of this Agreement including, without limitation, the significance and consequences of the General Release in Paragraph
5 above, including that it contains a release of age discrimination claims; (iii) Executive is executing this Agreement in exchange
for consideration to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, and (iv) Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily,
knowingly and willingly and without duress.

[The
remainder of this page is intentionally blank; signature page follows.]

20

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Executive have executed this Agreement as of the date written below.

VLAD
VITOC MAIA
BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Name Name
/ Title

Signature Signature

Date Date

21

EXHIBIT
1 4

DISCLOSURE
INFORMATION PROVIDED

PURSUANT
TO THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT

Eligibility
Factors And Time Limitations

Employer,
MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (Company) is reducing and consolidating operations in its [INSERT DEPARTMENT(S)] departments,
and as a result is eliminating certain positions within those departments. All employees in the [INSERT DEPARTMENT(S)] located in the
[INSERT BUSINESS UNIT] comprise the decisional unit that the Company considered for eliminating jobs. All employees whose employment
is being terminated on or about [INSERT TERMINATION DATE] as a result of the reduction and consolidation of operations are selected for
the job elimination program and are being offered severance and certain other benefits in exchange for their execution of (and subject
to) the attached Separation Agreement and General Release (Agreement), in accordance with Companys separation
of employment policy. Employees were selected for job elimination based on one or more of the following factors business need, economic
conditions, redundancy of positions, performance, or business consolidation.

As
referenced in Paragraph 7 of the foregoing Agreement, you have at least forty-five (45) days to consider, execute, and deliver the Agreement
to [INSERT ADDRESS AND ATTN INFO FOR DESIGNATED DEPARTMENT AND EMPLOYEE]. You may voluntarily choose to execute the Agreement before
the end of the 45-day period. You have seven (7) days following your execution of the Agreement to revoke it in writing, and for a revocation
to be effective, notice must be received by [INSERT ADDRESS AND ATTN INFO FOR DESIGNATED DEPARTMENT AND EMPLOYEE], no later than 11:59
p.m. on the seventh calendar day after the date by which you signed the Agreement. The Agreement will become effective on the eighth
(8th) day after the employee signs it provided the employee does not revoke the Agreement during the revocation period.

The
following chart shows the job titles and ages of all employees who are within the decisional unit covered by the Program and who were
eligible for employment termination in connection with the Program. The first two columns in the chart list the departments and various
job titles of such employees. The third column in the chart lists their ages calculated as of [INSERT DATE]. The fourth and fifth columns
in the chart indicate whether each employee is or is not being terminated pursuant to the Program. Selected means that
the employee is being terminated:

DEPARTMENT

JOB TITLE

AGE

(AS OF _____, 202__

NUMBER SELECTED

NUMBER NOT SELECTED

4
Only needed if it is a group termination of employees over 40 in the agreements for any employees that are 40 or older in the group.

22

EXHIBIT
B

EMPLOYEE
INVENTION ASSIGNMENT, CONFIDENTIALITY,

NON-SOLICITATION, AND NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT

In
consideration of my employment or continued employment by MAIA Biotechnology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
along with professional benefits provided to me by the Company, I hereby represent and agree as follows:

1.
By virtue of my position, I understand that I will have and/or have had access to Confidential
Information (as defined below) regarding the Companys customers, suppliers, business plans, software, intellectual property, processes
and methods, development tools, scientific, technical and/or business innovations, and other information.

2.
Definitions. The following definitions apply to this Agreement:

a. Company
Interest means any business of the Company and its affiliates involving drugs for the treatment of cancer indication for
which company owned assets are being actively developed by the Company.

b. Intellectual
Property Rights means any and all intellectual property rights and other similar proprietary rights in any jurisdiction,
whether registered or unregistered, and whether owned or held for use under license with any third party, including all rights and
interests pertaining to or deriving from: (a) patents and patent applications, reexaminations, extensions and counterparts claiming
property therefrom; inventions, invention disclosures, discoveries and improvements, whether or not patentable; (b) computer
software and firmware, including data files, source code, object code and software-related specifications and documentation; (c)
works of authorship, whether or not copyrightable; (d) trade secrets (including those trade secrets defined in the Uniform Trade
Secrets Act and under corresponding statutory law and common law), business, technical and know-how information, non-public
information, and confidential information and rights to limit the use of disclosure thereof by any person; (e) trademarks, trade
names, service marks, certification marks, service names, brands, trade dress and logos and the goodwill associated therewith; (f)
proprietary databases and data compilations and all documentation relating to the foregoing, including manuals, memoranda and
record; (g) domain names; and (h) licenses of any of the foregoing; including in each case any registrations of, applications to
register, and renewals
and extensions of, any of the foregoing with or by any governmental authority in any jurisdiction.

23

c. Invention
means any products, process, ideas, improvements, discoveries, inventions, designs, algorithms, financial models, writings, works
of authorship, content, graphics, data, software, specifications, instructions, text, images, photographs, illustration, audio clips,
trade secrets and other works, material and information, tangible or intangible, whether or not it may be patented, copyrighted or
otherwise protected (including all versions, modifications, enhancements and derivative work thereof).

d. Confidential
Information means confidential, secret or other non-public or proprietary information of or about the Company and its
affiliates, their respective products, licensors, suppliers or customers and shall include, without limitation, information regarding:
Inventions, methodologies, processes, tools, computer programs and documentation, manufacturing and application information, business
strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, customer lists or other customer information, trade secrets,
new product developments, market information and advertising, business and marketing plans relating to the Company and its affiliates
and any other non-public information, whether in writing or given to me orally, which I know or have reason to know the Company would
like to treat as confidential for any purpose, such as maintaining a competitive advantage or avoiding undesirable publicity.

3.
Works for Hire. I acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within
the scope of my employment and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, pursuant to United States Copyright
Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101).

4.
Assignment of Intellectual Property Rights. In consideration of my employment and/or continued
employment, I agree to be bound by this Section 4.

a.
General. Subject to the limitations set forth in Exhibit 2 attached hereto of which
I acknowledge that I read and understand, I agree to assign, and hereby do assign, to the Company all of my rights in any Inventions
(as defined above) (including all Intellectual Property Rights, as defined above) that are made, conceived or reduced to practice, in
whole or in part and whether alone or with others, by me during my employment by, or service with, the Company or any of its affiliates
or which arise out of any activity conducted by, for or under the direction of the Company or any of its affiliates (whether or not conducted
at the Companys or any of its affiliates facilities, working hours or using any of the Companys or its affiliates
assets), or which are useful with, or relate directly or indirectly to, any Company Interest (as defined above). I will promptly and
fully disclose and provide all of the Inventions described above (the Assigned Inventions) to the Company.

24

b.
Assurances. I hereby agree during the duration of my employment by, or service with, the
Company and thereafter to further assist the Company, at the Companys expense, to evidence, record and perfect the Companys
rights in and ownership of the Assigned Inventions, to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce and defend any rights specified to be so owned
or assigned and to provide and execute all documentation necessary to effect the foregoing.

c.
Other Inventions. I agree to not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Invention
conceived, created, developed or reduced to practice by me (alone or with others) prior to or independently of my employment by, or service
with, the Company or its affiliates (collectively, Prior Inventions) in any work I perform for the Company or its
affiliates, without the Companys prior written consent. My Prior Inventions are listed in Exhibit 1 attached hereto.

d.
Moral Rights. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the terms of this Section 4 shall
include all right of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as moral
right, artists rights, droit moral or the like (collectively, Moral Rights). To the extent I retain any such
Moral Rights under applicable law, I hereby ratify and consent to any action that may be taken with respect to such Moral Rights by,
or authorized by, the Company and agree not to assert any Moral Rights with respect thereto. I will confirm any such ratification, consent
or agreement from time to time as requested by the Company.

5.
Publicity. I consent to any and all uses and displays by the Company of my name, voice,
likeness, image, appearance and biographical information in or in connection with any pictures, photographs, audio and video recordings,
digital images, websites, television programs, and other advertising and/or printed and electronic forms and media (Permitted
Use). I hereby release the Company from any and all claims, actions, damages, costs, and liability of any kind in connection
with any Permitted Use.

25

6.
Protection of Confidential Information of the Company. I understand that my work as an employee
of the Company creates a relationship of trust and confidence between myself and the Company. During and after the period of my employment
with the Company and its affiliates, I will not use or disclose or allow anyone else to use or disclose any Confidential Information
except as may be necessary in the performance of my work for the Company and its affiliates or as may be authorized in advance by appropriate
officers of the Company. Except as set forth herein, I will keep all Confidential Information secret and will not allow any unauthorized
use of the same, whether or not any document containing it is marked as confidential. In addition, if I am requested or required (by
oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information, subpoena, civil investigative demand, or similar process) to disclose any
Confidential Information, it is agreed that I will provide the Company with prompt written notice of such request(s) so that the Company
may seek an appropriate protective order. If, failing the entry of a protective order, I am, in the opinion of my counsel, compelled
to disclose any Confidential Information under pain of liability for contempt or other censure or penalty, I may disclose only that portion
of such Confidential Information as is legally required without liability hereunder; provided, that I agree to exercise my reasonable
efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such Confidential Information. Upon termination of my employment
with the Company and its affiliates, I will promptly deliver to the Company all documents and materials of any nature pertaining to my
employment with the Company and I will not take with me any documents or materials or copies thereof containing any Confidential Information.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, I am hereby notified that federal law provides for immunity from liability for the confidential disclosure
of a trade secret as defined by federal law that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly
or indirectly, or to an attorney if that disclosure is made solely for t d e purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation
of law, or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

7.
Non-Solicitation. I understand that my work as an employee of the Company creates a relationship
of trust and confidence between myself and the Company. During my employment with the Company and its affiliates and for a period of
one (1) year thereafter, I will not request or otherwise attempt to induce or influence, directly or indirectly, any present customer,
licensor or supplier, or prospective customer, licensor or supplier, of the Company or other persons sharing a business relationship
with the Company to cancel, to limit, divert, reduce or postpone their business with the Company, or otherwise take any action which
might be to the disadvantage of the Company. During my employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, I will
not hire or solicit for employment, directly or indirectly, or induce or actively attempt to influence, any agent, consultant or Employee
of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to terminate
his or her employment or discontinue such persons consultant, contractor or other business association with the Company.

26

8.
Non-Compete. During my employment with the Company and its affiliates and for a period of
one (1) year thereafter, I will not directly or indirectly, for myself, or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation or other
entity (except the Company or any of its affiliates),whether as principal, agent, debtor, executive, consultant, joint venturer, investor,
employee, stockholder, partner, officer, member, manager, director, sole proprietor or in any other capacity, engage in, manage, own,
operate, control, participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of or assist in any person or entity, whose business
activities involve (i) development, registration, sale or marketing of telomere targeting agents or drugs. This provision may be modified
or waived by written consent of the Compensation Committee of the MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. Board of Directors.

9.
Mutual Non-Disparagement. I agree that I will not make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity in any public form any
defamatory or disparaging comments, or statements concerning the Company or its business, employees, customers or affiliates. I understand
this provision is not meant to restrict my rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. Company agrees that it will not
make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity in any public form any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements
concerning you.

10.
Reasonableness of Restrictions. I agree that I have read this entire Agreement and
understand it. I agree that this Agreement does not prevent me from earning a living or pursuing my career. I agree that the restrictions
contained in this Agreement are reasonable, proper, and necessitated by the Companys legitimate business interests. I represent
and agree that I am entering into this Agreement freely and with knowledge of its contents with the intent to be bound by the Agreement
and the restrictions contained in it.

11.
Modification. In the event that a court finds this Agreement, or any of its restrictions,
to be ambiguous, unenforceable, or invalid, I and the Company agree that this Agreement will be automatically modified to provide the
Company with the maximum protection of its business interests allowed by law and I agree to be bound by this Agreement as modified.

12.
Other Agreements. I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and
my duties as an employee of the Company will not breach any invention assignment agreement, confidential information agreement, non-competition
agreement or other agreement with any former employer or any other party. I represent that I have not and will not bring with me to the
Company or use in the performance of my duties for the Company or its affiliates any documents or materials of a former employer that
are not generally available to the public.

27

13.
Disclosure of this Agreement. I do not hereby authorize the Company to notify others, including
but not limited to customers of the Company and any of my future employers, of the terms of this Agreement and my responsibilities hereunder.

14.
Injunctive Relief. I understand that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this
Agreement by me, the Company may suffer irreparable harm and monetary damages alone would not adequately compensate the Company. The
Company will therefore be entitled to injunctive relief to enforce this Agreement in addition to any other remedies which the Company
may be entitled to at law or hereunder, and such relief may be granted without the necessity of the Company showing any actual damage
or irreparable harm, proving the inadequacy of its legal remedies, or posting any bond or other security proving actual monetary damages.
I agree that if there is a question as to the enforceability of any of the provisions of this Agreement, I will not engage in any conduct
inconsistent with or contrary to this Agreement until after the question has been resolved by a final judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction. In addition, while the duration of my covenants described in Sections 6, 7 and 8 above will be determined generally in
accordance with the terms of those respective Sections, if I violate any of those covenants, I agree to extend it on the same terms and
conditions for an additional period of time equal to the time that elapses from my violation to the later of (i) when the violation stops
or (ii) the final resolution of any litigation stemming from such violation. In addition, in the event of any such breach, or any attempted
or threatened breach, Employee agrees that the Company shall be entitled to recovery of the legal costs incurred, including reasonable
attorneys fees, in any such action or suit. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Company from obtaining
any other remedy or combination of remedies as the Company may elect to invoke. The failure of the Company to promptly institute legal
action upon any breach of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that or any other breach of this Agreement. The venue for any
Court suit will be a state or federal court sitting in Chicago, Illinois.

15.
Enforcement and Severability. I acknowledge that each of the provisions in this Agreement
are separate and independent covenants. I agree that if any court shall determine that any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable
with respect to its term or scope such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable by any such court upon such modified term or scope
as may be determined by such court to be reasonable and enforceable. The remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected by the unenforceability
or court ordered modification of a specific provision.

28

16.
At-Will Employment. I understand and agree that this Agreement does not constitute or create a contract of employment, whether
express or implied, between the Company and me. I am at all times an at-will employee of the Company, which means that either the Company
or I may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without cause. Nothing in this Agreement
promises employment for any specific duration or period of time. I acknowledge that the obligations of this Agreement survive the separation
of my employment (regardless of which party initiated it), to the extent permitted by governing law.

17.
Survival. The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment, regardless of the reason, and the assignment
of this Agreement by the Company to any successor in interest or other assignee.

18.
Governing Law; Venue. The laws of the State of Illinois shall govern the interpretation, validity and performance of the terms
of this Agreement, regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of law. Any dispute arising under or with
respect to this Agreement shall be brought and heard exclusively in mandatory binding arbitration pursuant to Section 14.7 of the Employment
Agreement

19.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is for
my benefit and the benefit of the Company, its successors, assigns, parent corporations, subsidiaries, affiliates, and purchasers, and
will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives.

20.
Superseding Agreement. I understand and agree that this Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to
subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter

21.
Waiver. No waiver by the Company of any breach of this Agreement shall be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver
by the Company of any right under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other right. The Company shall not be required
to give notice to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement.

29

22.
Acknowledgments. I acknowledge that I have read this agreement, was given the opportunity
to ask questions and sufficient time to consult an attorney and I have either consulted an attorney or affirmatively decided not to consult
an attorney. I understand that my obligations under this Agreement survive the termination of my employment with the Company. I UNDERSTAND
THAT I AM AN EMPLOYEE-AT-WILL WITH THE COMPANY, MEANING THAT EITHER I AM OR THE COMPANY IS COMPLETELY FREE TO TERMINATE OUR EMPLOYMENT
RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, WITHOUT INCURRING ANY OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER
OTHER THAN AS MAY BE SET FORTH IN A SIGNED WRITING BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ME. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE HAD A FULL OPPORTUNITY
TO REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT AND CONSULT WITH COUNSEL OF MY CHOICE IF I SO CHOOSE REGARDING ITS TERMS, AND THAT I AM FREELY ENTERING THIS
AGREEMENT WITH A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF ITS EFFECTS. I ACKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTAND THAT PURSUANT TO ILLINOIS LAW, I HAVE AT LEAST 14 CALENDAR
DAYS TO REVIEW THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND CAN VOLUNTARILY SIGN BEFORE THE 14 DAYS EXPIRE. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND
THAT THIS AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL PRIOR OR CONTEMPORANEOUS REPRESENTATIONS OR AGREEMENTS, WHETHER ORAL, WRITTEN, OR IMPLIED,
AND MAY NOT BE MODIFIED IN ANY WAY EXCEPT BY A SIGNED WRITING WHICH SPECIFICALLY REFERS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND IS SIGNED BY AN OFFICER
OR OTHER DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 1st of February, 2025.

VLAD
VITOC 

MAIA BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

30

EXHIBIT
1

LIST
OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP

Title Date Identifying
Number or Brief Description

None 

31

EXHIBIT
2

Invention
Assignment Exclusion Notice

THIS
IS TO NOTIFY THE EMPLOYEE in accordance with 765 ILCS 1060/2 that the foregoing Agreement between the Employee and the Company does not
require the Employee to assign or offer to assign to the Company any invention that the Employee developed entirely on the Employees
own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information unless:

1.
THE INVENTION RELATES TO THE COMPANYS BUSINESS OR THE COMPANYS ACTUAL OR DEMONSTRABLY ANTICIPATED RESEARCH OR DEVELOPMENT;
OR

2.
THE INVENTION RESULTS FROM ANY WORK PERFORMED BY THE EMPLOYEE FOR THE COMPANY.

To
the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require the Employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the
preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

I
ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT of a copy of this notification.

______________________________

Signature

______________________________

Printed
Name

Dated:
_________________________

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 01, 2025 (the Effective Date),
between MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (the Company) and Sergei Gryaznov (Executive, together with
the Company, the Parties and, each, a Party).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to continue to employ Executive, and Executive desires to accept such employment, on the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, on the basis of the foregoing premises and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties
agree as follows:

1. Employment;
Title; Duties and Location. The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company,
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, effective on the Effective Date. During the Term (as defined in Section
2 below), Executive shall serve the Company as Chief Scientific Officer and shall report exclusively and directly to the Chief Executive
Officer. Executive shall perform the duties consistent with Executives title and position and such other duties commensurate with
such position and title as shall be specified or designated by the Chief Executive Officer from time to time. The Company may enter into
loaned services or secondment agreements requiring that Executive provides similar services to Company subsidiaries or affiliates. There
is no principal place of performance by Executive of Executives duties hereunder and Executive will be entitled to work remotely
full-time under the Companys existing remote working arrangements; provided, that Executive may be required to reasonably
travel in connection with the performance of Executives duties.

2. Term.
Executives employment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until terminated
pursuant to the terms of Section 6 below (the Term).

3. Compensation.
During the Term only (unless otherwise expressly provided for herein), Executive shall be entitled to the following compensation and
benefits.

3.1 Salary.
Executive shall receive a base salary (the Base Salary) payable in substantially equal installments in accordance
with the Companys normal payroll practices and procedures in effect from time to time and subject to applicable withholdings and
deductions. Executives starting Base Salary shall be at the annual rate of $489,000.00. From time to time, the Company, at its
sole discretion, may review and increase Executives Base Salary.

3.2 Cash
Bonus. Executive shall be eligible for a discretionary annual bonus of up to forty-five percent (45%) of Executives Base Salary,
based on the attainment of individual performance objectives, corporate goals and milestone achievements established by the Board for
the previous performance year (the Annual Bonus). 

3.3 Performance
Incentive Options. Executive shall be eligible for a discretionary annual performance-based incentive options award beginning in
2025, based on the attainment of individual performance objectives, corporate goals and milestone achievements established by the Board
of Directors (the Annual Performance Incentive Options Award).

3.4 Benefits.
Subject to the Company having available funds, Executive and Executives dependents shall be eligible to participate in regular
health insurance and other employee benefit plans, generally established by the Company from time to time for similarly situated executives,
subject to the general eligibility requirements and other terms of such plans, and subject to the Companys right to amend, terminate
or take other similar action with respect to any such plans. 

3.5 Vacation.
Executive shall not accrue vacation or paid time off but may take such personal time as he deems appropriate while meeting his responsibilities
to the Company. For avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not receive payment of vacation or paid time off upon his termination of employment.

3.6 Required
Taxes and Withholdings. The Company shall withhold from any payments made to Executive (including, without limitation, those made
under this Agreement) all federal, state, local or other taxes and withholdings as shall be required pursuant to any law or governmental
regulation or ruling.

3.7 Insurance.
The Company shall maintain, at all times during the Term, directors and officers insurance that shall cover Executive as an insured under
such policy in at least an amount equal to the amount of the Companys policy in effect as of the Effective Date, or such higher
amount as the Board of Directors (the Board) may, in good faith, deem necessary or appropriate; provided, however, that
the Company may elect to change the insurance carrier. Executives coverage shall survive termination of employment to the extent
provided for in the separate indemnification agreement between the Executive and the Company.

4. Exclusivity
and Best Efforts. During Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall (i) in all respects conform to and comply
with the lawful directions and instructions given to Executive by the Company; (ii) devote Executives entire business time, energy
and skill to Executives services under this Agreement; (iii) use Executives best efforts to promote and serve the interests
of the Company and to perform Executives duties and obligations hereunder in a diligent, trustworthy, businesslike, efficient
and lawful manner; (iv) comply with all applicable laws and regulations, as well as the policies and practices established by the Company
from time to time and made applicable to its employees generally or senior executives; (v) not engage in any other business, profession
or occupation for compensation or otherwise; and (vi) not engage in any activity that, directly or indirectly, impairs or conflicts with
the performance of Executives obligations and duties to the Company, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent Executive
from managing Executives personal affairs and passive personal investments and participating in charitable, civic, educational,
professional or community affairs, so long as, in the aggregate, any such activities do not unreasonably interfere or conflict with Executives
duties hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict with the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company.

5. Reimbursement
for Expenses. Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in the discharge of the services to be performed hereunder in
accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies, as the same may be modified by the Company from time to time in its
sole and complete discretion (the Reimbursement Policies). Subject to the provisions of Section 14.2 below (Section
409A Compliance), the Company shall reimburse Executive for all such proper expenses upon presentation by Executive of itemized accounts
of such expenditures in accordance with the terms of the Reimbursement Policies.

2

6. Termination.

6.1 Death.
Executives employment shall immediately and automatically be terminated upon Executives death.

6.2 Disability.
The Company may, subject to applicable law, terminate Executives employment due to a Disability by providing written notice of
such termination and its effective date to Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means a disability
that entitles Executive to benefits under the applicable Company long-term disability plan covering Executive and, in the absence of
such a plan, that Executive shall have been unable, due to physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform Executives
essential job duties and responsibilities hereunder, after reasonable accommodations, for at least 120 consecutive days, or 180 non-consecutive
days, out of any 365 day period. In the event of any question as to the existence, extent or potentiality of Executives Disability
upon which the Company and Executive cannot agree, such question shall be resolved by a qualified, independent physician mutually agreed
to by the Company and Executive, the cost of such examination to be paid by the Company. If the Company and Executive are unable to agree
on the selection of such an independent physician, each shall appoint a physician and those two physicians shall select a third physician
who shall make the determination of whether Executive has a Disability. The written medical opinion of such physician shall be conclusive
and binding upon each of the Parties as to whether a Disability exists and the date when such Disability arose. This section shall be
interpreted and applied so as to comply with the provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act (to the extent applicable) and any
applicable state or local laws.

6.3 For
Cause by the Company. The Company may terminate Executives employment for Cause, at any time, upon written notice reasonably
describing the nature of such Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause means Executives: (i)
willful misconduct with respect to the Company, which causes material harm to the Company or its reputation; (ii) continuing failure
to materially perform Executives essential job duties (other than upon a Disability), provided that Executives failure
to achieve Company operating goals by itself, will not constitute a basis for Cause if Executive attempts in good faith to meet such
operating goals; (iii) refusal to follow a lawful directive of the Board that is materially related to and reasonably consistent with
the provisions of Section 1 above; (v) act of fraud with respect to the Company or willful and knowing misappropriation of Company property;
(vi) commission of any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude; or (vii) material breach of any material term of this Agreement
or of any separate proprietary information and invention assignment agreement between Executive and the Company, provided, however,
that, in the event of conduct described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) that is reasonably capable of being cured, Cause shall exist
only if the Company provides written notice to Executive within sixty (60) days following the initial occurrence of such event giving
rise to Cause reasonably detailing such grounds for Cause and Executive fails to cure such grounds for Cause to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Company within thirty (30) business days after delivery to Executive of such written notice. Executives date of termination
in the event Executives employment is terminated for Cause shall be the date on which Executive is given notice of termination
under this Section 6.3, except, if a notice period is required, Executives date of termination shall be upon the expiration of
said notice period if Executive fails to previously cure the grounds giving rise to Cause.

3

6.4 Resignation
by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may resign Executives employment hereunder for Good Reason, at any time. For the purpose
of this Agreement, Good Reason means: (i) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company
of this Agreement or the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and Executive (refer to Section 14.3 below); (ii) any change in
Executives title or reporting line or a reduction in authority or duties of employment; or (iii) the Company no longer permits
full-time remote working; provided, in each case, Executive has provided the Company with written notice reasonably detailing
such grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days after the occurrence thereof, and the Company fails to cure such grounds for Good
Reason within thirty (30) days after delivery to it of such written notice. To resign for Good Reason, Executive must provide the Company
with a resignation notice within thirty (30) days after the Company fails to cure the grounds for Good Reason during the aforementioned
thirty (30)-day cure period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Term, in the event that the Company reasonably believes that Executive
may have engaged in conduct that could constitute Cause hereunder, the Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, suspend Executive
from performing Executives duties hereunder for a period of up to sixty (60) days, and in such event such suspension shall not
constitute an event pursuant to which Executive may terminate this Agreement with Good Reason; provided, however, that
no such suspension shall alter the Companys obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its obligations to
provide Executive compensation and benefits) during such period of suspension. Executives date of termination in the event Executive
resigns Executives employment for Good Reason shall be the effective date of Executives notice of resignation, except that
the Company may waive all or any part of the above-referenced thirty (30)-day cure period, in which event Executives date of termination
shall be the last day of such cure period that has not been waived or, if the entire cure period has been waived, the date that Executive
provided notice of the grounds for Good Reason.

6.5 Without
Cause or Without Good Reason. The Company may terminate Executives employment without Cause, at any time, in its sole and
complete discretion, by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination and its effective date to
Executive. Likewise, Executive may terminate Executives employment without Good Reason upon at least thirty (30) days prior
written notice to the Company without any liability. Termination of Executives employment without Cause by the Company or without
Good Reason by Executive shall not include termination of Executives employment due to Executives death or Disability.

7. Effect
of Termination of Employment.

7.1 Generally.
In the event Executives employment with the Company terminates, Executive shall have no right to receive any compensation, benefits
or any other payments or remuneration of any kind from the Company, except as otherwise provided by this Section 7, in Section 12, in
any separate written agreement between Executive and the Company, as may be provided in the applicable bonus plan or as may be required
by law. In the event Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive shall receive the following
(collectively, the Accrued Obligations): (i) Executives Base Salary through and including the effective date
of Executives termination of employment (the Termination Date), which shall be paid on the first regularly
scheduled payroll date of the Company following the Termination Date or on or before any earlier date as required by applicable law;
(ii) payment of any vested benefit due and owing under any employee benefit plan, policy or program pursuant to the terms of such plan,
policy or program (including, without limitation, the applicable bonus plan); and (iii) payment for unreimbursed business expenses subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms of Section 5 above, which payment shall be made within thirty (30) days after Executive submits
the applicable supporting documentation to the Company, and in any event no later than on or before the last day of Executives
taxable year following the year in which the expense was incurred.

4

7.2 Severance
Benefits. In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6.5 above (without Cause)
or by Executive pursuant to Section 6.4 above (for Good Reason), in addition to the Accrued Obligations, Executive shall be entitled
to receive severance benefits (the Severance Benefits), subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Section
7.1.

(a) Benefits.
The Severance Benefits shall consist of the payments and benefits provided by this Section 7.2(a).

(i) Executive
shall receive payment of an amount (the Severance Pay) equal to Executives Base Salary immediately prior
to the Termination Date (or, if Good Reason was attributable to the Companys failure to pay the Base Salary provided herein, such
provided for Base Salary) for a period of time immediately following the Termination Date equal to 12 months (the Severance
Period). The Severance Pay shall be paid in the form of salary continuation pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section
3.1 above, commencing within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company
that is practicable after the effective date of the Release (defined in Section 7.2(b) below), except that, if the Release may
be executed and/or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs, the Severance Pay shall
commence on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company in the calendar year in which the consideration or, if applicable,
release revocation period ends to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A (as defined in Section 14.2 below). The first such
payment shall include payment for any payroll dates between the Termination Date and the date of such payment.

(ii) Executive
shall receive a bonus for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs in the amount that Executive would have received under
the Companys bonus plan for such calendar year as if Executive had been employed for such entire year (calculated at 100% of Executives
Target Bonus for such year) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days Executive was employed during
such calendar year and the denominator of which shall be 365. Such bonus shall be paid at the time bonus payments are paid to other employees
under such bonus plan or, if later, the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company that is practicable after the effective
date of the Release Agreement, but in no event later than two and a half (2.5) months after the end of the fiscal year in which the termination
date occurs.

(iii) All
of Executives unvested equity awards that would have vested during the 12 months following the date of termination will become
fully vested.

5

(iv) During
the Severance Period until such time, if any, as Executive is eligible for group health insurance benefits from another employer, Executive
shall be eligible to continue to participate in the Companys group health insurance benefits on the same terms and conditions
as then applicable to current employees, except that, if Executive is not permitted to continue to participate in any such health
insurance plans for any portion of the Severance Period as a result of the terms of such plans or applicable law and Executive elects
to continue his or his dependents health insurance benefits pursuant to COBRA, the Company will pay or reimburse Executive for
the portion of the COBRA premium that is equal to the insurance premium the Company would pay if Executive was then an active employee
of the Company. Following the Severance Period, should Executive elect to continue Executive or Executives dependents health
insurance benefits, Executive shall be responsible for the entire cost thereof. If the Company is unable to provide the benefit provided
above in this paragraph without violating applicable health care discrimination laws, then, in lieu of such benefit, the Company shall
pay Executive a gross amount equal to what the Companys cost would have been to provide such benefit.

(v) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the aggregate amount described in this Section 7.2(a) shall be reduced by the present value of any other cash severance
or termination benefits payable to Executive under any other plans, programs or arrangement of the Company, subject to compliance with
Section 409A.

(b) Change
of Control Benefits. In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6.5 above (without
Cause) or by Executive pursuant to Section 6.4 above (for Good Reason), within 180 days of a Change of Control, the Severance Benefits
shall be modified so that the Severance Period will be 18 months and the Severance Pay shall be payable in a lump sum, the bonus will
be calculated at 150% of Executives Target Bonus, and all unvested equity awards as of the date of termination will become fully
vested. As used herein, the term Change of Control means (i) the sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition,
in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (ii) the consummation of any
merger, consolidation, sale of stock of the Company or other transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the direct
or indirect stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the consummation of such merger, consolidation, sale or other transaction
or series of related transactions do not, immediately following such consummation, directly or indirectly own a majority of the outstanding
equity interests in the entity resulting from or surviving such merger, consolidation, sale or other transaction or series of related
transactions.

(c) General
Release and Other Conditions for Severance Benefits. Provision of the Severance Benefits is conditioned on (i) Executives
continued compliance in all material respects with the terms of this Agreement that survive termination of Executives employment
with the Company, and (ii) Executive signing (without revoking if such right is provided under applicable law) a general release of claims
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release), which form may be modified as
necessary by the Company to comply with applicable law and to specify the date by which Executive must execute and return the Release
for it to be effective. Such Release shall be provided to Executive by the Company on or about the Termination Date. Executive must execute
the Release within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date (or such shorter time as may be set forth in the Release).

6

8. Notice
of Termination. In the event Executive elects to terminate Executives employment hereunder by resigning with or without
Good Reason under Sections 6.4 or 6.5 above, Executive shall provide the Company with the applicable prior written notice of termination
required by such Sections (the Notice Period). The Company may, in its discretion, provide payment of Executives
Base Salary in lieu of all or a portion of the Notice Period. The Company may require that, during the Notice Period, or part or parts
thereof, Executive does not do any of the following: (i) enter the Companys premises; (ii) undertake any work for any third party
whether paid or unpaid and whether as an employee or otherwise; (iii) have any contact or communication with any client, customer or
supplier of the Company; or (iv) have any contact or communication with any employee, officer, director, agent or consultant of the Company.
Additionally, during the Notice Period, or any part or parts thereof, the Company may require Executive to do any of the following: (i)
perform special projects or perform duties not within Executives normal duties (provided such duties are commensurate with Executives
position and title) or perform some but not all of Executives normal duties; and (ii) keep the Company informed of Executives
whereabouts so that Executive can be contacted if the need arises for Executive to perform any duties provided by clause (i) of this
sentence. The Company retains the right to terminate Executives employment under Section 6.3 above during the Notice Period.]

9. Confidentiality.

9.1 Protection
of Confidential Information. Executive will have access to certain confidential information of the Company and/or its affiliates
and Executive may, during the course of Executives employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property
of the Company and/or its affiliates. To protect the interests of the Company and its affiliates, Executive agrees to execute the Companys
Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition Agreement, (attached hereto as Exhibit
B) applying to the Company and its affiliates, as a condition of Executives employment. During the Term and at all times
thereafter, Executive will not, except to the extent necessary to perform Executives duties hereunder or as required by law, directly
or indirectly, use or disclose to any third person, without the prior written consent of the Company, any Confidential Information
(defined in Exhibit B) of the Company. If it is necessary for Executive to use or disclose Confidential Information so
as to comply with any law, rule, regulations, court order, subpoena or other governmental mandate or investigation, Executive shall give
prompt written notice to the Company of such requirement (to the extent legally permissible), disclose no more information than is so
required, and cooperate with any attempts by the Company to obtain a protective order or similar treatment. In the event that the Company
is bound by a confidentiality agreement or understanding with a customer, vendor, supplier or other party regarding the confidential
information of such customer, vendor, supplier or other party, which is more restrictive than specified above in this Section 9.1, and
of which Executive has notice or is aware, Executive shall adhere to the provisions of such other confidentiality agreement, in addition
to those of this Section 9.1. Executive shall exercise reasonable care to protect all Confidential Information. Executive will immediately
give notice to the Company of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information. Executive hereby represents and warrants
that Executive shall assist the Company in remedying any such unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information.

7

9.2 Exceptions.
Executive has the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to Federal, State, and local government officials, or to an attorney,
for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive also has the right to disclose trade secrets
in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets
that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Further, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit your ability to file
a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (or comparable state agency), the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local government agency or commission, nor are
you prohibited from participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any of the foregoing, including providing
documents or other information, without notice to the Company.

10. No
Breach of Obligations to Prior Employers. Executive represents that this Agreement, agreement(s) concerning stock options granted
to Executive, if any, under the Plan (as defined below), the Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition
Agreement and Executives commencement of employment with the Company will not violate any agreement or duty that Executive has
with any former employer, client or other person.

11. Stock
Options. As an executive of the Company, Executive may be provided stock option grants in the Company as governed by the terms
of the MAIA Biotechnology Stock Option Plan(s) and applicable agreements as may be in effect from time to time.

12. Cooperation.
During the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company, Executive shall make himself
available as reasonably practical to assist and cooperate with the Company in connection with the defense or prosecution of any claim
that may be made against or by the Company, or in connection with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim of any kind
involving the Company, including any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, judicial, legislative, or other body or agency,
including testifying in any proceeding to the extent such claims, investigations or proceedings relate to services performed or required
to be performed by Executive, pertinent knowledge possessed by Executive, or any act or omission by Executive. Executive will also perform
all acts and execute and deliver any documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Section 12. Any such
requests by the Company with respect to the provisions of this Section shall be made with sufficient advance notice and shall be subject
to Executives reasonable availability and other professional and personal commitments. The Company will promptly reimburse Executive
for reasonable expenses Executive incurs in fulfilling Executives obligations under this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Section shall not be applicable to any claim by the Company against Executive or by Executive against the Company.

13. Section
280G. In the event of a change in ownership or control under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), if it shall be determined that any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning
of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment), would constitute an excess parachute payment
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, the aggregate present value of the Payments under the Agreement shall be reduced (but
not below zero) to the Reduced Amount (defined below) if and only if the Accounting Firm (described below) determines that the reduction
will provide the Executive with a greater net after-tax benefit than would no reduction. No reduction shall be made unless the reduction
would provide Executive with a greater net after-tax benefit. The determinations under this Section shall be made as follows:

8

13.1 The
Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of Payments
under this Agreement without causing any Payment under this Agreement to be subject to the Excise Tax (defined below), determined in
accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. The term Excise Tax means the excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax.

13.2 Payments
under this Agreement shall be reduced on a nondiscretionary basis in such a way as to minimize the reduction in the economic value deliverable
to the Executive. Where more than one payment has the same value for this purpose and they are payable at different times, they will
be reduced on a pro rata basis. Only amounts payable under this Agreement shall be reduced pursuant to this Section.

13.3 All
determinations to be made under this Section shall be made by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by the Company
and agreed to by the Executive immediately prior to the change-in-ownership or -control transaction (the Accounting Firm).
The Accounting Firm shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within ten
(10) days of the transaction. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive. All
of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm in performing the determinations referred to in this Section shall be borne solely by
the Company.

14. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

14.1 IRCA
Compliance. This Agreement, and Executives employment with the Company, is conditioned on Executives establishing Executives
identity and authorization to work as required by the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA).

14.2 Section
409A Compliance.

(a) This
Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of Code, and its corresponding regulations, or an exemption thereto, and payments may
only be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. Severance
benefits under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under the short-term deferral exception,
to the maximum extent applicable, and then under the separation pay exception, to the maximum extent applicable. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if required by Section 409A of the Code, if the Executive is considered a specified
employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and if payment of any amounts under this Agreement is required to be delayed
for a period of six (6) months after separation from service pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, payment of such amounts shall be delayed
as required by Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump-sum payment within 10 days after the end
of the six (6)-month period. If the Executive dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of benefits, the amounts withheld
on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of the Executives estate within sixty (60)
days after the date of the Executives death.

9

(b) All
payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service
under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment,
and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments.
In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the fiscal year of a payment. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the timing of the Executives execution of the Release, directly or indirectly, result
in the Executives designating the fiscal year of payment of any amounts of deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the
Code, and if a payment that is subject to execution of the Release could be made in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made
in the later taxable year.

(c) All
reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section
409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement be for expenses incurred during the period
specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a fiscal year
not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other fiscal year, (iii) the reimbursement
of an eligible expense be made no later than the last day of the fiscal year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and
(iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

14.3 Indemnification
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an indemnification agreement with Executive on substantially the same terms as provided to
the other officers and directors of the Company that shall provide for mandatory indemnification to the fullest extent provided by law
and advancement of legal expenses.

14.4 Assignability
and Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and legal representatives of Executive, and shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company, the Company affiliates
and their successors and assigns, but the obligations of Executive are personal services and may not be delegated or assigned. Executive
shall not be entitled to assign, transfer, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Agreement, or any of Executives
rights and obligations hereunder, and any such attempted delegation or disposition shall be null and void and without effect. This Agreement
may be assigned by the Company to a person or entity that is an affiliate or a successor in interest to substantially all of the business
operations of the Company. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations
of such affiliate or successor person or entity.

14.5 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

14.6 Choice
of Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
regard to its conflict-of-law principles, except to the extent that Section 14.7 is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The Parties
agree that any dispute concerning or arising out of this Agreement or Executives employment hereunder (or termination thereof)
that is not subject to the arbitration provisions of Section 14.7, shall be litigated exclusively in an appropriate state or federal
court in Cook County, Illinois and hereby consent, and waive any objection, to the jurisdiction of any such court.

10

14.7 Arbitration.
Pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, Executive and Company specifically, knowingly, and voluntarily agree to use final and binding
arbitration to resolve any dispute between them or any employees or affiliates of Company. This arbitration agreement applies to all
matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other agreement, Executives employment with Company, or the separation
of that employment. Examples of claims subject to this provision, include, without limitation, disputes over alleged breaches of this
Agreement, compensation disputes, and claims of discrimination, harassment or retaliation in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Illinois Human Rights Act, Chicago Human Rights Ordinance, and Cook County Human Rights
Ordinance, or any other federal, state or local law relating to discrimination in employment. Any arbitration pursuant to this Section
14.7 will take place in Cook County, Illinois under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association, in accordance with its Employment
Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the dispute (available from Company and at https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/EmploymentRules_Web_2.pdf),
and before a neutral arbitrator selected in accordance with such rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered
in any state or federal court sitting in or closest to Cook County, Illinois. Each party will pay the fees of their respective attorneys,
the expenses of their witnesses, cost of any record or transcript of the arbitration, and any other expenses connected with the arbitration
that such party would be expected to incur had the dispute been subject to resolution in court. The Company will pay all expenses unique
to the arbitration process to the extent required by law. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award any damages authorized by
law, including an award of costs and attorneys fees. This provision shall not apply to (i) claims for workers compensation
benefits; (ii) claims for unemployment insurance compensation benefits; and (iii) to the extent required by law, administrative claims
or charges that are required to be filed before applicable federal and state administrative agencies (such as the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or comparable state agency, and any unfair labor charge which is to be brought under the National Labor Relations Act). Further,
claims must be brought in each partys individual capacity; the arbitrator shall have no authority to preside over a class, collective
or consolidated proceeding. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO BRING SUCH CLAIMS TO COURT.

14.8 Notices.
All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement or necessary or convenient in connection herewith shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when hand delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, as follows (provided
that notice of change of address shall be deemed given only when received):

If
to the Company, to:

Human
Resources

hr@maiabiotech.com

MAIA
Biotechnology, Inc.

444
West Lake Street, Suite 1700

Chicago,
IL 60606

Tel.:
312-416-8592

11

If
to the Executive, to the most recent address on file with the Company or to such other names or addresses as the Company or the Executive,
as the case may be, shall designate by notice to each other person entitled to receive notices in the manner specified in this Section.

14.9 No
Mitigation or Set-Off. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation
of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement, and such amounts shall not be reduced regardless
of whether the Executive obtains other employment. The Companys obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement
and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any set-off,
counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company may have against the Executive or others.

14.10 Survival
of Terms. All provisions of this Agreement and any agreements incorporated by reference herein that, either expressly or impliedly,
contain obligations that extend beyond termination of Executives employment hereunder, including without limitation, the Employee
Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition Agreement, shall survive the termination of this Agreement
and of Executives employment hereunder for any reason.

14.11 Interpretation.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. The language in all parts of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed according to its fair meaning, and not
strictly for or against any Party. The Parties acknowledge that both of them have participated in drafting this Agreement; therefore,
any general rule of construction that any ambiguity shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this Agreement. In this
Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the masculine, feminine and neuter genders and the singular and the plural include
one another.

14.12 Further
Assurances. The Parties will execute and deliver such further documents and instruments and will take all other actions as may be
reasonably required or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

14.13 Outplacement.
If Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason, the Company will pay for outplacement services by the vendor of
Executives choice for one (1) year.

14.14 Voluntary
and Knowing Execution of Agreement. Executive acknowledges that (i) Executive has had the opportunity to consult an attorney regarding
the terms and conditions of this Agreement before executing it, (ii) Executive fully understands the terms of this Agreement, and (iii)
Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily, knowingly and willingly and without duress.

14.15 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof,
and it supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings and agreements between the Parties
regarding such subject matter. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that such Party is not relying on, and may not rely on, any oral or
written representation of any kind that is not set forth in writing in this Agreement.

14.16 Waivers
and Amendments. This Agreement may be altered, amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and the terms hereof may be waived, only
by a written instrument signed by the Parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party alleged to have waived compliance. Any such signature
of the Company must be by an authorized signatory for the Company. No delay by any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any Party of any such right, power or privilege, nor
any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other such right, power or privilege.

14.17 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart, when executed, shall have the efficacy of a signed original. Photographic
copies, electronically scanned copies and other facsimiles of this Agreement (including such signed counterparts) may be used in lieu
of the originals for any purpose.

[The
remainder of this page is intentionally blank; signature page follows.]

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written.

/s/
Sergei Gryaznov 

SERGEI
GRYAZNOV 

MAIA
BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 

By: /s/
Vlad Vitoc 

Name: Vlad
Vitoc 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

[Signature
page to Employment Agreement.]

13

EXHIBIT
A

RELEASE
AGREEMENT

SEPARATION
AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

This
SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE (Agreement) is made as of the Effective Date (as defined below) by and between
MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (Company) and Sergei Gryaznov (Executive) based on the following terms:

WHEREAS,
Executive and Company mutually desire to terminate their employment relationship.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth in the Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1. Separation
from employment. Executive will terminate employment with Company effective [DATE] (Separation
Date). Within one week of this date, Executive agrees to return to Company any
and all Company property acquired during the term of employment.

2. Consideration
for signing. In consideration for Executive signing this Agreement, complying with his
transition obligations, and contingent on Executive not revoking this Agreement as provided
below, Executive shall receive the following (collectively, the Separation Benefits):

a. Payment
of severance benefits per 7.2 of the Executive Employment Agreement dated February 01, 2025.

b. If
Executive timely elects to continue his group health insurance coverage through COBRA, the
Company will for (x) months from the date Executive is eligible to participate in COBRA,
pay Executives COBRA premiums on Executives behalf (at the level of Executives
elected coverage existing today), i.e., from [DATE-DATE]. Thereafter, on [DATE], Executive
will be responsible for the remaining COBRA premiums.

c. Notwithstanding
Executives Separation Date, Executive shall remain eligible to any vested amounts
for which Executive is eligible up to and including [DATE] per the [Insert Name of Relevant
Agreement(s)], based on the same conditions and terms as provided in the [Insert Name of
Relevant Agreement (s)].

3. Compliance
with Executive Employment Agreement. Executive agrees to abide by all terms and conditions
set forth in the Executive Employment Agreement with Company dated February 01, 2025 and
the Employee Invention Assignment, Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Compete Agreement
dated February 01, 2025.

4. No
additional benefits. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the individual shall receive
no benefits additional to those set forth above. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the
Company has paid the Executive all salary, wages, overtime, bonuses, commissions, and other
compensation due to the Executive, if any, and has paid Executive for all accrued benefits
(including but not limited to vacation and paid time off), if any, to which the Executive
may be entitled. Once all of the payments referred to in Paragraph 2 have been made, Executive
shall have been paid all compensation due and owing to the Executive under this Agreement,
under any employment or other contract the Executive has or may have had with the Company,
under any separation or severance policy, under any commission and/or sales plans, or from
any other source of entitlement, including all salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation, paid
leave, severance pay or other benefits. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that
the Separation Benefits are consideration for the Executives promises in this Agreement,
and that such consideration is above and beyond any wages, salary, bonuses, commissions,
severance, or other sums to which the Executive is entitled from the Company under the terms
of employment or under any policy, contract, or law.

14

5. Release
of claims. Executive stipulates, agrees, and understands that in consideration of the
payments set forth in Paragraph 2 above, that being good and valuable consideration, Executive
hereby acting of his own free will, voluntarily and on behalf of himself, his heirs, administrators,
executors, successors and assigns, releases Company and its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors,
officers, Executives, and agents, and each of them (Releasees), from
any and all complaints, claims, demands, damages, lawsuits, actions, and causes of action,
whether known, unknown or unforeseen, arising out of or in connection with any event, transaction
or matter occurring or existing prior to or at the time of the Executives execution
of this Agreement, which the Executive has or may have against any of them for any reason
whatsoever in law or in equity, under federal, state, local, or other law, whether the same
be upon statutory claim, contract, tort or other basis, including without limitation: (i)
any and all claims arising from or relating to the Executives employment or termination
of employment; (ii) any and all claims relating to any oral or written employment contract
or oral or written policy of the Company; (iii) any and all claims arising out of federal,
state, or local employment laws including, but not limited to, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA) (as amended), Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the Civil Rights Act of 1866 (as amended),
Illinois Human Rights Act, Cook County Human Rights Ordinance, Chicago Human Rights Ordinance,
the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (as amended), the Family
and Medical Leave Act (as amended), the Executive Retirement Income Security Act (as amended),
the Equal Pay Act (as amended), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as amended), the Fair Labor Standards
Act (as amended), the National Labor Relations Act (as amended), the Fair Credit Reporting
Act (as amended), the Occupational Safety and Health Act (as amended), the Families First
Coronavirus Response Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act (as amended), the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (as amended); all applicable state and local laws;
and (iv) any and all tort claims, claims for attorneys fees, or other claims which
might have been asserted by the Executive or on the Executives behalf in any grievance,
suit, charge, cause of action, or claim (the Released Matters). In addition
to the above, the Released Matters include, but are not limited to, claims for employment
discrimination, wrongful termination, constructive termination, violation of public policy,
retaliation, breach of any express or implied contract, breach of any implied covenant, detrimental
reliance, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, intentional or negligent misrepresentation, emotional
distress, slander, invasion of privacy, compensatory and/or punitive damages. All of the
above referenced statutes include any amendments.

a. By
virtue of this Agreement, Executive agrees that Executive has waived any damages and other
relief available to Executive (including, without limitation, money damages, equitable relief
and reinstatement) under the claims waived in this Paragraph 5. Executive represents and
warrants that Executive has not previously filed or joined in any such claims against the
persons or entities released in this Paragraph 5. Nothing herein, however, shall constitute
a waiver of claims arising after the date Executive signs this Agreement, or to any vested
or accrued benefits earned under an Executive benefit plan maintained by Company and governed
by the Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or any claim that cannot be waived
by law. Additionally, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from responding
truthfully to a valid subpoena or a request by a governmental agency in connection with any
investigation it is conducting. Finally, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
prohibit Executive from filing a charge with, providing information to, or participating
in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the United States Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC) or a comparable state or local government agency,
although Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has waived the right to recover
monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else
on Executives behalf or otherwise. The above provision is inapplicable and/or void
with respect to claims that cannot be waived as a matter of law in certain local or state
jurisdictions or under federal law.

15

b. If
part or all of this Section is rendered void, illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the rest of this Section and the other terms of the Agreement shall remain
valid and shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible. If a court should determine that
any provision of this Agreement is overbroad or unreasonable, such provision shall be given
effect to the maximum extent possible by narrowing or enforcing in part that aspect of the
provision.

c. Nothing
in this Agreement or release prevents Executive (or Executives attorney) from filing
a charge, testifying, assisting or participating in any manner in an investigation, hearing
or proceeding, responding to any inquiry, or otherwise communicating with any governmental,
administrative, or regulatory (including any self-regulatory) agency or authority, including,
but not limited to, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the National Labor
Relations Board (NLRB), the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the US Department of Justice (DOJ), the US Congress,
or any agency Inspector General. By accepting this Agreement, however, to the extent any
lawsuits, arbitrations, claims, charges, or complaints are filed against the Releasees in
any administrative, judicial, arbitral or other forum including any charges or complaints
with any international, federal, state, or local agency by Executive or any third party or
otherwise, Executive expressly waives any right to collect any monies or other damages, or
any other form of recovery or relief, as a result of such charges or in connection with any
such proceeding, provided that nothing herein limits or restricts Executives ability
to receive compensation pursuant to SEC or CFTC whistleblower programs, if applicable, or
any other program that by law precludes waiver of monetary recovery.

6. Representation
of No Existing Litigations or Factual or Legal Basis for Any Legitimate Claim. Executive
represents, warrants and agrees that Executive has not filed, or caused to be filed, any
lawsuits or arbitrations against Company or any of the Releasees in any administrative, judicial,
arbitral or other forum. Executive is not aware of any factual or legal basis for any legitimate
claim that Company is in violation of any whistleblower, corporate compliance, or other regulatory
obligation of Company under international, federal, state or local law, rule or Company policy.

7. Period
of Review and Right to Revoke. Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that, (i)
Executive will have twenty-one (21) days1 from the receipt of this Agreement
in which to consider its terms (including, without limitation, Executives release
and waiver of any and all claims under the ADEA) before executing it; (ii) changes to the
terms of this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart this twenty-one
(21) day period2; and (iii) Executive will have seven (7) days after Executives
execution of this Agreement in which to revoke Executives acceptance of this Agreement,
in which event a written notice of such revocation must be received by [NAME], on or before
the seventh (7th) day. This Agreement will become effective and enforceable on
the eighth (8th) day after Executives execution of this Agreement pursuant
to the terms of this Section (the Effective Date), provided (A) Executive
has executed and delivered this Agreement to [NAME] after the Separation Date and on or before
the date that is twenty-one days following Executives receipt of this Agreement from
the Company (i.e., [DATE]) and (B) Executive has not previously revoked this Agreement
pursuant to the above terms.

1 If
group termination, 45 days/if individual termination, 21 days.

2 If group termination, 45 days/if individual termination,
21 days.

16

8. Proprietary
and/or Confidential Information. The Executive shall not disclose or use for any reason
any sensitive, proprietary or confidential information or data relating to the Company or
any of its affiliated entities, including without limitation trade secrets, customer lists,
customer contacts, customer relationships, financial data, long range or short range plans,
and other data and information of a competitive or sensitive nature, or any confidential
or proprietary information of others licensed to the Company, that the Executive acquired
while an Executive of the Company. In addition to the foregoing and notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the promises
made in any Non-Disclosure Agreement or similar agreement containing post-employment obligations
(including but not limited to the post-employment obligations contained as part of [Insert
Name of Relevant Agreement(s)] whose terms and conditions shall be incorporated herein) between
the Executive and the Company remain binding on the Executive and continue in full force
and effect according to their terms regardless of whether Executive signs this Agreement.

a. Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable
under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that(A)
is made(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or
investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document
filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Additionally,
an individual suing an Company for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation
of law may disclose a trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under
seal and the individual does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order.
Accordingly, Executive has the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to Federal,
State, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting
or investigating a suspected violation of law, and also have the right to disclose trade
secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made
under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to
conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets
that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b).

b. Section
7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) provides that: [e]mployees
shall have the right to self-organization, to form, join, or assist labor organizations,
to bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing, and to engage in other
concerted activities for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection
Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere or be construed to interfere with any right which
may be conferred to Executive under Section 7 of the NLRA, including the right to engage
in Executive communications regarding wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of employment
in any forum, including in the workplace or online, for mutual aid or protection.

c. Nothing
in this Agreement shall prohibit Executive from (i) discussing, disclosing or reporting any
allegations of unlawful conduct, including alleged criminal conduct or unlawful discrimination,
harassment, or retaliation, or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is
unlawful including, for avoidance of doubt, reporting such information to any Government
Agencies; (ii) testifying in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning
alleged criminal conduct or alleged discrimination, harassment, or retaliation by Company
or its agents or Executives when required or requested by a court order, subpoena, or written
request from an administrative agency or the legislature; (iii) making truthful statements
or disclosures about alleged unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation.

17

9. Non-Disparagement.
The Parties agrees to refrain from taking action or making statements, written or oral, which
disparage or defame the goodwill or reputation of the other party and/or, as applicable,
its affiliated entities, its business, products, services, officers, directors, Executives,
and/or agents, except: (a) if testifying truthfully under oath pursuant to any lawful court
order or subpoena, (b) otherwise responding to or providing disclosures required by law,
or (c) in connection with any governmental administrative or regulatory proceeding, as required
by law. The obligations in this Paragraph 9 apply to any statement to or response to an inquiry
by any member of the press or media, whether written, verbal, electronic, or otherwise. The
Company agrees to provide a neutral reference which shall include only dates of employment
and last position held. This Paragraph 9 is subject to Subparagraphs 8(a) through (c), above.

10. Non-Disclosure
of this Agreement. Parties agrees that from and after the date of receipt of this Agreement,
the Parties will not, directly or indirectly, provide to any person or entity any information
that concerns or relates to the negotiation of or circumstances leading to the execution
of this Agreement or to the terms and conditions hereof, except: (i) to the extent that such
disclosure is specifically required by law or legal process or as authorized in writing by
the Company; (ii) to the Partys attorneys or tax advisors as may be necessary for
the preparation of tax returns or other reports required by law; (iii) to the Partys
immediate family; or (iv) for purposes of secreting enforcement of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, should that ever be necessary. The Parties agree that prior to disclosing
such information, the Parties will inform the recipient(s) that they are bound by the limitations
of this section and the confidential nature of this Agreement, and subsequent disclosure
of such information by any such recipients shall be deemed to be a disclosure by the Parties
in breach of this Agreement.

11. [Required
Disclosures. The Older Workers Benefit Protection Act is a federal law requiring that
certain information be provided to Executives who are age 40 or older and are part of an
exit incentive or other employment termination program. By signing this Agreement, Executive
acknowledges that Executive has been provided with the required information in Exhibit 1,
attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, including the class, unit, or group
of individuals eligible for benefits, the eligibility factors to receive the benefits, the
job titles and ages of all individuals who are eligible for the benefits, the ages of any
Executives in the same job classification or organizational unit who are not eligible for
benefits, and applicable time limits, all of which are set forth in Exhibit 1.]3

12. Compliance
with Taxing Authorities. Company may deduct or withhold from any compensation or benefits
any applicable federal, state or local tax or employment withholdings or deductions resulting
from any payments or benefits provided under this Agreement. In addition, it is Companys
intention that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any payments
or benefits under this Agreement. Executive remains responsible for Executives share
of any and all tax obligations or other obligations under federal and/or state law pertaining
to the receipt of any Separation Benefits, and Executive hereby agree to indemnify, defend,
and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates from any and all liability relating to such
obligations.

3 Only to be included if separation is part of an exit incentive or other employment
termination program.

18

13. Severability
and Governing Law. Should any of the provisions of this Agreement be declared or be determined
to be illegal or invalid, all remaining parts, terms or provisions shall be valid, and the
illegal or invalid part, term or provisions shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of Illinois (excluding the choice of law rules thereof). Aside from any breaches arising
from Executives breach of confidentiality and trade secret obligations, should any
dispute arise from this Agreement, Executive and Company agree to first attempt to resolve
the dispute via non-binding mediation in Cook County, Illinois at the expense of the Company
and Executive equally, prior to initiating suit. Any action to enforce the terms of this
Agreement shall be commenced in Cook County, in the City of Chicago, State of Illinois. Both
parties consent to personal jurisdiction in federal and state courts in Chicago, Illinois.
And, Executive hereby agrees to waive Executives right to a jury trial in connection
with any claim Executive may have against Company. The language of all parts of this Agreement
shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly
for or against either Executive or Company.

14. Cooperation.
Executive agrees to cooperate for one year with any reasonable expenses borne by Company
with the Company and/or its affiliated entities and its or their respective counsel in connection
with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim of any kind involving Company,
including meeting with Companys counsel, any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative,
judicial, legislative, or other body or agency, including testifying in any proceeding to
the extent such claims, investigations or proceedings relate to services performed or required
to be performed by Executive, pertinent knowledge possessed by Executive, or any act or omission
by Executive. Executive further agrees to perform all acts and execute and deliver any documents
that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Section. For avoidance
of doubt, all of Executives travel related to this provision shall be at the Companys
expense.

15. Assignment.
This Agreement and the Executives rights and obligations under this Agreement may
not be assigned by the Executive without the prior written consent of the Company. The Company
may assign, with or without the Executives consent, this Agreement and its rights
and obligations under the Agreement to any entity affiliated with it or to any successor
entity.

16. Voluntary
and Knowing Execution of Agreement. Executive acknowledges that (i) Executive has been
advised by the Company to consult an attorney regarding any potential claims as well as the
terms and conditions of this Agreement before executing it; (ii) Executive fully understands
the terms of this Agreement including, without limitation, the significance and consequences
of the General Release in Paragraph 5 above, including that it contains a release of age
discrimination claims; (iii) Executive is executing this Agreement in exchange for consideration
to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, and (iv) Executive is executing this
Agreement voluntarily, knowingly and willingly and without duress.

[The
remainder of this page is intentionally blank; signature page follows.]

19

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Executive have executed this Agreement as of the date written below.

SERGEI
GRYAZNOV MAIA
BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 

Name Name
/ Title

Signature Signature

Date Date

20

EXHIBIT
1 4

DISCLOSURE
INFORMATION PROVIDED

PURSUANT
TO THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT

Eligibility
Factors And Time Limitations

Employer,
MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. (Company) is reducing and consolidating operations in its [INSERT DEPARTMENT(S)] departments,
and as a result is eliminating certain positions within those departments. All employees in the [INSERT DEPARTMENT(S)] located in the
[INSERT BUSINESS UNIT] comprise the decisional unit that the Company considered for eliminating jobs. All employees whose employment
is being terminated on or about [INSERT TERMINATION DATE] as a result of the reduction and consolidation of operations are selected for
the job elimination program and are being offered severance and certain other benefits in exchange for their execution of (and subject
to) the attached Separation Agreement and General Release (Agreement), in accordance with Companys separation
of employment policy. Employees were selected for job elimination based on one or more of the following factors business need, economic
conditions, redundancy of positions, performance, or business consolidation.

As
referenced in Paragraph 7 of the foregoing Agreement, you have at least forty-five (45) days to consider, execute, and deliver the Agreement
to [INSERT ADDRESS AND ATTN INFO FOR DESIGNATED DEPARTMENT AND EMPLOYEE]. You may voluntarily choose to execute the Agreement before
the end of the 45-day period. You have seven (7) days following your execution of the Agreement to revoke it in writing, and for a revocation
to be effective, notice must be received by [INSERT ADDRESS AND ATTN INFO FOR DESIGNATED DEPARTMENT AND EMPLOYEE], no later than 11:59
p.m. on the seventh calendar day after the date by which you signed the Agreement. The Agreement will become effective on the eighth
(8th) day after the employee signs it provided the employee does not revoke the Agreement during the revocation period.

The
following chart shows the job titles and ages of all employees who are within the decisional unit covered by the Program and who were
eligible for employment termination in connection with the Program. The first two columns in the chart list the departments and various
job titles of such employees. The third column in the chart lists their ages calculated as of [INSERT DATE]. The fourth and fifth columns
in the chart indicate whether each employee is or is not being terminated pursuant to the Program. Selected means that
the employee is being terminated:

DEPARTMENT

JOB TITLE

AGE

(AS OF _____, 202__

NUMBER SELECTED

NUMBER NOT SELECTED

4
Only needed if it is a group termination of employees over 40 in the agreements for any employees that are 40 or older in the group.

21

EXHIBIT
B

EMPLOYEE
INVENTION ASSIGNMENT, CONFIDENTIALITY,

NON-SOLICITATION,
AND NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT

In
consideration of my employment or continued employment by MAIA Biotechnology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
along with professional benefits provided to me by the Company, I hereby represent and agree as follows:

1. By
virtue of my position, I understand that I will have and/or have had access to Confidential Information (as defined below) regarding
the Companys customers, suppliers, business plans, software, intellectual property, processes and methods, development tools,
scientific, technical and/or business innovations, and other information.

2. Definitions.
The following definitions apply to this Agreement:

a. Company
Interest means any business of the Company and its affiliates involving drugs
for the treatment of cancer indication for which company owned assets are being actively
developed by the Company.

b. Intellectual
Property Rights means any and all intellectual property rights and other similar
proprietary rights in any jurisdiction, whether registered or unregistered, and whether owned
or held for use under license with any third party, including all rights and interests pertaining
to or deriving from: (a) patents and patent applications, reexaminations, extensions and
counterparts claiming property therefrom; inventions, invention disclosures, discoveries
and improvements, whether or not patentable; (b) computer software and firmware, including
data files, source code, object code and software-related specifications and documentation;
(c) works of authorship, whether or not copyrightable; (d) trade secrets (including those
trade secrets defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act and under corresponding statutory
law and common law), business, technical and know-how information, non-public information,
and confidential information and rights to limit the use of disclosure thereof by any person;
(e) trademarks, trade names, service marks, certification marks, service names, brands, trade
dress and logos and the goodwill associated therewith; (f) proprietary databases and data
compilations and all documentation relating to the foregoing, including manuals, memoranda
and record; (g) domain names; and (h) licenses of any of the foregoing; including in each
case any registrations of, applications to register, and renewals and extensions of, any
of the foregoing with or by any governmental authority in any jurisdiction.

22

c. Invention
means any products, process, ideas, improvements, discoveries, inventions, designs, algorithms,
financial models, writings, works of authorship, content, graphics, data, software, specifications,
instructions, text, images, photographs, illustration, audio clips, trade secrets and other
works, material and information, tangible or intangible, whether or not it may be patented,
copyrighted or otherwise protected (including all versions, modifications, enhancements and
derivative work thereof).

d. Confidential
Information means confidential, secret or other non-public or proprietary information
of or about the Company and its affiliates, their respective products, licensors, suppliers
or customers and shall include, without limitation, information regarding: Inventions, methodologies,
processes, tools, computer programs and documentation, manufacturing and application information,
business strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, customer lists
or other customer information, trade secrets, new product developments, market information
and advertising, business and marketing plans relating to the Company and its affiliates
and any other non-public information, whether in writing or given to me orally, which I know
or have reason to know the Company would like to treat as confidential for any purpose, such
as maintaining a competitive advantage or avoiding undesirable publicity.

3. Works
for Hire. I acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope
of my employment and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, pursuant to United States Copyright Act
(17 U.S.C., Section 101).

4. Assignment
of Intellectual Property Rights. In consideration of my employment and/or continued employment, I agree to be bound by this Section
4.

23

a. General.
Subject to the limitations set forth in Exhibit 2 attached hereto of which I acknowledge that I read and understand, I agree to
assign, and hereby do assign, to the Company all of my rights in any Inventions (as defined above) (including all Intellectual Property
Rights, as defined above) that are made, conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part and whether alone or with others, by me
during my employment by, or service with, the Company or any of its affiliates or which arise out of any activity conducted by, for or
under the direction of the Company or any of its affiliates (whether or not conducted at the Companys or any of its affiliates
facilities, working hours or using any of the Companys or its affiliates assets), or which are useful with, or relate directly
or indirectly to, any Company Interest (as defined above). I will promptly and fully disclose and provide all of the Inventions described
above (the Assigned Inventions) to the Company.

b. Assurances.
I hereby agree during the duration of my employment by, or service with, the Company and thereafter to further assist the Company, at
the Companys expense, to evidence, record and perfect the Companys rights in and ownership of the Assigned Inventions,
to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce and defend any rights specified to be so owned or assigned and to provide and execute all documentation
necessary to effect the foregoing.

c. Other
Inventions. I agree to not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Invention conceived, created, developed or reduced to practice
by me (alone or with others) prior to or independently of my employment by, or service with, the Company or its affiliates (collectively,
Prior Inventions) in any work I perform for the Company or its affiliates, without the Companys prior written
consent. My Prior Inventions are listed in Exhibit 1 attached hereto.

d. Moral
Rights. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the terms of this Section 4 shall include all right of paternity, integrity, disclosure
and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as moral right, artists rights, droit moral or the like
(collectively, Moral Rights). To the extent I retain any such Moral Rights under applicable law, I hereby ratify
and consent to any action that may be taken with respect to such Moral Rights by, or authorized by, the Company and agree not to assert
any Moral Rights with respect thereto. I will confirm any such ratification, consent or agreement from time to time as requested by the
Company.

5. Publicity.
I consent to any and all uses and displays by the Company of my name, voice, likeness, image, appearance and biographical information
in or in connection with any pictures, photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs, and other
advertising and/or printed and electronic forms and media (Permitted Use). I hereby release the Company from any
and all claims, actions, damages, costs, and liability of any kind in connection with any Permitted Use.

24

6. Protection
of Confidential Information of the Company. I understand that my work as an employee of the Company creates a relationship of trust
and confidence between myself and the Company. During and after the period of my employment with the Company and its affiliates, I will
not use or disclose or allow anyone else to use or disclose any Confidential Information except as may be necessary in the performance
of my work for the Company and its affiliates or as may be authorized in advance by appropriate officers of the Company. Except as set
forth herein, I will keep all Confidential Information secret and will not allow any unauthorized use of the same, whether or not any
document containing it is marked as confidential. In addition, if I am requested or required (by oral questions, interrogatories, requests
for information, subpoena, civil investigative demand, or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, it is agreed that
I will provide the Company with prompt written notice of such request(s) so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order.
If, failing the entry of a protective order, I am, in the opinion of my counsel, compelled to disclose any Confidential Information under
pain of liability for contempt or other censure or penalty, I may disclose only that portion of such Confidential Information as is legally
required without liability hereunder; provided, that I agree to exercise my reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded such Confidential Information. Upon termination of my employment with the Company and its affiliates, I will
promptly deliver to the Company all documents and materials of any nature pertaining to my employment with the Company and I will not
take with me any documents or materials or copies thereof containing any Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I am
hereby notified that federal law provides for immunity from liability for the confidential disclosure of a trade secret as defined by
federal law that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an
attorney if that disclosure is made solely for t d e purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) in a
complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

7. Non-Solicitation.
I understand that my work as an employee of the Company creates a relationship of trust and confidence between myself and the Company.
During my employment with the Company and its affiliates and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, I will not request or otherwise
attempt to induce or influence, directly or indirectly, any present customer, licensor or supplier, or prospective customer, licensor
or supplier, of the Company or other persons sharing a business relationship with the Company to cancel, to limit, divert, reduce or
postpone their business with the Company, or otherwise take any action which might be to the disadvantage of the Company. During my employment
with the Company and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, I will not hire or solicit for employment, directly or indirectly, or induce
or actively attempt to influence, any agent, consultant or Employee of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, as such capitalized
terms are defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to terminate his or her employment or discontinue such persons consultant,
contractor or other business association with the Company.

25

8. Non-Compete.
During my employment with the Company and its affiliates and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, I will not directly or indirectly,
for myself, or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity (except the Company or any of its affiliates),whether
as principal, agent, debtor, executive, consultant, joint venturer, investor, employee, stockholder, partner, officer, member, manager,
director, sole proprietor or in any other capacity, engage in, manage, own, operate, control, participate in the ownership, management,
operation or control of or assist in any person or entity, whose business activities involve (i) development, registration, sale or marketing
of telomere targeting agents or drugs. This provision may be modified or waived by written consent of the Compensation Committee of the
MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. Board of Directors.

9. Mutual
Non-Disparagement. I agree that I will not make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity in any public form any defamatory
or disparaging comments, or statements concerning the Company or its business, employees, customers or affiliates. I understand this
provision is not meant to restrict my rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. Company agrees that it will not make,
publish, or communicate to any person or entity in any public form any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning
you.

10. Reasonableness
of Restrictions. I agree that I have read this entire Agreement and understand it. I agree that this Agreement does not prevent me
from earning a living or pursuing my career. I agree that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable, proper, and necessitated
by the Companys legitimate business interests. I represent and agree that I am entering into this Agreement freely and with knowledge
of its contents with the intent to be bound by the Agreement and the restrictions contained in it.

11. Modification.
In the event that a court finds this Agreement, or any of its restrictions, to be ambiguous, unenforceable, or invalid, I and the Company
agree that this Agreement will be automatically modified to provide the Company with the maximum protection of its business interests
allowed by law and I agree to be bound by this Agreement as modified. 

12. Other
Agreements. I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and my duties as an employee of the Company will not
breach any invention assignment agreement, confidential information agreement, non-competition agreement or other agreement with any
former employer or any other party. I represent that I have not and will not bring with me to the Company or use in the performance of
my duties for the Company or its affiliates any documents or materials of a former employer that are not generally available to the public.

26

13. Disclosure
of this Agreement. I do not hereby authorize the Company to notify others, including but not limited to customers of the Company
and any of my future employers, of the terms of this Agreement and my responsibilities hereunder.

14. Injunctive
Relief. I understand that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by me, the Company may suffer irreparable
harm and monetary damages alone would not adequately compensate the Company. The Company will therefore be entitled to injunctive relief
to enforce this Agreement in addition to any other remedies which the Company may be entitled to at law or hereunder, and such relief
may be granted without the necessity of the Company showing any actual damage or irreparable harm, proving the inadequacy of its legal
remedies, or posting any bond or other security proving actual monetary damages. I agree that if there is a question as to the enforceability
of any of the provisions of this Agreement, I will not engage in any conduct inconsistent with or contrary to this Agreement until after
the question has been resolved by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, while the duration of my covenants
described in Sections 6, 7 and 8 above will be determined generally in accordance with the terms of those respective Sections, if I violate
any of those covenants, I agree to extend it on the same terms and conditions for an additional period of time equal to the time that
elapses from my violation to the later of (i) when the violation stops or (ii) the final resolution of any litigation stemming from such
violation. In addition, in the event of any such breach, or any attempted or threatened breach, Employee agrees that the Company shall
be entitled to recovery of the legal costs incurred, including reasonable attorneys fees, in any such action or suit. Nothing
herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Company from obtaining any other remedy or combination of remedies as the Company
may elect to invoke. The failure of the Company to promptly institute legal action upon any breach of this Agreement will not constitute
a waiver of that or any other breach of this Agreement. The venue for any Court suit will be a state or federal court sitting in Chicago,
Illinois.

15. Enforcement
and Severability. I acknowledge that each of the provisions in this Agreement are separate and independent covenants. I agree that
if any court shall determine that any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable with respect to its term or scope such provision shall
nonetheless be enforceable by any such court upon such modified term or scope as may be determined by such court to be reasonable and
enforceable. The remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected by the unenforceability or court ordered modification of a specific
provision.

27

16. At-Will
Employment. I understand and agree that this Agreement does not constitute or create a contract of employment, whether express or
implied, between the Company and me. I am at all times an at-will employee of the Company, which means that either the Company or I may
terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without cause. Nothing in this Agreement
promises employment for any specific duration or period of time. I acknowledge that the obligations of this Agreement survive the separation
of my employment (regardless of which party initiated it), to the extent permitted by governing law.

17. Survival.
The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment, regardless of the reason, and the assignment of this
Agreement by the Company to any successor in interest or other assignee.

18. Governing
Law; Venue. The laws of the State of Illinois shall govern the interpretation, validity and performance of the terms of this Agreement,
regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of law. Any dispute arising under or with respect to this Agreement
shall be brought and heard exclusively in mandatory binding arbitration pursuant to Section 14.7 of the Employment Agreement

19. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement is for my benefit and the benefit of the Company, its successors, assigns, parent corporations, subsidiaries,
affiliates, and purchasers, and will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives.

20. Superseding
Agreement. I understand and agree that this Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to subject matter
hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter

21. Waiver.
No waiver by the Company of any breach of this Agreement shall be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by the Company
of any right under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other right. The Company shall not be required to give notice
to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement.

28

22. Acknowledgments.
I acknowledge that I have read this agreement, was given the opportunity to ask questions and sufficient time to consult an attorney
and I have either consulted an attorney or affirmatively decided not to consult an attorney. I understand that my obligations under this
Agreement survive the termination of my employment with the Company. I UNDERSTAND THAT I AM AN EMPLOYEE-AT-WILL WITH THE COMPANY, MEANING
THAT EITHER I AM OR THE COMPANY IS COMPLETELY FREE TO TERMINATE OUR EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO
REASON, WITHOUT INCURRING ANY OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER OTHER THAN AS MAY BE SET FORTH IN A SIGNED WRITING BETWEEN
THE COMPANY AND ME. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE HAD A FULL OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT AND CONSULT WITH COUNSEL OF MY
CHOICE IF I SO CHOOSE REGARDING ITS TERMS, AND THAT I AM FREELY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT WITH A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF ITS EFFECTS. I ACKNOWLEDGE
AND UNDERSTAND THAT PURSUANT TO ILLINOIS LAW, I HAVE AT LEAST 14 CALENDAR DAYS TO REVIEW THE RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS IN THIS AGREEMENT,
AND CAN VOLUNTARILY SIGN BEFORE THE 14 DAYS EXPIRE. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL PRIOR OR CONTEMPORANEOUS
REPRESENTATIONS OR AGREEMENTS, WHETHER ORAL, WRITTEN, OR IMPLIED, AND MAY NOT BE MODIFIED IN ANY WAY EXCEPT BY A SIGNED WRITING WHICH
SPECIFICALLY REFERS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND IS SIGNED BY AN OFFICER OR OTHER DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 1st of February, 2025.

SERGEI
GRYAZNOV 

MAIA
BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

29

EXHIBIT
1

LIST
OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP

30

EXHIBIT
2

Invention
Assignment Exclusion Notice

THIS
IS TO NOTIFY THE EMPLOYEE in accordance with 765 ILCS 1060/2 that the foregoing Agreement between the Employee and the Company does not
require the Employee to assign or offer to assign to the Company any invention that the Employee developed entirely on the Employees
own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information unless:

1.
THE INVENTION RELATES TO THE COMPANYS BUSINESS OR THE COMPANYS ACTUAL OR DEMONSTRABLY ANTICIPATED RESEARCH OR DEVELOPMENT;
OR

2.
THE INVENTION RESULTS FROM ANY WORK PERFORMED BY THE EMPLOYEE FOR THE COMPANY.

To
the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require the Employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the
preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

I
ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT of a copy of this notification.

Signature 

Printed
Name 

Dated: 

31
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>maia-20250201.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>maia-20250201_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>maia-20250201_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41455

Entity Registrant Name MAIA
Biotechnology, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001878313

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1495913

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 444
West Lake Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1700

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60606

City Area Code (312)

Local Phone Number 416-8592

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol MAIA

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://maiabiotech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
maia-20250201.xsd 
maia-20250201_lab.xml 
maia-20250201_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005205-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001878313 

2025-02-01 
2025-02-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001878313 
8-K 
2025-02-01 
MAIA Biotechnology, Inc. 
DE 
001-41455 
83-1495913 
444 West Lake Street 
Suite 1700 
Chicago 
IL 
60606 
(312) 
416-8592 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
MAIA 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>