<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-006329.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-006329.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127161620
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-006329
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cadre Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001860543
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				383873146
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40698
		FILM NUMBER:		25559228

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13386 INTERNATIONAL PKWY
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32218
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(904) 741-5400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13386 INTERNATIONAL PKWY
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254519d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186054300018605432025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United States

Securities and Exchange Commission

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 24, 2025

CADRE
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-40698 38-3873146

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

13386
International Pkwy 

Jacksonville,
Florida 32218

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (904) 741-5400

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which 

registered

Common
Stock, par value $.0001 CDRE New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

x Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Employment Agreement with Brad Williams

On January 24, 2025, Cadre Holdings, Inc.
(the Company) and Mr. Brad Williams entered into an Employment Agreement (the Williams Employment Agreement),
which provides for Mr. Williams continued employment as President of the Company, for a term commencing effective as of January 24,
2025 (the Commencement Date) and terminating on the third anniversary of the Commencement Date, subject to earlier termination
as provided therein. Mr. Williams is entitled to an annual base salary of $625,000, as more particularly provided in the Williams
Employment Agreement.

In addition to any other bonuses that the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board) or the Compensation Committee of the Board may award to Mr. Williams in their sole discretion,
Mr. Williams is entitled to receive annual performance bonuses, which may be based upon a variety of qualitative and quantitative
factors, of up to 150% of Mr. Williams annual base salary. Mr. Williams will also be entitled, at the sole and absolute
discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee, to participate in incentive plans of the Company, including but not limited to
the Companys 2021 Incentive Plan or such other stock incentive plan as the Company may have in effect from time to time. Such participation
and awards shall be based upon, among other things, Mr. Williams performance and the Companys performance, all as determined
by the Compensation Committee of the Board, of up to 150% of the Base Compensation, which will be payable 50% in the form of stock options
and 50% in the form of a restricted stock award.

The Williams Employment Agreement also contains
confidentiality obligations as well as a non- competition covenant and non-interference (relating to the Companys customers), non-solicitation
(relating to the Companys employees) and non-disparagement provisions effective during the term of his employment and for a period
of two years after the termination of his employment with the Company.

In the event that Mr. Williams employment
is terminated as a result of his death or disability, Mr. Williams or his estate will, subject to the provisions of the Williams
Employment Agreement, be generally entitled to receive his accrued base salary through the date of such termination and earned but unpaid
annual incentive bonus prorated for the portion of the year in which such termination occurred and all granted but unvested stock options
and all unvested restricted stock (and only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved, including the restricted stock
grant awarded pursuant to Section 3(e) of the Employment Agreement dated as of July 9, 2021, by and between the Company
and Mr. Williams (the 2021 Williams Restricted Stock Award) shall immediately vest. In the event that Mr. Williams
employment is terminated by the Company for cause (as defined in the Williams Employment
Agreement), Mr. Williams will, subject to the provisions of the Williams Employment Agreement, be entitled to receive his accrued
base salary through the date of such termination. In addition, all stock options, whether vested or unvested, and granted but unvested
restricted stock will be null and void except that, in the event that Mr. Williams is terminated as a result of his failure to perform
any reasonable directive of the Board, he will be entitled to retain any vested stock options, but subject to the terms of the respective
plan and award agreement under which they were awarded.

In the event that Mr. Williams employment
is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined in the Williams Employment Agreement),
Mr. Williams will, subject to the provisions of the Williams Employment Agreement, be entitled to receive an amount equal to one
year of his base salary and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by Mr. Williams during such one-year period, in each
case payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, provided that Mr. Williams executes a separation agreement
and general release agreement that is satisfactory to the Company. In addition, all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested
restricted stock (but not including the 2021 Williams Restricted Stock Award) will immediately vest.

In the event that Mr. Williams employment
is terminated by Mr. Williams other than as a result of a change in control (as defined
in the Williams Employment Agreement), Mr. Williams will, subject to the provisions of the Williams Employment Agreement, generally
be entitled to receive his accrued base salary and benefits through the date of such termination. In addition, all granted but unvested
stock options and all unvested restricted stock will be null and void.

In the event that Mr. Williams employment
is terminated by either party within 30 days of a change in control, Mr. Williams will, subject to the provisions
of the Williams Employment Agreement, generally be entitled to receive an amount equal to one year of his base salary payable in one lump
sum within five business days after such termination and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by Mr. Williams during
such one-year period; provided that Mr. Williams executes a separation agreement and general release agreement that is satisfactory
to the Company, and provided further that, in the event the Company or the acquiror requests Mr. Williams to provide consulting services
described in the Williams Employment Agreement, then the lump sum payment of an amount equal to one year of his base salary shall be payable
upon the expiration of such consulting period, and during such consulting period, Mr. Williams will be entitled to a consulting fee
equal to what he would have otherwise been entitled to be paid under the Williams Employment Agreement during such period. In addition,
all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested restricted stock (and only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved,
including the 2021 Williams Restricted Stock Award) shall immediately vest.

In the event that Mr. Williams fails to comply
with any of his obligations under the Williams Employment Agreement, including, without limitation, the non-competition covenant and the
non-interference, non-solicitation and non-disparagement provisions, Mr. Williams will be required to repay the one year of base
salary paid to him pursuant to the Company termination without cause or change in control provisions of the Williams Employment Agreement
as of the date of such failure to comply and he will have no further rights in or to such payments payable to him pursuant to the Williams
Employment Agreement. All payments and benefits provided under the Williams Employment Agreement shall be subject to Companys compensation
recovery policy and/or as required under applicable law, rule or regulation.

The Williams Employment Agreement contains provisions
designed to reduce (but not below zero) any payments otherwise required to be paid to Mr. Williams if the same would result in the
imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). to the
minimum extent necessary so that such excise tax is not imposed. The Williams Employment Agreement also contains provisions intended to
comply with Section 409A of the Code.

The foregoing description of the Williams Employment
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Williams Employment Agreement, which is
included as Exhibit 10.1, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Report) and incorporated herein by reference.

Employment Agreement with Blaine Browers

On January 24, 2025, the Company and Mr. Blaine
Browers entered into an Employment Agreement (the Browers Employment Agreement), which provides for Mr. Browers
continued employment as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, for a term commencing effective as of the Commencement Date and terminating
on the third anniversary of the Commencement Date, subject to earlier termination as provided therein. Mr. Browers is entitled to
an annual base salary of $525,000, as more particularly provided in the Browers Employment Agreement.

In addition to any other bonuses that the Board
or the Compensation Committee of the Board may award to Mr. Browers in their sole discretion, Mr. Browers is entitled to receive
annual performance bonuses, which may be based upon a variety of qualitative and quantitative factors, of up to 130% of Mr. Browers
annual base salary. Mr. Browers will also be entitled, at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee,
to participate in incentive plans of the Company, including but not limited to the Companys 2021 Incentive Plan or such other stock
incentive plan as the Company may have in effect from time to time. Such participation and awards shall be based upon, among other things,
Mr. Browers performance and the Companys performance, all as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board,
of up to 130% of the Base Compensation, which will be payable 50% in the form of stock options and 50% in the form of a restricted stock
award.

The Browers Employment Agreement also contains
confidentiality obligations as well as a non- competition covenant and non-interference (relating to the Companys customers), non-solicitation
(relating to the Companys employees) and non-disparagement provisions effective during the term of his employment and for a period
of two years after the termination of his employment with the Company.

In the event that Mr. Browers employment
is terminated as a result of his death or disability, Mr. Browers or his estate will, subject to the provisions of the Browers Employment
Agreement, be generally entitled to receive his accrued base salary through the date of such termination and earned but unpaid annual
incentive bonus prorated for the portion of the year in which such termination occurred and all granted but unvested stock options and
all unvested restricted stock (and only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved, including the restricted stock grant
awarded pursuant to Section 3(e) of the Employment Agreement dated as of July 9, 2021, by and between the Company and
Mr. Browers (the 2021 Browers Restricted Stock Award) shall immediately vest. In the event that Mr. Browers
employment is terminated by the Company for cause (as defined in the Browers Employment Agreement),
Mr. Browers will, subject to the provisions of the Browers Employment Agreement, be entitled to receive his accrued base salary through
the date of such termination. In addition, all stock options, whether vested or unvested, and granted but unvested restricted stock will
be null and void except that, in the event that Mr. Browers is terminated as a result of his failure to perform any reasonable directive
of the Board, he will be entitled to retain any vested stock options, but subject to the terms of the respective plan and award agreement
under which they were awarded.

In the event that Mr. Browers employment
is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined in the Browers Employment Agreement),
Mr. Browers will, subject to the provisions of the Browers Employment Agreement, be entitled to receive an amount equal to one year
of his base salary and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by Mr. Browers during such one-year period, in each case
payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, provided that Mr. Browers executes a separation agreement
and general release agreement that is satisfactory to the Company. In addition, all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested
restricted stock (but not including the 2021 Browers Restricted Stock Award) will immediately vest.

In the event that Mr. Browers employment
is terminated by Mr. Browers other than as a result of a change in control (as defined
in the Browers Employment Agreement), Mr. Browers will, subject to the provisions of the Browers Employment Agreement, generally
be entitled to receive his accrued base salary and benefits through the date of such termination. In addition, all granted but unvested
stock options and all unvested restricted stock will be null and void.

In the event that Mr. Browers employment
is terminated by either party within 30 days of a change in control, Mr. Browers will, subject to the provisions
of the Browers Employment Agreement, generally be entitled to receive an amount equal to one year of his base salary payable in one lump
sum within five business days after such termination and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by Mr. Browers during such
one-year period; provided that Mr. Browers executes a separation agreement and general release agreement that is satisfactory to
the Company, and provided further that, in the event the Company or the acquiror requests Mr. Browers to provide consulting services
described in the Browers Employment Agreement, then the lump sum payment of an amount equal to one year of his base salary shall be payable
upon the expiration of such consulting period, and during such consulting period, Mr. Browers will be entitled to a consulting fee
equal to what he would have otherwise been entitled to be paid under the Browers Employment Agreement during such period. In addition,
all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested restricted stock (and only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved,
including the 2021 Browers Restricted Stock Award) shall immediately vest.

In the event that Mr. Browers fails to comply
with any of his obligations under the Browers Employment Agreement, including, without limitation, the non-competition covenant and the
non-interference, non-solicitation and non-disparagement provisions, Mr. Browers will be required to repay the one year of base salary
paid to him pursuant to the Company termination without cause or change in control provisions of the Browers Employment Agreement as of
the date of such failure to comply and he will have no further rights in or to such payments payable to him pursuant to the Browers Employment
Agreement. All payments and benefits provided under the Browers Employment Agreement shall be subject to Companys compensation
recovery policy and/or as required under applicable law, rule or regulation.

The Browers Employment Agreement contains provisions
designed to reduce (but not below zero) any payments otherwise required to be paid to Mr. Browers if the same would result in the
imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code to the minimum extent necessary so that such excise tax is not imposed.
The Browers Employment Agreement also contains provisions intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code.

The foregoing description of the Browers Employment
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Browers Employment Agreement, which is
included as Exhibit 10.2, to this Report and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment
of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(e) The
disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 of this Report with respect to Mr. Williams and Mr. Browers, respectively, are incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits.
The following Exhibit is filed herewith as a part of this Report:

Exhibit Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2025, between Cadre Holdings, Inc. and Brad Williams.

10.2 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2025, between Cadre Holdings, Inc. and Blaine Browers.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 27, 2025

CADRE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Blaine Browers

Name: Blaine Browers

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254519d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 24, 2025, between Cadre Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and Brad Williams (the Employee).

W
I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS,
each of the Company and its subsidiaries, including Safariland, LLC, desires to continue to employ the Employee as the President of the
Company and to be assured of his services on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

WHEREAS,
the Employee is willing to continue to be employed as the President of the Company on such terms and conditions; and

WHEREAS,
the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board) have each authorized and approved the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the Company and the Employee
hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment and Term.

The Company hereby employs the Employee as the President
of the Company, and the Employee accepts such employment, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. The
term of this Agreement shall commence on January 24, 2025 (the Commencement Date), and shall terminate on the third
anniversary of the Commencement Date (the Term), subject to earlier termination as provided herein.

2. Duties; Work Site.

(a) During the Term of this Agreement,
the Employee shall serve as the President of the Company and shall perform all duties commensurate with his positions and as may be assigned
to him by the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board or his designee. The Employee shall devote his full business
time and energies to the business and affairs of the Company and shall use his best efforts, skills and abilities to promote the interests
of the Company, and to diligently and competently perform the duties of his positions.

(b) The Employee shall report to and shall
communicate regularly with the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board or his designee.

(c) The Employee and the Company agree
that the Employees duties will be discharged from the Companys Jacksonville, Florida location. The Employee agrees to travel
for business purposes in such amount as is necessary in order for the Employee to fully and competently perform his duties hereunder.

3. Compensation, Bonus, Benefits, etc.

(a) Salary. During the Term
of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Employee, and the Employee shall accept from the Company, as compensation for the performance
of services under this Agreement and the Employees observance and performance of all of the provisions hereof, an annual salary
at the rate of $625,000 (the Base Compensation). The Base Compensation shall be payable in accordance with the normal payroll
practices of the Company.

(b) Bonus.
In addition to the Base Compensation described above, the Employee shall, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or the Compensation
Committee of the Board, be entitled to an annual performance bonus of up to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Base Compensation
which may be based upon a variety of factors, including qualitative and quantitative Company objectives, all as determined annually in
the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board. In addition, the Employee may be entitled to participate
in such other bonus plans, during the Term of this Agreement, as the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board may, in its sole
and absolute discretion, determine. Any such bonus, as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, shall be payable
to the Employee no later than 2 months after the end of the fiscal year in question during the Term.

(c) Stock Options; Restricted Stock.
The Employee shall also be entitled to participate, at the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board, in
the Companys 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, or such other stock incentive plan as the Company may have in effect from time to time
(the Stock Incentive Plan). Such participation and awards shall be based upon, among other things, the Employees
performance and the Companys performance, all as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, of up to one hundred fifty
percent (150%) of the Base Compensation, which will be payable fifty percent (50%) in the form of stock options and fifty percent (50%)
in the form of a restricted stock award. In addition, the Employee may be entitled, during the Term of this Agreement, to receive additional
stock options and restricted stock awards at such prices and other terms, and/or to participate in such other bonus plans, whether during
the term of this Agreement or upon termination pursuant to Section 7 hereof, as the Compensation Committee of the Board may, in
its sole and absolute discretion, determine.

(d) Benefits. During the
Term of this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in or benefit from, in accordance with the eligibility and other
provisions thereof, the Companys medical insurance and other fringe benefit plans or policies as the Company may make available
to, or have in effect for, its senior executive officers from time to time. The Company and its affiliates retain the right to terminate
or alter any such plans or policies from time to time. The Employee shall also be entitled to four weeks paid vacation each year, sick
leave and other similar benefits in accordance with policies of the Company from time to time in effect for its senior executive officers.

(e) Reimbursement of Business Expenses. During
the Term of this Agreement, upon submission of proper invoices, receipts or other supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to
the Company and in accordance with and subject to the Companys expense reimbursement policies, the Employee shall be reimbursed
by the Company for all reasonable business expenses actually and necessarily incurred by the Employee on behalf of the Company in connection
with the performance of services under this Agreement.

(f) Taxes. The Base
Compensation and any other compensation paid to Employee, including, without limitation, any bonus, shall be subject to withholding for
applicable taxes and other amounts.

4. Representations of Employee.

The
Employee represents and warrants that he is not party to, or bound by, any agreement or commitment, or subject to any restriction, including
but not limited to agreements related to previous employment containing confidentiality or noncompetition covenants, which limit the ability
of the Employee to perform his duties under this Agreement. The Employee further represents and warrants that he is not presently
nor has he ever been the subject of or a party to any charge, complaint, government agency investigation or proceeding, disciplinary action,
arbitration or litigation involving a claim of employment discrimination, retaliation or harassment, including sexual harassment.

5. Confidentiality,
Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation and Non-Disparagement.

For purposes of this Section 5, all references
to the Company shall be deemed to include the Companys affiliates and subsidiaries and their respective subsidiaries, whether now
existing or hereafter established or acquired. In consideration for the compensation and benefits provided to the Employee pursuant to
this Agreement, the Employee agrees with the provisions of this Section 5.

(a) Confidential Information.

(i) The Employee acknowledges that as a result
of his retention by the Company, the Employee has and will continue to have knowledge of, and access to, proprietary and confidential
information of the Company including, without limitation, research and development plans and results, software, databases, technology,
inventions, trade secrets, technical information, know-how, plans, specifications, methods of operations, product and service information,
product and service availability, pricing information (including pricing strategies), financial, business and marketing information and
plans, and the identity of customers, clients and suppliers (collectively, the Confidential Information), and that the Confidential
Information, even though it may be contributed, developed or acquired by the Employee, constitutes valuable, special and unique assets
of the Company developed at great expense which are the exclusive property of the Company. Accordingly, the Employee shall not, at any
time, either during or subsequent to the Term of this Agreement, use, reveal, report, publish, transfer or otherwise disclose to any person,
corporation, or other entity, any of the Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company, except to responsible
officers and employees of the Company and other responsible persons who are in a contractual or fiduciary relationship with the Company
and who have a need for such Confidential Information for purposes in the best interests of the Company, and except for such Confidential
Information which is or becomes of general public knowledge from authorized sources other than by or through the Employee.

2

(ii) The Employee acknowledges that
the Company would not enter into this Agreement without the assurance that all the Confidential Information will be used for the exclusive
benefit of the Company.

(iii) Employee
shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret (as defined
in section 1839 of title 18, United States Code) that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose
the trade secret to Employees attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Employee (A) files
any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order.

(iv) Nothing
in this Agreement or elsewhere shall prohibit Employee from: (a) contacting, filing a claim with, or cooperating in an investigation
by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Securities Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Department of Labor, Department
of Justice, Occupational Safety and Health Administration or other federal, state or local agency (b) exercising any legally
protected whistleblower rights (including pursuant to Rule 21F under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)) (c) utilizing
and disclosing information, including the Confidential Information, in connection with discharging Employees duties to the Company
(d) disclosing Confidential Information to the extent Employee (i) is compelled to disclose such Confidential Information or
else stand liable for contempt or suffer other censure or penalty or is required to disclose by judicial or administrative process, or
by other requirements of applicable law or regulation or any governmental authority (including any applicable rule, regulation or order
of a self-governing authority, such as the New York Stock Exchange), provided that, where and to the extent legally permitted, Employee
shall (A) give the Company reasonable advance notice of any such requirement and, to the extent protective measures consistent with
such requirement are available, the opportunity to seek appropriate protective measures and (B) cooperate with the Company in attempting
to obtain such protective measures or (ii) discloses such information in connection with any litigation or arbitration between the
Company and Employee (e) disclosing documents and information in confidence to an attorney or other professional for the purposes
of securing professional advice or (f) disclosing Employees notice obligations, and post-employment restrictions, in
confidence in connection with any potential new employment or business opportunity.

(b) Return of Confidential Information.
Upon the termination of this Agreement or upon the request of the Company, the Employee shall promptly return to the Company all Confidential
Information in his possession or control, including but not limited to all drawings, manuals, computer printouts, computer databases,
disks, data, files, lists, memoranda, letters, notes, notebooks, reports and other writings and copies thereof and all other materials
relating to the Companys business, including, without limitation, any materials incorporating Confidential Information.

(c) Inventions, etc.
During the Term and for a period of one year thereafter, the Employee will promptly disclose to the Company all designs, processes, inventions,
improvements, developments, discoveries, processes, techniques, and other information related to the business of the Company conceived,
developed, acquired, or reduced to practice by him alone or with others during the Term of this Agreement, whether or not conceived during
regular working hours, through the use of Company time, material or facilities or otherwise (Inventions).

3

The Employee agrees that all copyrights created
in conjunction with his service to the Company and other Inventions, are works made for hire (as that term is defined under
the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended). All such copyrights, trademarks, and other Inventions shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Company, and the Company shall be the sole owner of all patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other rights and protection
in connection therewith. To the extent any such copyright and other Inventions may not be works for hire, the Employee hereby assigns
to the Company any and all rights he now has or may hereafter acquire in such copyrights and any other Inventions. Upon request the Employee
shall deliver to the Company all drawings, models and other data and records relating to such copyrights, trademarks and Inventions. The
Employee further agrees as to all such Inventions, to assist the Company in every proper way (but at the Companys expense) to obtain,
register, and from time to time enforce patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other rights and protection relating to said
Inventions in any and all countries, and to that end the Employee shall execute all documents for use in applying for and obtaining such
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other rights and protection on and enforcing such Inventions, as the Company may reasonably
request, together with any assignments thereof to the Company or persons designated by it. Such obligation to assist the Company shall
continue beyond the termination of the Employees service to the Company, but the Company shall compensate the Employee at a reasonable
rate after termination of service for time actually spent by the Employee at the Companys request for such assistance. In the event
the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure the Employees signature on any document or documents needed to apply
for or prosecute any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other right or protection relating to an Invention, whether because
of the Employees physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason whatsoever, the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and
appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents, during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of two years after
termination of this Agreement, as his agent coupled with an interest and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in his behalf and stead to execute
and file any such application or applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents,
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or similar rights or protection thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by
the Employee.

(d) Non-Competition. To
the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Employee agrees not to utilize his special knowledge of the Business and his relationships
with customers, prospective customers, suppliers and others or otherwise to compete with the Company in the Business during the Restricted
Period. During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, and shall not permit any of his respective employees, agents or others under
his control, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the Employee or any other Person, to engage or have an interest, anywhere in the world
in which the Company conducts business or markets or sells its products, alone or in association with others, as principal, officer, agent,
employee, director, partner or stockholder (except as an owner of two percent or less of the stock of any company listed on a national
securities exchange or traded in the over-the-counter market), whether through the investment of capital, lending of money or property,
rendering of services or capital, or otherwise, in any Competitive Business. During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, and
shall not permit any of his respective employees, agents or others under his control, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the Employee
or any other Person, to accept Competitive Business from, or solicit the Competitive Business of any Person who is a customer of the Business
conducted by the Company, or, to the Employees knowledge, is a customer of the Business conducted by the Company at any time during
the Restricted Period.

(e) Non-Disparagement and Non-Interference. The
Employee shall not, either directly or indirectly, (i) during the Restricted Period, make or cause to be made, any statements that
are disparaging or derogatory concerning the Company or its business, reputation or prospects; (ii) during the Restricted Period,
request, suggest, influence or cause any party, directly or indirectly, to cease doing business with or to reduce its business with the
Company or do or say anything which could reasonably be expected to damage the business relationships of the Company; or (iii) at
any time during or after the Restricted Period, use or purport to authorize any Person to use any Intellectual Property owned by the Company
or exclusively licensed to the Company or to otherwise infringe on the intellectual property rights of the Company.

(f) Non-Solicitation.During
the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not recruit or otherwise solicit or induce any Person who is an employee or consultant of, or
otherwise engaged by Company, to terminate his or her employment or other relationship with the Company, or such successor, or hire any
person who has left the employ of the Company during the preceding one year.

4

(g) Certain Definitions. For
purposes of this Agreement: (i) the term Business shall mean the business of (A) manufacturing and distributing
safety equipment and other related products for the law enforcement, first responder, military and nuclear markets; and (B) any other
business that the Company or its subsidiaries may be engaged in during the Term of this Agreement; (ii) the term Competitive
Business shall mean any business competitive with the Business; and (iii) the term Restricted Period shall mean
the Term of this Agreement and a period of two years after termination of this Agreement; provided, that, if Employee breaches the covenants
set forth in this Section 5, the Restricted Period shall be extended for a period equal to the period that a court having jurisdiction
has determined that such covenant has been breached. Person shall mean an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a
corporation, a limited liability company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or other entity and a government or any department or
agency thereof.

6. Remedies. The
restrictions set forth in Section 5 are considered by the parties to be fair and reasonable. The Employee acknowledges that the restrictions
contained in Section 5 will not prevent him from earning a livelihood. The Employee further acknowledges that the Company would be
irreparably harmed and that monetary damages would not provide an adequate remedy in the event of a breach of the provisions of Section 5.
Accordingly, the Employee agrees that, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive
and other equitable relief to secure the enforcement of these provisions. In connection with seeking any such equitable remedy, including,
but not limited to, an injunction or specific performance, the Company shall not be required to post a bond as a condition to obtaining
such remedy. In any such litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive an award of reasonable attorneys fees and
costs. If any provisions of Sections 5 or 6 relating to the time period, scope of activities or geographic area of restrictions is declared
by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum permissible time period, scope of activities or geographic area, the maximum
time period, scope of activities or geographic area, as the case may be, shall be reduced to the maximum which such court deems enforceable.
If any provisions of Sections 5 or 6 other than those described in the preceding sentence are adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable,
the invalid or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended (with respect only to the jurisdiction in which such adjudication is made)
in such manner as to render them enforceable and to effectuate as nearly as possible the original intentions and agreement of the parties.
For purposes of this Section 6, all references to the Company shall be deemed to include the Company's affiliates and subsidiaries,
whether now existing or hereafter established or acquired.

7. Termination. This
Agreement shall terminate at the end of the Term set forth in Section 1. In addition, this Agreement may be terminated prior to the
end of the Term set forth in Section 1 upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth in, and subject to the terms of, this Section 7.
For purposes of this Section 7, the term stock options shall include the Stock Options and the term restricted
stock shall include the Restricted Stock.

(a) Death or Permanent Disability. If
the Employee dies or becomes permanently disabled, this Agreement shall terminate effective upon the Employees death or when his
disability is deemed to have become permanent. If the Employee is unable to perform his normal duties for the Company because of illness
or incapacity (whether physical or mental) for 45 consecutive days during the Term of this Agreement, or for 60 days (whether or not consecutive)
out of any calendar year during the Term of this Agreement, his disability shall be deemed to have become permanent. If this Agreement
is terminated on account of the death or permanent disability of the Employee, then the Employee or his estate shall be entitled to receive
accrued Base Compensation through the date of such termination, all granted but unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock (and
only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved, including the Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to Section 3(e) of
Employees Employment Agreement with the Company dated as of July 9, 2021) held by the Employee shall immediately vest, and
the Employee or the Employees estate, as applicable, shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options
or benefits from the Company following the effective date of such termination, except as provided in Section 3(b) of this Agreement; provided, however,
that any bonus pursuant to Section 3(b) of this Agreement shall be paid only for the year in which such termination occurred
pro rated for the portion of such year prior to such termination and shall be paid at such time as the Board determines the bonuses for
all senior executive officers of the Company for such year, but no later than the date that is two weeks after the filing of the Companys
Form 10-K for the year in which it was earned.

5

(b) Cause.
This Agreement may be terminated at the Companys option, immediately upon notice to the Employee, upon the occurrence of any of
the following (Cause): (i) breach by the Employee of any material provision of this Agreement and the expiration of
a 10-business day cure period for such breach after written notice thereof has been given to the Employee (which cure period shall not
be applicable to clauses (ii) through (vii) of this Section 7(b)); (ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Employee in connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement; (iii) Employees failure to perform any
reasonable directive of the Board; (iv) fraud, criminal conduct, dishonesty or embezzlement by the Employee; (v) Employees
violation of the Companys Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and/or Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial
Officers (each as currently in effect and/or as amended from time to time); (vi) Employees violation of the Companys
policies prohibiting unlawful employment discrimination, retaliation or harassment, including sexual harassment which includes but is
not limited to engaging in or aiding and abetting any act of employment discrimination, retaliation or harassment including sexual harassment;
(vii) Employees misappropriation for personal use of any assets (having in excess of nominal value) or business opportunities
of the Company; (viii) Employees violation of any contractual, statutory, or fiduciary duty owed by Employee to the Company
or any of its affiliates; or (ix) Employees failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation
of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or their directors, officers or employees, if the Company has reasonably requested Employees
cooperation. If this Agreement is terminated by the Company for Cause, then the Employee shall be entitled to receive accrued Base Compensation
through the date of such termination, all stock options, whether vested or unvested, will be forfeited by the Employee and be null and
void, all granted but unvested restricted stock shall be forfeited and be null and void, and the Employee shall have no further entitlement
to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options, or benefits from the Company following the effective date of such termination; provided, however,
that in the event of a termination for Cause pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii) hereof, the Employee shall be entitled to retain
any vested stock options, but subject to the terms and conditions thereof.

(c) Without
Cause. This Agreement may be terminated, at any time by the Company without Cause immediately upon giving written notice to the
Employee of such termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement by the Company without Cause, the Employee shall be entitled to receive
one year of Base Compensation and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by the Employee during such one-year period provided
the Employee executes a Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement that is satisfactory to the Company and upon receipt of a COBRA
billing statement, in each case payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, subject to withholding for applicable
taxes and other amounts. All granted but unvested stock options and all unvested restricted stock (but not including the Restricted
Stock awarded pursuant to Section 3(e) of Employees Employment Agreement with the Company dated as of July 9, 2021)
held by the Employee shall immediately vest, and the Employee shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options
or benefits from the Company following the effective date of such termination. This Section 7(c) shall not apply if the Employee
is terminated by the Company and Section 7(e) applies.

(d) By Employee. The Employee
may terminate this Agreement at any time upon providing the Company with 90 days prior written notice. If this Agreement is terminated
by the Employee pursuant to this Section 7(d), then the Employee shall be entitled to receive his accrued Base Compensation and benefits
through the effective date of such termination, all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested restricted stock shall be forfeited
and be null and void, and the Employee shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options, or benefits from
the Company following the effective date of such termination.

(e) Change
in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), the Employee shall have the right to terminate
this Agreement within 30 days following the occurrence of such Change in Control; provided, however, that if requested
to do so by the Company or the acquiror of the business of the Company in such Change of Control, the Employee shall provide consulting
services to the Company or such acquiror, as applicable, for transition purposes for a period of up to six months following the effective
date of such Change in Control and his termination of this Agreement, and the Company or such acquiror shall pay consulting fees to the
Employee for such six month period in an amount equal to the compensation he would have otherwise received under this Agreement had it
been in effect for such six month period. Upon the termination of this Agreement by either party within 30 days following the occurrence
of a Change in Control (other than a termination by the Company for Cause during such period, in which event the provisions of Section 7(b) shall
apply), the Employee shall be entitled to receive one year of Base Compensation in one lump sum within five business days after the effective
date of such termination and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by the Employee during such one-year period provided the
Employee executes a Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement that is satisfactory to the Company and upon receipt of a COBRA
billing statement, subject to withholding for applicable taxes and other amounts, all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested
restricted stock (and only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved, including the Restricted Stock awarded pursuant
to Section 3(e) of Employees Employment Agreement with the Company dated as of July 9, 2021) held by the Employee
shall immediately vest; provided, however, that if the Company or the acquiror described above requests Employee
to provide the consulting services described above, then the one year of Base Compensation that is payable in one lump sum shall become
due and payable in one lump sum upon the expiration of such consulting period, and shall not be payable if the Employee does not render
such consulting services. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred
in the event that: (i) individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof
whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors
then comprising the Board shall be considered as though such individual was a member of the Board as of the date hereof; (ii) the
Company shall have been sold by either (A) a sale of all or substantially all its assets, or (B) a merger or consolidation,
other than any merger or consolidation pursuant to which the Company acquires another entity, or (C) a tender offer, whether solicited
or unsolicited; or (iii) any party, other than the Company, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of voting securities of the Company representing 40% or
more of the total voting power of all the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company; provided, that no event shall constitute
a Change in Control unless such event is a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial
portion of the assets of the Company, pursuant to Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code).

6

(f) Return of Payments and Cancellation
of Benefits. In the event that the Employee fails to comply with any of his obligations under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the covenants contained in Section 5 hereof, or it is determined that the Employee engaged in conduct which would
constitute cause for termination as set forth in 7(b) of this Agreement, the Employee shall repay to the Company any payments received
by the Employee in respect of the one year Base Compensation required to be paid pursuant to Section 7(c) or Section 7(e) hereof
as of the date of such failure to comply, the Companys obligation to provide the remainder, if any, of such one year Base Compensation
shall terminate and be null and void as of such date, and the Employee will have no further rights in or to such amounts and benefits.

(g) 
Cooperation. Following the expiration and/or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Employee shall provide
his reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to
events occurring during Employees employment hereunder; provided the Company shall reimburse Employee for Employees reasonable
costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith and such cooperation shall not unreasonably burden Employee or unreasonably interfere
with any subsequent employment that Employee may undertake.

8. Parachute
Payments.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Company plan, arrangement or agreement (Company Arrangement), in the
event that any payment or benefit by the Company or otherwise to or for the benefit of Employee, whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (all such payments and benefits, including the payments and benefits
under Section 7 above, being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments), would be subject (in whole or in part)
to the excise tax (the Excise Tax) imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Total Payments shall be reduced (but
not below zero) to the minimum extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the Excise Tax on the Total Payments. Any such reduction shall
be made by the Company in its sole discretion consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A).

(b) Any
determination required under this Section 8, including whether any payments or benefits are parachute payments, shall be made by
the Company in its sole discretion. The Employee shall provide the Company with such information and documents as the Company may reasonably
request in order to make a determination under this Section 8. The Companys determinations shall be final and binding on the
Company and the Employee.

(c) In
the event it is later determined that to implement the objective and intent of this Section 8, (i) a greater reduction in the
Total Payments should have been made, the excess amount shall be returned promptly by Employee to the Company or (ii) a lesser reduction
in the Total Payments should have been made, the excess amount shall be paid or provided promptly by the Company to Employee, except to
the extent the Company reasonably determines would result in imposition of an excise tax under Section 409A.

7

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Survival. The provisions
of Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

(b) Entire Agreement. This
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties and, except as specifically set forth herein, merges and supersedes any prior
or contemporaneous agreements between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.

(c) Modification. This
Agreement may not be modified or terminated orally, and no modification, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions hereof
shall be binding unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the same is sought to be enforced.

(d) Waiver. Failure
of a party to enforce one or more of the provisions of this Agreement or to require at any time performance of any of the obligations
hereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions by such party nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement
or such partys right thereafter to enforce any provision of this Agreement, nor to preclude such party from taking any other action
at any time which it would legally be entitled to take.

(e) Successors and Assigns. Neither
party shall have the right to assign this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, without the consent of the other party; provided, however,
that upon the sale of all or substantially all of the assets, business and goodwill of the Company to another company, or upon the merger
or consolidation of the Company with another company, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, both Employee
and the company purchasing such assets, business and goodwill, or surviving such merger or consolidation, as the case may be, in the same
manner and to the same extent as though such other company were the Company; and provided, further, that the Company
shall have the right to assign this Agreement to any affiliate or subsidiary of the Company. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties hereto and their legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns.

(f) Communications. All
notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given at
the time personally delivered, sent by electronic mail or facsimile transmission provided the receiving party has a compatible device
or confirms receipt thereof (which forms of notice shall be deemed delivered upon confirmed transmission or confirmation of receipt),
or when mailed in any United States post office enclosed in a registered or certified postage prepaid envelope and addressed to the addresses
set forth below, or to such other address as any party may specify by notice to the other party; provided, however, that any notice
of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

If to the Company:

Cadre Holdings, Inc.

13386 International Pkwy

Jacksonville, FL 32218

Facsimile:

Email: blaine.browers@safariland.com

Attention: Blaine Browers

With a copy to:

Kane Kessler, P.C.

600 Third Avenue, 35th Floor

New York, New York 10016

Facsimile: (212) 245-3009

Email: rlawrence@kanekessler.com

Attention: Robert L. Lawrence, Esq. 

8

If to the Employee:

Brad Williams

12831 River Story Way

Jacksonville, FL 32223

Email:
williams.brade@gmail.com 

(g) Severability. If
any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement and the provisions held to be invalid or unenforceable
shall be enforced as nearly as possible according to its original terms and intent to eliminate such invalidity or unenforceability.

(h) Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver
of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts or state courts of
the State of Delaware, County of New Castle, for the purpose of resolving any disputes among them relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and waive any objections on the grounds of forum non conveniens or otherwise. The parties hereto agree
to service of process by certified or registered United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the party in question. The prevailing
party in any proceeding instituted in connection with this Agreement shall be entitled to an award of its/his reasonable attorneys
fees and costs. The parties hereto irrevocably waive the right to a jury trial in connection with any action arising under this Agreement
or the employment of Employee.

(i) Governing Law. This
Agreement is made and executed and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law principles
thereof.

(j) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by facsimile or other electronic signature), but all counterparts will together
constitute but one agreement.

(k) Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement is for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and, except as provided herein, shall not be deemed for the benefit
of any other person or entity.

(l) Headings and References. The
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement. References in this Agreement to any section refer to such section of this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires.

(m) Section 409A.

(i)General.
The parties to this Agreement intend that the Agreement complies with Section 409A, where applicable, and this Agreement shall
be interpreted in a manner consistent with that intention. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 409A, no payment hereunder
shall be accelerated or deferred unless such acceleration or deferral would not result in additional tax or interest pursuant to Section 409A.

(ii) Separation
from Service. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any compensation or benefits payable
under this Agreement that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A and is designated under this Agreement
as payable upon Employees termination of employment, the termination of this Agreement or the termination of Employees consulting
services shall be payable only upon Employees separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A
(a Separation from Service).

(iii) Specified
Employee. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is deemed by the Company at the time
of Employees Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, to the extent
delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Employee is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a
prohibited distribution under Section 409A, such portion of Employees benefits shall not be provided to Employee prior to
the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of Employees Separation from Service
with the Company or (B) the date of Employees death. Upon the first business day following the expiration of the applicable
Section 409A period, all payments deferred pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid in a lump sum to Employee (or Employees
estate or beneficiaries), and any remaining payments due to Employee under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

9

(iv) Expense
Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursements under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, any such reimbursements
payable to Employee shall be paid to Employee no later than December 31st of the year following the year in which the
expense was incurred; provided, that Employee submits Employees reimbursement request promptly following the date the expense
is incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year,
other than medical expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Code, and Employees right to reimbursement under this
Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

(v) Installments.
Employees right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement, including without limitation any continuation salary
payments that are payable on Company payroll dates, shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly,
each such installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment as permitted under Section 409A.

(vi) Release.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement as a result of Employees
Separation from Service are subject to Employees execution and delivery of a Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement
(Release), in any case where Employees date of Separation from Service and Release Expiration Date (as defined below)
fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Employee that are conditioned on the Release and are treated as
nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A shall be made in the later taxable year. For purposes hereof, Release
Expiration Date shall mean the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the
Release to Employee, or, in the event that Employees Separation from Service is in connection with an exit incentive or
other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date
that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. To the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within
the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement as a result of Employees Separation from Service are delayed pursuant
to this Section 9(m)(vi), such amounts shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll period to occur in the subsequent taxable
year.

(n) Recovery of Compensation. All
payments and benefits provided under this Agreement shall be subject to the Companys compensation recovery policy (the Compensation
Recovery Policy) and/or as required under applicable law, rule or regulation. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the
Company has provided the Employee with a copy of the Compensation Recovery Policy, which outlines circumstances under which compensation
may be subject to recovery by the Company. The Employee further acknowledges that he has read, understand, and agree to comply with the
terms of the Compensation Recovery Policy. The Employee agrees that the Compensation Recovery Policy may be amended from time to time
by the Company, and any such amendments will apply to the Employee, provided that the Employee is notified of such amendments.

(o) Participation of the Parties. The
parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Agreement and all matters contemplated herein have been negotiated among all parties
hereto and their respective legal counsel, if any, (ii) each party has had, or has been afforded the opportunity to have, this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby reviewed by independent counsel of its own choosing, (iii) all such parties have participated
in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement from the commencement of negotiations at all times through the execution hereof, and
(iv) any ambiguities contained in this Agreement shall not be construed against any party hereto.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has duly executed this Employment Agreement as of the date set forth above.

CADRE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: Warren B. Kanders

Name: Warren B. Kanders

Title: Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Brad Williams

Brad Williams

(Signature Page to Employment Agreement of
Brad Williams)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254519d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the
Agreement), dated as of January 24, 2025, between Cadre Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and Blaine Browers (the Employee).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, each of the
Company and its subsidiaries, including Safariland, LLC, desires to continue to employ the Employee as the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company and to be assured of his services on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

WHEREAS, the Employee
is willing to continue to be employed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on such terms and conditions; and

WHEREAS, the Compensation
Committee of the Companys Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and the Companys Board of Directors
(the Board) have each authorized and approved the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the Company and the Employee hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment and Term.

The Company hereby employs the Employee as the Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, and the Employee accepts such employment, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement. The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 24, 2025 (the Commencement Date), and shall terminate
on the third anniversary of the Commencement Date (the Term), subject to earlier termination as provided herein.

2. Duties; Work Site.

(a) During the Term of this Agreement,
the Employee shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and shall perform all duties commensurate with his positions and
as may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board or his designee. The Employee shall devote
his full business time and energies to the business and affairs of the Company and shall use his best efforts, skills and abilities to
promote the interests of the Company, and to diligently and competently perform the duties of his positions.

(b) The Employee shall report to and shall
communicate regularly with the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board or his designee.

(c) The Employee and the Company agree
that the Employees duties will be discharged from the Companys Jacksonville, Florida location. The Employee agrees to travel
for business purposes in such amount as is necessary in order for the Employee to fully and competently perform his duties hereunder.

3. Compensation, Bonus, Benefits, etc.

(a) Salary. During the Term of
this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Employee, and the Employee shall accept from the Company, as compensation for the performance
of services under this Agreement and the Employees observance and performance of all of the provisions hereof, an annual salary
at the rate of $525,000 (the Base Compensation). The Base Compensation shall be payable in accordance with the normal payroll
practices of the Company.

(b) Bonus.
In addition to the Base Compensation described above, the Employee shall, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or the Compensation
Committee of the Board, be entitled to an annual performance bonus of up to one hundred thirty percent (130%) of the Base Compensation
which may be based upon a variety of factors, including qualitative and quantitative Company objectives, all as determined annually in
the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board. In addition, the Employee may be entitled to participate
in such other bonus plans, during the Term of this Agreement, as the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board may, in its sole
and absolute discretion, determine. Any such bonus, as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, shall be payable
to the Employee no later than 2 months after the end of the fiscal year in question during the Term.

(c) Stock Options; Restricted Stock.
The Employee shall also be entitled to participate, at the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board, in
the Companys 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, or such other stock incentive plan as the Company may have in effect from time to time
(the Stock Incentive Plan). Such participation and awards shall be based upon, among other things, the Employees
performance and the Companys performance, all as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, of up to one hundred thirty
percent (130%) of the Base Compensation, which will be payable fifty percent (50%) in the form of stock options and fifty percent (50%)
in the form of a restricted stock award. In addition, the Employee may be entitled, during the Term of this Agreement, to receive additional
stock options and restricted stock awards at such prices and other terms, and/or to participate in such other bonus plans, whether during
the term of this Agreement or upon termination pursuant to Section 7 hereof, as the Compensation Committee of the Board may, in its
sole and absolute discretion, determine.

(d) Benefits. During the
Term of this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in or benefit from, in accordance with the eligibility and other
provisions thereof, the Companys medical insurance and other fringe benefit plans or policies as the Company may make available
to, or have in effect for, its senior executive officers from time to time. The Company and its affiliates retain the right to terminate
or alter any such plans or policies from time to time. The Employee shall also be entitled to four weeks paid vacation each year, sick
leave and other similar benefits in accordance with policies of the Company from time to time in effect for its senior executive officers.

(e) Reimbursement of Business Expenses. During
the Term of this Agreement, upon submission of proper invoices, receipts or other supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to
the Company and in accordance with and subject to the Companys expense reimbursement policies, the Employee shall be reimbursed
by the Company for all reasonable business expenses actually and necessarily incurred by the Employee on behalf of the Company in connection
with the performance of services under this Agreement.

(f) Taxes. The Base
Compensation and any other compensation paid to Employee, including, without limitation, any bonus, shall be subject to withholding for
applicable taxes and other amounts.

4. Representations of Employee.

The Employee represents and warrants that he is
not party to, or bound by, any agreement or commitment, or subject to any restriction, including but not limited to agreements related
to previous employment containing confidentiality or noncompetition covenants, which limit the ability of the Employee to perform his
duties under this Agreement. The Employee further represents and warrants that he is not presently nor has he ever been the subject of
or a party to any charge, complaint, government agency investigation or proceeding, disciplinary action, arbitration or litigation involving
a claim of employment discrimination, retaliation or harassment, including sexual harassment.

5. Confidentiality,
Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation and Non-Disparagement.

For purposes of this Section 5, all references
to the Company shall be deemed to include the Companys affiliates and subsidiaries and their respective subsidiaries, whether now
existing or hereafter established or acquired. In consideration for the compensation and benefits provided to the Employee pursuant to
this Agreement, the Employee agrees with the provisions of this Section 5.

2

(a) Confidential Information.

(i) The Employee acknowledges that as a result
of his retention by the Company, the Employee has and will continue to have knowledge of, and access to, proprietary and confidential
information of the Company including, without limitation, research and development plans and results, software, databases, technology,
inventions, trade secrets, technical information, know-how, plans, specifications, methods of operations, product and service information,
product and service availability, pricing information (including pricing strategies), financial, business and marketing information and
plans, and the identity of customers, clients and suppliers (collectively, the Confidential Information), and that the Confidential
Information, even though it may be contributed, developed or acquired by the Employee, constitutes valuable, special and unique assets
of the Company developed at great expense which are the exclusive property of the Company. Accordingly, the Employee shall not, at any
time, either during or subsequent to the Term of this Agreement, use, reveal, report, publish, transfer or otherwise disclose to any person,
corporation, or other entity, any of the Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company, except to responsible
officers and employees of the Company and other responsible persons who are in a contractual or fiduciary relationship with the Company
and who have a need for such Confidential Information for purposes in the best interests of the Company, and except for such Confidential
Information which is or becomes of general public knowledge from authorized sources other than by or through the Employee.

(ii) The Employee acknowledges that
the Company would not enter into this Agreement without the assurance that all the Confidential Information will be used for the exclusive
benefit of the Company.

(iii) Employee shall not be held criminally
or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in section 1839 of title
18, United States Code) that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly
or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or
(B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If Employee
files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to Employees
attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Employee (A) files any document containing the trade secret
under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order.

(iv) Nothing
in this Agreement or elsewhere shall prohibit Employee from: (a) contacting, filing a claim with, or cooperating in an investigation
by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Securities Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Department of Labor, Department
of Justice, Occupational Safety and Health Administration or other federal, state or local agency (b) exercising any legally
protected whistleblower rights (including pursuant to Rule 21F under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)) (c) utilizing
and disclosing information, including the Confidential Information, in connection with discharging Employees duties to the Company
(d) disclosing Confidential Information to the extent Employee (i) is compelled to disclose such Confidential Information or
else stand liable for contempt or suffer other censure or penalty or is required to disclose by judicial or administrative process, or
by other requirements of applicable law or regulation or any governmental authority (including any applicable rule, regulation or order
of a self-governing authority, such as the New York Stock Exchange), provided that, where and to the extent legally permitted, Employee
shall (A) give the Company reasonable advance notice of any such requirement and, to the extent protective measures consistent with
such requirement are available, the opportunity to seek appropriate protective measures and (B) cooperate with the Company in attempting
to obtain such protective measures or (ii) discloses such information in connection with any litigation or arbitration between the
Company and Employee (e) disclosing documents and information in confidence to an attorney or other professional for the purposes
of securing professional advice or (f) disclosing Employees notice obligations, and post-employment restrictions, in
confidence in connection with any potential new employment or business opportunity.

(b) Return of Confidential Information.
Upon the termination of this Agreement or upon the request of the Company, the Employee shall promptly return to the Company all Confidential
Information in his possession or control, including but not limited to all drawings, manuals, computer printouts, computer databases,
disks, data, files, lists, memoranda, letters, notes, notebooks, reports and other writings and copies thereof and all other materials
relating to the Companys business, including, without limitation, any materials incorporating Confidential Information.

3

(c) Inventions, etc.
During the Term and for a period of one year thereafter, the Employee will promptly disclose to the Company all designs, processes, inventions,
improvements, developments, discoveries, processes, techniques, and other information related to the business of the Company conceived,
developed, acquired, or reduced to practice by him alone or with others during the Term of this Agreement, whether or not conceived during
regular working hours, through the use of Company time, material or facilities or otherwise (Inventions).

The Employee agrees that all copyrights created
in conjunction with his service to the Company and other Inventions, are works made for hire (as that term is defined under
the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended). All such copyrights, trademarks, and other Inventions shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Company, and the Company shall be the sole owner of all patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other rights and protection
in connection therewith. To the extent any such copyright and other Inventions may not be works for hire, the Employee hereby assigns
to the Company any and all rights he now has or may hereafter acquire in such copyrights and any other Inventions. Upon request the Employee
shall deliver to the Company all drawings, models and other data and records relating to such copyrights, trademarks and Inventions. The
Employee further agrees as to all such Inventions, to assist the Company in every proper way (but at the Companys expense) to obtain,
register, and from time to time enforce patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other rights and protection relating to said
Inventions in any and all countries, and to that end the Employee shall execute all documents for use in applying for and obtaining such
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other rights and protection on and enforcing such Inventions, as the Company may reasonably
request, together with any assignments thereof to the Company or persons designated by it. Such obligation to assist the Company shall
continue beyond the termination of the Employees service to the Company, but the Company shall compensate the Employee at a reasonable
rate after termination of service for time actually spent by the Employee at the Companys request for such assistance. In the event
the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure the Employees signature on any document or documents needed to apply
for or prosecute any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other right or protection relating to an Invention, whether because
of the Employees physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason whatsoever, the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and
appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents, during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of two years after
termination of this Agreement, as his agent coupled with an interest and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in his behalf and stead to execute
and file any such application or applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents,
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or similar rights or protection thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by
the Employee.

(d) Non-Competition. To
the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Employee agrees not to utilize his special knowledge of the Business and his relationships
with customers, prospective customers, suppliers and others or otherwise to compete with the Company in the Business during the Restricted
Period. During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, and shall not permit any of his respective employees, agents or others under
his control, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the Employee or any other Person, to engage or have an interest, anywhere in the world
in which the Company conducts business or markets or sells its products, alone or in association with others, as principal, officer, agent,
employee, director, partner or stockholder (except as an owner of two percent or less of the stock of any company listed on a national
securities exchange or traded in the over-the-counter market), whether through the investment of capital, lending of money or property,
rendering of services or capital, or otherwise, in any Competitive Business. During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, and
shall not permit any of his respective employees, agents or others under his control, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the Employee
or any other Person, to accept Competitive Business from, or solicit the Competitive Business of any Person who is a customer of the Business
conducted by the Company, or, to the Employees knowledge, is a customer of the Business conducted by the Company at any time during
the Restricted Period.

(e) Non-Disparagement and Non-Interference. The
Employee shall not, either directly or indirectly, (i) during the Restricted Period, make or cause to be made, any statements that
are disparaging or derogatory concerning the Company or its business, reputation or prospects; (ii) during the Restricted Period,
request, suggest, influence or cause any party, directly or indirectly, to cease doing business with or to reduce its business with the
Company or do or say anything which could reasonably be expected to damage the business relationships of the Company; or (iii) at
any time during or after the Restricted Period, use or purport to authorize any Person to use any Intellectual Property owned by the Company
or exclusively licensed to the Company or to otherwise infringe on the intellectual property rights of the Company.

4

(f) Non-Solicitation.During
the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not recruit or otherwise solicit or induce any Person who is an employee or consultant of, or
otherwise engaged by Company, to terminate his or her employment or other relationship with the Company, or such successor, or hire any
person who has left the employ of the Company during the preceding one year.

(g) Certain Definitions. For
purposes of this Agreement: (i) the term Business shall mean the business of (A) manufacturing and distributing
safety equipment and other related products for the law enforcement, first responder, military and nuclear markets; and (B) any other
business that the Company or its subsidiaries may be engaged in during the Term of this Agreement; (ii) the term Competitive
Business shall mean any business competitive with the Business; and (iii) the term Restricted Period shall mean
the Term of this Agreement and a period of two years after termination of this Agreement; provided, that, if Employee breaches the covenants
set forth in this Section 5, the Restricted Period shall be extended for a period equal to the period that a court having jurisdiction
has determined that such covenant has been breached. Person shall mean an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a
corporation, a limited liability company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or other entity and a government or any department or
agency thereof.

6. Remedies. The
restrictions set forth in Section 5 are considered by the parties to be fair and reasonable. The Employee acknowledges that the restrictions
contained in Section 5 will not prevent him from earning a livelihood. The Employee further acknowledges that the Company would be
irreparably harmed and that monetary damages would not provide an adequate remedy in the event of a breach of the provisions of Section 5.
Accordingly, the Employee agrees that, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive
and other equitable relief to secure the enforcement of these provisions. In connection with seeking any such equitable remedy, including,
but not limited to, an injunction or specific performance, the Company shall not be required to post a bond as a condition to obtaining
such remedy. In any such litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive an award of reasonable attorneys fees and
costs. If any provisions of Sections 5 or 6 relating to the time period, scope of activities or geographic area of restrictions is declared
by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum permissible time period, scope of activities or geographic area, the maximum
time period, scope of activities or geographic area, as the case may be, shall be reduced to the maximum which such court deems enforceable.
If any provisions of Sections 5 or 6 other than those described in the preceding sentence are adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable,
the invalid or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended (with respect only to the jurisdiction in which such adjudication is made)
in such manner as to render them enforceable and to effectuate as nearly as possible the original intentions and agreement of the parties.
For purposes of this Section 6, all references to the Company shall be deemed to include the Company's affiliates and subsidiaries,
whether now existing or hereafter established or acquired.

7. Termination. This
Agreement shall terminate at the end of the Term set forth in Section 1. In addition, this Agreement may be terminated prior to the
end of the Term set forth in Section 1 upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth in, and subject to the terms of, this Section 7.
For purposes of this Section 7, the term stock options shall include the Stock Options and the term restricted
stock shall include the Restricted Stock.

(a) Death or Permanent Disability. If
the Employee dies or becomes permanently disabled, this Agreement shall terminate effective upon the Employees death or when his
disability is deemed to have become permanent. If the Employee is unable to perform his normal duties for the Company because of illness
or incapacity (whether physical or mental) for 45 consecutive days during the Term of this Agreement, or for 60 days (whether or not consecutive)
out of any calendar year during the Term of this Agreement, his disability shall be deemed to have become permanent. If this Agreement
is terminated on account of the death or permanent disability of the Employee, then the Employee or his estate shall be entitled to receive
accrued Base Compensation through the date of such termination, all granted but unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock (and
only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved, including the Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to Section 3(e) of
Employees Employment Agreement with the Company dated as of July 9, 2021) held by the Employee shall immediately vest, and
the Employee or the Employees estate, as applicable, shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options
or benefits from the Company following the effective date of such termination, except as provided in Section 3(b) of this Agreement; provided, however,
that any bonus pursuant to Section 3(b) of this Agreement shall be paid only for the year in which such termination occurred
pro rated for the portion of such year prior to such termination and shall be paid at such time as the Board determines the bonuses for
all senior executive officers of the Company for such year, but no later than the date that is two weeks after the filing of the Companys
Form 10-K for the year in which it was earned.

5

(b) Cause. This Agreement
may be terminated at the Companys option, immediately upon notice to the Employee, upon the occurrence of any of the following
(Cause): (i) breach by the Employee of any material provision of this Agreement and the expiration of a 10-business
day cure period for such breach after written notice thereof has been given to the Employee (which cure period shall not be applicable
to clauses (ii) through (vii) of this Section 7(b)); (ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Employee in
connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement; (iii) Employees failure to perform any reasonable directive
of the Board; (iv) fraud, criminal conduct, dishonesty or embezzlement by the Employee; (v) Employees violation of the
Companys Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and/or Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers
(each as currently in effect and/or as amended from time to time); (vi) Employees violation of the Companys policies
prohibiting unlawful employment discrimination, retaliation or harassment, including sexual harassment which includes but is not limited
to engaging in or aiding and abetting any act of employment discrimination, retaliation or harassment including sexual harassment; (vii) Employees
misappropriation for personal use of any assets (having in excess of nominal value) or business opportunities of the Company; (viii) Employees
violation of any contractual, statutory, or fiduciary duty owed by Employee to the Company or any of its affiliates; or (ix) Employees
failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or their
directors, officers or employees, if the Company has reasonably requested Employees cooperation. If this Agreement is terminated
by the Company for Cause, then the Employee shall be entitled to receive accrued Base Compensation through the date of such termination,
all stock options, whether vested or unvested, will be forfeited by the Employee and be null and void, all granted but unvested restricted
stock shall be forfeited and be null and void, and the Employee shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options,
or benefits from the Company following the effective date of such termination; provided, however, that in the event of a termination for
Cause pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii) hereof, the Employee shall be entitled to retain any vested stock options, but subject to
the terms and conditions thereof.

(c) Without Cause. This
Agreement may be terminated, at any time by the Company without Cause immediately upon giving written notice to the Employee of such termination.
Upon the termination of this Agreement by the Company without Cause, the Employee shall be entitled to receive one year of Base Compensation
and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by the Employee during such one-year period provided the Employee executes a Separation
Agreement and General Release Agreement that is satisfactory to the Company and upon receipt of a COBRA billing statement, in each case
payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, subject to withholding for applicable taxes and other amounts.
All granted but unvested stock options and all unvested restricted stock (but not including the Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to Section 3(e) of
Employees Employment Agreement with the Company dated as of July 9, 2021) held by the Employee shall immediately vest, and
the Employee shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options or benefits from the Company following the effective
date of such termination. This Section 7(c) shall not apply if the Employee is terminated by the Company and Section 7(e) applies.

(d) By Employee. The Employee
may terminate this Agreement at any time upon providing the Company with 90 days prior written notice. If this Agreement is terminated
by the Employee pursuant to this Section 7(d), then the Employee shall be entitled to receive his accrued Base Compensation and benefits
through the effective date of such termination, all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested restricted stock shall be forfeited
and be null and void, and the Employee shall have no further entitlement to Base Compensation, bonus, stock options, or benefits from
the Company following the effective date of such termination.

6

(e) Change in Control. Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), the Employee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement within 30
days following the occurrence of such Change in Control; provided, however, that if requested to do so by the
Company or the acquiror of the business of the Company in such Change of Control, the Employee shall provide consulting services to the
Company or such acquiror, as applicable, for transition purposes for a period of up to six months following the effective date of such
Change in Control and his termination of this Agreement, and the Company or such acquiror shall pay consulting fees to the Employee for
such six month period in an amount equal to the compensation he would have otherwise received under this Agreement had it been in effect
for such six month period. Upon the termination of this Agreement by either party within 30 days following the occurrence of a Change
in Control (other than a termination by the Company for Cause during such period, in which event the provisions of Section 7(b) shall
apply), the Employee shall be entitled to receive one year of Base Compensation in one lump sum within five business days after the effective
date of such termination and reimbursement of any COBRA premium payments made by the Employee during such one-year period provided the
Employee executes a Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement that is satisfactory to the Company and upon receipt of a COBRA
billing statement, subject to withholding for applicable taxes and other amounts, all granted but unvested stock options and all unvested
restricted stock (and only if the price target as set forth therein has been achieved, including the Restricted Stock awarded pursuant
to Section 3(e) of Employees Employment Agreement with the Company dated as of July 9, 2021) held by the Employee
shall immediately vest; provided, however, that if the Company or the acquiror described above requests Employee
to provide the consulting services described above, then the one year of Base Compensation that is payable in one lump sum shall become
due and payable in one lump sum upon the expiration of such consulting period, and shall not be payable if the Employee does not render
such consulting services. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred
in the event that: (i) individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof
whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors
then comprising the Board shall be considered as though such individual was a member of the Board as of the date hereof; (ii) the
Company shall have been sold by either (A) a sale of all or substantially all its assets, or (B) a merger or consolidation,
other than any merger or consolidation pursuant to which the Company acquires another entity, or (C) a tender offer, whether solicited
or unsolicited; or (iii) any party, other than the Company, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of voting securities of the Company representing 40% or
more of the total voting power of all the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company; provided, that no event shall constitute
a Change in Control unless such event is a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial
portion of the assets of the Company, pursuant to Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code).

(f) Return of Payments and Cancellation
of Benefits. In the event that the Employee fails to comply with any of his obligations under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the covenants contained in Section 5 hereof, or it is determined that the Employee engaged in conduct which would
constitute cause for termination as set forth in 7(b) of this Agreement, the Employee shall repay to the Company any payments received
by the Employee in respect of the one year Base Compensation required to be paid pursuant to Section 7(c) or Section 7(e) hereof
as of the date of such failure to comply, the Companys obligation to provide the remainder, if any, of such one year Base Compensation
shall terminate and be null and void as of such date, and the Employee will have no further rights in or to such amounts and benefits.

(g) Cooperation. Following
the expiration and/or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Employee shall provide his reasonable cooperation in connection with
any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to events occurring during Employees employment
hereunder; provided the Company shall reimburse Employee for Employees reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith
and such cooperation shall not unreasonably burden Employee or unreasonably interfere with any subsequent employment that Employee may
undertake.

8. Parachute
Payments.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Company plan, arrangement or agreement (Company Arrangement), in the
event that any payment or benefit by the Company or otherwise to or for the benefit of Employee, whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (all such payments and benefits, including the payments and benefits
under Section 7 above, being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments), would be subject (in whole or in part)
to the excise tax (the Excise Tax) imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Total Payments shall be reduced (but
not below zero) to the minimum extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the Excise Tax on the Total Payments. Any such reduction shall
be made by the Company in its sole discretion consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A).

7

(b) Any
determination required under this Section 8, including whether any payments or benefits are parachute payments, shall be made by
the Company in its sole discretion. The Employee shall provide the Company with such information and documents as the Company may reasonably
request in order to make a determination under this Section 8. The Companys determinations shall be final and binding on the
Company and the Employee.

(c) In
the event it is later determined that to implement the objective and intent of this Section 8, (i) a greater reduction in the
Total Payments should have been made, the excess amount shall be returned promptly by Employee to the Company or (ii) a lesser reduction
in the Total Payments should have been made, the excess amount shall be paid or provided promptly by the Company to Employee, except to
the extent the Company reasonably determines would result in imposition of an excise tax under Section 409A.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Survival. The provisions
of Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

(b) Entire Agreement. This
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties and, except as specifically set forth herein, merges and supersedes any prior
or contemporaneous agreements between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.

(c) Modification. This
Agreement may not be modified or terminated orally, and no modification, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions hereof
shall be binding unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the same is sought to be enforced.

(d) Waiver. Failure
of a party to enforce one or more of the provisions of this Agreement or to require at any time performance of any of the obligations
hereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions by such party nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement
or such partys right thereafter to enforce any provision of this Agreement, nor to preclude such party from taking any other action
at any time which it would legally be entitled to take.

(e) Successors and Assigns. Neither
party shall have the right to assign this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, without the consent of the other party; provided, however,
that upon the sale of all or substantially all of the assets, business and goodwill of the Company to another company, or upon the merger
or consolidation of the Company with another company, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, both Employee
and the company purchasing such assets, business and goodwill, or surviving such merger or consolidation, as the case may be, in the same
manner and to the same extent as though such other company were the Company; and provided, further, that the Company
shall have the right to assign this Agreement to any affiliate or subsidiary of the Company. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties hereto and their legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns.

(f) Communications. All
notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given at
the time personally delivered, sent by electronic mail or facsimile transmission provided the receiving party has a compatible device
or confirms receipt thereof (which forms of notice shall be deemed delivered upon confirmed transmission or confirmation of receipt),
or when mailed in any United States post office enclosed in a registered or certified postage prepaid envelope and addressed to the addresses
set forth below, or to such other address as any party may specify by notice to the other party; provided, however, that any notice of
change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

8

If to the Company:

Cadre Holdings, Inc.

13386 International Pkwy

Jacksonville, FL 32218

Facsimile:

Email: brad.williams@safariland.com

Attention: Brad Williams

With a copy to:

Kane Kessler, P.C.

600 Third Avenue, 35th Floor

New York, New York 10016

Facsimile: (212) 245-3009

Email: rlawrence@kanekessler.com

Attention: Robert L. Lawrence, Esq.

If to the Employee:

Blaine Browers

132 Clearlake Drive

Ponte Vedra, FL 32082

Email: bbrowers@hotmail.com 

(g) Severability. If
any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement and the provisions held to be invalid or unenforceable
shall be enforced as nearly as possible according to its original terms and intent to eliminate such invalidity or unenforceability.

(h) Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver
of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts or state courts of
the State of Delaware, County of New Castle, for the purpose of resolving any disputes among them relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and waive any objections on the grounds of forum non conveniens or otherwise. The parties hereto agree
to service of process by certified or registered United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the party in question. The prevailing
party in any proceeding instituted in connection with this Agreement shall be entitled to an award of its/his reasonable attorneys
fees and costs. The parties hereto irrevocably waive the right to a jury trial in connection with any action arising under this Agreement
or the employment of Employee.

(i) Governing Law. This
Agreement is made and executed and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law principles
thereof.

(j) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by facsimile or other electronic signature), but all counterparts will together
constitute but one agreement.

(k) Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement is for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and, except as provided herein, shall not be deemed for the benefit
of any other person or entity.

(l) Headings and References. The
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement. References in this Agreement to any section refer to such section of this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires.

9

(m) Section 409A.

(i)General.
The parties to this Agreement intend that the Agreement complies with Section 409A, where applicable, and this Agreement shall
be interpreted in a manner consistent with that intention. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 409A, no payment hereunder
shall be accelerated or deferred unless such acceleration or deferral would not result in additional tax or interest pursuant to Section 409A.

(ii) Separation
from Service. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any compensation or benefits payable under this
Agreement that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A and is designated under this Agreement as payable
upon Employees termination of employment, the termination of this Agreement or the termination of Employees consulting services
shall be payable only upon Employees separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A
(a Separation from Service).

(iii) Specified
Employee. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is deemed by the Company at the time of Employees
Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, to the extent delayed commencement
of any portion of the benefits to which Employee is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution
under Section 409A, such portion of Employees benefits shall not be provided to Employee prior to the earlier of (A) the
expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of Employees Separation from Service with the Company or (B) the
date of Employees death. Upon the first business day following the expiration of the applicable Section 409A period, all payments
deferred pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid in a lump sum to Employee (or Employees estate or beneficiaries), and
any remaining payments due to Employee under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

(iv) Expense
Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursements under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, any such reimbursements
payable to Employee shall be paid to Employee no later than December 31st of the year following the year in which the
expense was incurred; provided, that Employee submits Employees reimbursement request promptly following the date the expense
is incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year,
other than medical expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Code, and Employees right to reimbursement under this
Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

(v) Installments.
Employees right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement, including without limitation any continuation salary
payments that are payable on Company payroll dates, shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly,
each such installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment as permitted under Section 409A.

(vi) Release.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement as a result of Employees
Separation from Service are subject to Employees execution and delivery of a Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement
(Release), in any case where Employees date of Separation from Service and Release Expiration Date (as defined below)
fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Employee that are conditioned on the Release and are treated as
nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A shall be made in the later taxable year. For purposes hereof, Release
Expiration Date shall mean the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the
Release to Employee, or, in the event that Employees Separation from Service is in connection with an exit incentive or
other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date
that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. To the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within
the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement as a result of Employees Separation from Service are delayed pursuant
to this Section 9(m)(vi), such amounts shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll period to occur in the subsequent taxable
year.

(n) Recovery of Compensation. All
payments and benefits provided under this Agreement shall be subject to the Companys compensation recovery policy (the Compensation
Recovery Policy) and/or as required under applicable law, rule or regulation. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the
Company has provided the Employee with a copy of the Compensation Recovery Policy, which outlines circumstances under which compensation
may be subject to recovery by the Company. The Employee further acknowledges that he has read, understand, and agree to comply with the
terms of the Compensation Recovery Policy. The Employee agrees that the Compensation Recovery Policy may be amended from time to time
by the Company, and any such amendments will apply to the Employee, provided that the Employee is notified of such amendments.

10

(o) Participation of the Parties. The
parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Agreement and all matters contemplated herein have been negotiated among all parties
hereto and their respective legal counsel, if any, (ii) each party has had, or has been afforded the opportunity to have, this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby reviewed by independent counsel of its own choosing, (iii) all such parties have participated
in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement from the commencement of negotiations at all times through the execution hereof, and
(iv) any ambiguities contained in this Agreement shall not be construed against any party hereto.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties
hereto has duly executed this Employment Agreement as of the date set forth above.

CADRE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Warren B, Kanders

Name: Warren B. Kanders

Title: Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Blaine Browers

Blaine Browers

(Signature Page to Employment Agreement of
Blaine Browers)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cdre-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cdre-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cdre-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40698

Entity Registrant Name CADRE
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001860543

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-3873146

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 13386
International Pkwy

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksonville

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32218

City Area Code 904

Local Phone Number 741-5400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $.0001

Trading Symbol CDRE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cadre-holdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cdre-20250124.xsd 
cdre-20250124_lab.xml 
cdre-20250124_pre.xml 
tm254519d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-006329-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm254519d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001860543 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001860543 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
CADRE HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-40698 
38-3873146 
13386 International Pkwy 
Jacksonville 
FL 
32218 
904 
741-5400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.0001 
CDRE 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>