<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005089.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005089.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416171040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005089
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				880422242
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36492
		FILM NUMBER:		25843538

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 E. 34TH CIR N
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(620) 325-6363

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 E. 34TH CIR N
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnerJex Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM PLASTICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AURORA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990825
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000000850400000085042025-04-142025-04-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 14, 2025

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-36492 88-0422242

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

8201
E. 34th Cir N, Suite 1307, Wichita, Kansas 67226

(Address of principal executive
offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (620)325-6363

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock UAVS NYSE American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
April 14, 2025 (the CFO Commencement Date), the Board of Directors (the Board) of AgEagle Aerial Systems
Inc. (the Company) appointed Ms. Alison Burgett, age 47, to the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company. As
the Companys Chief Financial Officer, she assumes the Companys principal accounting officer duties from the Companys
Interim Chief Financial Officer, Adrienne Anderson. As previously reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2024,
Ms. Anderson resigned from her position with the Company upon Ms. Burgetts appointment to the position of Chief Financial Officer.

Since
April 2024, Ms. Burgett served as Controller of the Company. In this capacity, Ms. Burgett was responsible for overseeing the Companys
financial reporting, internal controls, budgeting, and compliance with regulatory standards, including the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ms. Burgett brings over 20 years of accounting and financial management
experience, with a strong background in financial planning and analysis, audit readiness, and operational accounting. Ms. Burgett previously
served as Centene Corporations (NYSE: CNC) Corporate Finance Manager from 2023 to April 2024, Director of Finance Transformation
from 2021 to 2023, and Director of Finance Health Plan from July 2019 to 2021. Before joining Centene Corporation, Ms. Burgett held the
position of Controller at Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE: RSG) and Director of Accounting at Providence Service Corporation (Nasdaq: PRSC),
where she supported strategic growth initiatives and implemented process improvements to enhance financial transparency and operational
efficiency. Ms. Burgett earned her undergraduate degree in Accounting from the University of Phoenix and her Master of Business Administration
from Boise State University.

On
the CFO Commencement Date, the Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Ms. Burgett (the Employment Agreement).
Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Ms. Burgett is entitled to receive (i) compensation of $225,000 per year, (ii) an award of restricted
stock units (RSUs) with a value rounded to the equivalent of $25,000 at the time of the award within 120 days of the CFO
Commencement Date, (iii) an award of RSUs with a value rounded to the equivalent of $25,000 at the time of the award within 30 days of
each anniversary of the CFO Commencement Date, so long as Ms. Burgett continues to serve in the role of Chief Financial Officer, and
(iv) an annual performance bonus, which will be determined each year by the Compensation Committee of the Board and approved by the Board.
The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the complete text of the Employment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by
reference herein.

There
is no family relationship between Ms. Burgett and any other executive officer or director of the Company. There are no transactions in
which Ms. Burgett has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There is no arrangement or understanding
between Ms. Burgett and any other persons pursuant to which she was selected as Chief Financial Officer.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

A
copy of the Companys press release with respect to Ms. Burgetts appointment is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

The
information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including in Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is furnished and not
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or
otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such information shall not be incorporated by reference in another filing under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent such other filing specifically incorporates such information
by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement dated April 14, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated April 16, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 16, 2025 AGEAGLE AERIAL SYSTEMS INC.

By: /s/ William
Irby

Name: William Irby

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
Executive Employment Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between AGEAGLE AERIAL SYSTEMS, INC., a
Nevada corporation, on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries and other corporate affiliates (collectively referred to herein as the Company),
and ALISONBURGETT (Executive) (the Company and Executive are collectively referred to herein as the Parties)
as of April 14, 2025 (the Effective Date).

WHEREAS
the Company is engaged in the business of production and sales of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and related activities; and

WHEREAS
Executive has been employed by the Company as Controller since April 8, 2024, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Offer of Employment attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Offer); and

WHEREAS
Executive desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Company desires to employ Executive
on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements, promises, obligations, representations, restrictions and covenants contained herein
and in consideration of Executives employment by the Company, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged by the Company and the Executive, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Incorporation. The
foregoing recitals and any exhibits referred to herein and attached hereto are true and correct and are incorporated hereby this reference. 

2. Employment. In
exchange for the Compensation (as defined in Section 3 hereof) and subject to the other terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the
Company hereby employs Executive as the Chief Financial Officer beginning April 14, 2025 (CFO Commencement Date). Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that any employment of the Executive by the Company shall be at
will and may be terminated by either Party at any time and for any reason or no reason. Executive accepts such employment and
agrees to devote Executives full time to the Company business, including, but not limited to, the duties set forth in Exhibit
B. The Executive covenants, represents and warrants that Executive will, at all times, honestly and fairly conduct Executives
duties as set forth in this Section 2 and will at all times maintain the highest of professional standards in representing the interests
of the Company. Executive will comply with the Companys policies, decisions and instructions, which may be changed by the Company
over time. Further, the Executive shall keep records as directed by the Company and all records kept by the Executive relating to the
Companys business shall be the sole and absolute property of the Company.

3.
Compensation. Except for the RSUs already awarded to Executive, the compensation terms set forth in the Offer shall be
replaced by the terms set forth herein (the Compensation). 

a. Base
Annual Salary. Executive will be paid $225,000 per year, (which is Executives current salary effective February 1, 2025,
in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, including appropriate federal, state and local withholdings and taxes,
as required pursuant to any law or government regulation or ruling.

1

b. Position
Bonus RSU: Within one hundred twenty (120) days of the CFO Commencement Date, Executive will receive an award of RSUs, with a
value rounded to the equivalent of $25,000 at the time of the award, with the value determined at close of business on the day the award
is granted. Within thirty (30) days of each anniversary of the CFO Commencement Date, as long as the Executive shall continue in the
role of CFO, Executive shall be awarded a number of RSUs with a value rounded to the equivalent of $25,000 at the time of award, with
the value determined at close of business on the day the award is granted. The RSUs awarded shall vest immediately on the award date.
Vesting requires continued employment through the vesting date. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may adjust the award
value on an annual basis.

c. First
Year Performance Bonus Potential: Executive will be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus, which will be determined
each year by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board. The Performance Bonus is intended to be made up of cash and RSU awards
as follows: (i) Cash Performance Bonus component will be up to a maximum of 25% of Executives base salary and (ii) an amount of
RSUs with a value rounded up to a maximum of $50,000 at the time of award, with the value determined at close of business on the day
the award is approved by the Board, with 50% of the total RSU award to vest at the time of the award date and 50% of the original award
amount to vest one year after the award date. Eligibility for the First Year Performance. Bonus will follow completion of the remainder
of this (2025) calendar year of employment, with performance evaluated and Performance Bonus determination to occur no later than the
end of the first quarter following the calendar year for which performance is being reviewed. Payment of the Performance Bonus, once
awarded, will be made within sixty (60) days, although the Company may have the discretion to pay out over a longer time period, if financial
resources are limited. However, this will not prevent the Employee from receiving the full amount awarded, regardless of employment status.
The Performance Bonus is subject to continued employment with the Company through the end of the full calendar year for which the Cash
Performance Bonus is being awarded and, for RSU Performance Bonus, through the date when the vesting occurs.

i. Timing
of Performance Bonus. Except for First Year Performance Bonus, eligibility for the Performance Bonus will follow completion of
one full calendar year of employment (January 1- December 31), with performance evaluated and bonus determination to occur no later than
the end of the first quarter following the calendar year for which performance is being reviewed. The Performance Bonus is subject to
Executives continued employment with the Company through the end of the full calendar year for which the cash bonus is being awarded
and, for RSUs, through the date when the vesting occurs. Payment of the Performance Bonus, once awarded, will be made within sixty (60)
days, although the Company may have the discretion to pay out over a longer time period, if financial resources are limited. However,
this will not prevent the Employee from receiving the full amount awarded, regardless of employment status.

2

ii. Assessment
of Performance. The actual Performance Bonus amounts each year will be determined at the sole discretion of the Board based upon
an assessment of a combination of Executives achievement of designated personal goals and the Company reaching designated corporate
goals. Goals for a given calendar year will be established by the Board, in consultation with Executive.

The
Board, in its sole discretion, may revise Executives compensation package, at any time, in accordance with a reasonable business
purpose, including, but not limited to, review of Executives performance and of company performance. Generally, the Board shall
review Executives compensation within sixty (60) days of the end of each full calendar year of employment. Furthermore, all RSU
awards/grants will be adjusted for any stock splits that occur.

4. Benefits.
During the Term, as defined below, Executive shall be eligible to participate in and receive all benefits plans in effect from time to
time for employees of the Company. The Company reserves the right to suspend, amend or terminate any employee benefit plan or program
at any time.

5. Paid
Time Off and Holidays. Executive shall be entitled to paid time off and holidays in accordance with the Companys policy
in effect for all employees. Executive is expected to take such leave at times as Executive determines in her reasonable discretion not
to materially interfere with the Company business. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company shall have the discretion to modify
the policy as appropriate for the business. Executive shall give the company reasonable advance notice of such leave. Executive shall
accrue and receive full compensation and benefits during vacation leave periods in accordance with the appliable policies and/or plans
of the company. Unused vacation time shall not entitle Executive to any additional compensation.

6. Expense
Reimbursement. The Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by
Executive in the performance of her duties hereunder. Executive shall utilize the expense system (currently Concur) and
follow the expense reimbursement policy in effect at that time. Executive shall furnish the Company with evidence of such expenses as
required to comply with the reporting and reimbursement policies established by the company from time to time.

7.
Term and Termination. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect (the Term)
until terminated by either party in accordance with this Section 7. Either party may, at any time, terminate this Agreement, with or
without cause, and although Executives employment is at will, sixty (60) days prior written notice shall be given
to the other party. The company may, at its option in lieu of a full sixty (60) day notice, pay Executive for all or any part of such
notice period and terminate Executives employment hereunder immediately, except that if Executive is terminated by the Company,
for cause as defined in subparagraph (a) of this paragraph 7, no notice shall be required and no payment to Executive in lieu will be
required.

a. With
Cause. In addition, the Company may immediately terminate this Agreement upon any of the following events, with cause, without
notice:

i. Executive
shall have breached any of her material obligations under this Agreement, any other agreement with the Company or any of the Companys
policies as then in effect;

3

ii. Executive
shall have engaged in harassment of, or other illegal conduct with regard to, Companys other employees, contractors, representatives,
customers or vendors;

iii. Executives
negligence, neglect or disregard of duties in the performance of the Executives Duties or otherwise;

iv. Executive
shall have engaged in any illegal conduct or other wrongful conduct with respect to the Company;

v. Executives
commission of any act involving dishonesty or moral turpitude, including without limitations corporate theft, misappropriation of funds,
breach of duty, fraud, self-dealing or other intentional harm against the Company; or

vi. Executives
conviction of or pleading nolo contendere to any felony crime, other than traffic offenses.

b. Change
of Control. Change of Control shall include a sale of the outstanding equity securities or assets of the Company and/or all or
substantially all of its Subsidiaries by the holder(s) thereof to any Person (other than the company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate
of any of the foregoing) pursuant to which such Person, together with its Affiliates, directly or indirectly acquires (whether in one
or multiple transactions) or otherwise owns, (1) more than fifty-one percent (51%) of the outstanding equity securities of the Company
and/or all or substantially all of its Subsidiaries (whether by merger, consolidation, sale, transfer or otherwise), or (2) more than
fifty-one percent (51%) of the assets of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries. Change of Control shall allow Executive to qualify for
Severance as defined in Section 8 below, provided that Executive is terminated by the Company due to the Change of Control defined herein.

8. Severance.
In the event the Company terminates this Agreement for reasons other than those set forth under Section 7(a), Executive shall be eligible
to receive Severance Benefits as follows:

a. Salary
Component. If termination occurs for reasons qualifying Executive for Severance, under this Section 8, within the first two (2)
years of Executives employment (from CFO Commencement Date), Executive shall receive three (3) months of Executives base
salary; if termination occurs for reasons qualifying Executive for Severance, under this Section 8, after two (2) years of Executives
employment (from CFO Commencement Date), Executive shall receive four (4) months of Executives base salary.

4

b. Health
Plan COBRA Reimbursement. If termination occurs for reasons qualifying Executive for Severance, under this Section 8, within
the first two (2) years of Executives employment, (from CFO Commencement Date) Executive shall receive three (3) months of reimbursement
towards the cost of actual COBRA premiums paid by Executive; if termination occurs for reasons qualifying Executive for Severance, under
this Section 8, after two (2) years of Executives employment (from CFO Commencement Date), Executive shall receive four (4) months
of reimbursement towards the cost of actual COBRA premiums paid by Executive. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, should the Executive
be eligible for group health insurance benefits from another employer prior to the expiration of the three (3) or four (4) months reimbursement
set forth herein, such reimbursement shall terminate as of the date of Executives eligibility for such group health benefits.

c. Restricted
Stock Units. If termination occurs for reasons qualifying Executive for Severance, under this Section 8, any RSUs granted and
awarded to Executive which have not vested, prior to the date of termination, shall immediately vest upon the effective date of the Separation
Agreement described below.

Severance
Benefits as outlined in this Section 8 shall be contingent upon Executive signing (without revoking if such right is provided under applicable
law) a separation agreement and general release in a form provided to Executive by the Company on or about the date of Executives
termination of employment (the Separation Agreement). Severance Benefits shall also be contingent upon Executives professional
cooperation in the timely transfer, to the person(s) identified by the Board, of information/knowledge associated with Executives
duties. Executive shall not be entitled to Severance under this paragraph 8 should Executive resign from employment which shall
terminate this Agreement.

9. Representations
and Acknowledgements. Executive acknowledges and agrees that: (i) among the Companys most valuable and indispensable assets
are its Confidential Information and its close relationships with its Customers (defined below) and Suppliers (defined below, which includes,
without limitation, employees), which the Company has devoted and continues to devote a substantial amount of time, money and other resources
to develop; (ii) in connection with Executives employment with the Company, Executive will be exposed to and acquire the Companys
Confidential Information and develop, at the Companys expense and support, special and close relationships with the Companys
Customers and Suppliers; (iii) Executive would not be able to engage in the activities restricted by the provisions of Sections 11 through
13 without using or disclosing Confidential Information and trade secrets of the Company; (iv) the Companys Confidential Information
and close relationships with its Customers and Suppliers must be protected; (v) the Company is employing or continuing to employ Executive
only because of the promises and acknowledgements that Executive makes in this Agreement; (vi) to the extent required by law, the covenants
in this Agreement are reasonable and do not impose a greater restraint on Executive than is necessary to protect the Companys
Confidential Information, close relationships with its Customers and Suppliers, and other legitimate business interests; (vii) Executives
compliance with such covenants will not inhibit Executive from earning a living or from working in Executives chosen profession;
and (viii) any breach of such covenants will result in the Company being placed at an unfair competitive disadvantage and cause the Company
serious and irreparable harm to its business.

5

10. Confidentiality
and Disclosure of Information. In the course of Executives employment hereunder, Executive will receive, contribute to
the production of, become privy to the Companys Confidential Information (as hereinafter defined). Executive further understands
and acknowledges that this Confidential Information and the Companys ability to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use
of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure of the Confidential
Information by Executive will cause irreparable harm to the Company, for which remedies at law will not be adequate.

a. Non-Disclosure.
Executive agrees that during and in perpetuity after Executives employment by Company, Executive shall (i) hold in confidence
and treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate or make
available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated or made available, in whole or part, to any
entity or person whatsoever, except as required in the good faith performance of Executives duties to the Company or with the
prior consent of an authorized officer acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only
within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent); and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and not
to copy any documents, records, files, media or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents,
records, files, media or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the good faith performance
of Executives duties to the Company or with the prior consent of an authorized officer acting on behalf of the Company in each
instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent). Nothing herein
shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant
to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that the disclosure does not exceed
the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation or order. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Executive shall promptly
provide written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the Company after receiving such order, but in any event sufficiently
in advance of making any disclosure to permit the Company to contest the order or seek confidentiality protection, as determined in the
Companys sole discretion. Executive agrees that during Executives employment by Company and in perpetuity thereafter, Executive
shall hold in confidence and shall not directly or indirectly reveal report, publish, copy, duplicate, disclose, transfer or otherwise
misappropriate any Confidential Information to any person or entity, or utilize such Confidential Information for any purpose, except
within the course of Executives employment with Company.

b. No
Right to Retain. All notes, data, reference materials, sketches, drawings, memoranda, documentation and records in any form or
media in any way incorporating or reflecting any Confidential Information of Company shall belong exclusively to Company. Upon termination
of her employment for any reason, or at any time Company may request prior thereto, Executive shall immediately surrender and turn over
to Company any of Companys property whatsoever and all Confidential Information of Company, whether the same be in writing, print,
copy, audio or video tape, computer program or disc, picture, or any other medium whatsoever, and whether appearing in original documents,
summaries, excerpts, abstracts or other formats, and shall provide Company with all information necessary to access and use said Confidential
Information. Executive shall have no right to retain any originals or copies of the foregoing for any reason whatsoever after termination
of her employment hereunder without the express prior written consent of Company and, upon termination, Executive shall certify in writing
that she no longer possesses and has not distributed or retained any Confidential Information of Company or any of Companys property
whatsoever.

6

c. Exceptions.
Notwithstanding the terms of this Agreement, the obligation of Executive to protect the confidentiality of any Confidential Information
shall terminate as to any information or materials which: (i) are, or become, public knowledge through no act or failure to act of Executive
in violation of Executives obligations to the Company; (ii) are publicly disclosed by the proprietor thereof; (iii) are lawfully
obtained without obligations of confidentiality by Executive from a third party after reasonable inquiry regarding the authority of such
third party to possess and divulge the same; (iv) are independently developed by Executive from sources or through persons that Executive
can demonstrate had no access to Confidential Information; or (v) are lawfully known by Executive at the time of disclosure other than
by reason of discussions with or disclosures by Company. Executives confidentiality obligations set forth herein shall not be
interpreted or applied in a manner that would conflict with Executives rights, if any, under the NLRA, as defined and further
described in Section 18.

d. Confidential
Information Defined. As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information means information or material,
whether oral or written, that is proprietary to Company or designated (either expressly or by virtue of the manner in which such information
or material is traditionally treated in business settings) as confidential information by Company and not generally known by non-Company
personnel, which Executive may develop or which Executive may receive, obtain knowledge of or become privy to through or as a result
of Executives relationship with Company (including information conceived, originated, discovered or developed in whole or in part
by Executive). Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following types of information and other information
of a similar nature (whether or not reduced to writing): trade secrets, discoveries, ideas, concepts, software in various stages of development,
designs, drawings, specifications, techniques, models, data, source code, object code, documentation, diagrams, flow charts, research,
development, processes, procedures, know-how, marketing techniques and materials, marketing and development plans, names
of employees and information related to them, customer names, contacts, and other information related to customers, price lists, pricing
policies, and financial data, information and projections. Confidential Information also includes any information described
above which Company obtains from another party and which Company treats as proprietary or designates as Confidential Information,
whether or not owned or developed by Company. Information that is publicly known and that is generally employed by the trade or generic
information or knowledge which Executive would have learned in the course of similar work elsewhere in the trade is not intended to and
shall be deemed not to be a part of the Confidential Information.

e. Non-Exhaustive.
Executives understand that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that
is marked or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential
or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

7

f. Disclosure
of Trade Secrets Exception. Executive acknowledges that Executive has been notified in accordance with the federal Uniform Trade
Secrets Act (18 U.S. Code 1839) that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade
secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official,
either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation
of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Executive
also acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from reporting possible violations of law or
regulation to any governmental agency or regulatory body or making other disclosures that are protected under any law or regulation,
or from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental agency or regulatory body.

11. Agreement
Not to Solicit Customers. Executive agrees that during her employment by Company and for a period of eighteen (18) months following
termination of such employment for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall not, either directly or indirectly, on her own behalf or in
the service of or on behalf of others, actually or attempt to, (i) solicit, initiate contact with, call upon, or otherwise enter into
a relationship with any customers or actively sought prospective customers of Company with whom Executive had material contact during
her employment with Company or about which Executive obtained Confidential Information (collectively, Customers),
for the purpose of soliciting, selling, diverting to or otherwise providing products or services that are the same or similar to, or
otherwise compete with, those of the Company (collectively, Competitive Activities), including, without limitation,
engaging in the business of design, manufacture or sale of unmanned aerial aircraft technologies, unless agreed to in writing by both
parties; or (ii) solicit, induce, or cause any Customer to terminate, reduce or refrain from renewing or extending its contractual or
other business relationship with the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, material contact exists between Executive
and each Customer with whom Executive personally interacts on behalf of Company, whether such interaction is conducted in person, in
writing, by telephone or by other form of communication.

12. Agreement
Not to Solicit Employees and Independent Contractors. Executive agrees that during Executives employment by Company and
for a period of eighteen (18) months following termination of such employment for any reason, Executive will not, either directly or
indirectly, on Executives own behalf or in the service of, or on behalf of others, actively encourage or induce the voluntary
termination of, or recruit or hire, or attempt to recruit or hire, any person(s) then employed by or associated with Company as an employee
or, on an exclusive basis, an independent contractor, consultant or other supplier of goods or services to the Company (collectively,
Suppliers), whether or not such recruit or hire is a full-time, part-time or temporary employee, independent contractor
or consultant, and whether or not such employment or other engagement is for a determined period or is at-will, for the purpose of employment,
consultancy, or serving as an independent contractor for, directly or indirectly, any business entity which engages in the business of
design, manufacture and sale of unmanned aerial aircraft technologies.

8

13. Agreement
Not to Compete. Executive agrees that during Executives employment by Company and for a period of eighteen (18) months
following termination of such employment for any reason, Executive will not, either directly or indirectly, on Executives own
behalf or in the service of, or on behalf of others, actually or attempt to, engage in the business of providing products or services
that are the same or similar to, or otherwise compete with, those of the Company, including, without limitation, engaging in the business
of design, manufacture or sale of unmanned aerial aircraft technologies, within the Territory (as defined below). As used herein, Territory
means any state in the United States or any foreign country in which the Company is doing business or in which it is contemplating to
do business pursuant to a then current business plan.

14. Proprietary
Rights.

a. Work
Product. Executive agrees that all inventions, ideas, writings, works of authorship, technology, discoveries, copyrightable or
patentable subject matter, and other work product of any nature whatsoever that, in whole or in part, that are made, conceived, created,
prepared, produced, authored, edited or amended (i) through the use of any of the Companys Confidential Information or any of
the Companys equipment or facilities or (ii) by Executive, individually or jointly with others, during the period of Executives
employment by the Company and relating in any way to the business or contemplated business, research or development of the Company (regardless
of when or where the Work Product is prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same) and all printed, physical
and electronic copies, all improvements, rights and claims related to the foregoing, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively,
Work Product), as well as any and all rights in and to copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (and related goodwill),
mask works, patents and other intellectual property rights therein arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world and all related rights
of priority under international conventions with respect thereto, including all pending and future applications and registrations therefor,
and continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions and renewals thereof (collectively, Intellectual
Property Rights), shall belong exclusively to Company and shall be considered part of Confidential Information (as the case
may be) for purposes of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Company information,
including plans, publications, research, strategies, techniques, agreements, documents, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer
applications, software design, web design, work in process, databases, manuals, developments, reports, graphics, drawings, sketches,
market studies, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, inventions, unpublished
patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, specifications, customer information, customer
lists, manufacturing information, marketing and advertising information, and sales information.

b. Work
Product Protections. Company, its designees, and its assigns shall have the right to use and/or to apply for patents, copyrights
or other statutory or common law protections for such Work Product in any and all countries. Executive shall provide reasonable assistance
to Company (at Companys expense) to obtain and from time to time enforce patents, copyrights, and other statutory or common law
Intellectual Property Rights for such Work Product in any and all countries. To that end, Executive shall execute, during and after her
employment with Company, all documents reasonably related to the application, procurement, and enforcement of patents, copyrights, and
other statutory or common law protections, as the Company or its counsel may request, together with any assignments thereof to Company
or its designee.

9

c. Work
Made for Hire; Assignment. Executive acknowledges that, by reason of being engaged by the Company at the relevant times, to the
extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting of copyrightable subject matter is work made for hire as defined
in the Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. 101), and such copyrights are therefore owned by the Company. To the extent that the foregoing
does not apply, Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no additional consideration, Executives entire right,
title and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein, including the right to sue, counterclaim and
recover for all past, present and future infringement, misappropriation or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto throughout
the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the Companys rights, title or interest in
any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than that the Company would have had in the absence
of this Agreement.

d. Further
Assurances; Power of Attorney. During and after Executives employment by the Company, Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate
with the Company to (i) apply for, obtain, perfect and transfer to the Company the Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights in the
Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world; and (ii) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, executing
and delivering to the Company any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments and other documents and
instruments as shall be requested by the Company. Executive hereby irrevocably grants the Company power of attorney to execute and deliver
any such documents on Executives behalf in Executives name and to do all other lawfully issuance, prosecution and maintenance
of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law, if Executive does not promptly cooperate with the Companys
request (without limiting the rights the Company shall have in such circumstances by operation of law). The power of attorney is coupled
with an interest and shall not be affected by Executives subsequent incapacity.

e. Moral
Rights. To the extent any copyrights are assigned under this Agreement, Executive hereby irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, all claims Executive may now or hereafter have in any jurisdiction to all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure
and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as moral rights with respect to all Work Product and all Intellectual
Property Rights therein.

f. No
License. Executive understands that this Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, grant Executive any license or right
of any nature with respect to any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software or
other tools made available to Executive by the Company.

10

g. No
infringement. Executive represents and warrants to the Company that all Work Product Executive delivers to the Company shall
be original and shall not infringe upon or violate any patent, copyright or proprietary right of any person or third party.

h. License
to Prior Invention. If Executive in the course of Executives employment for the Company incorporates into a Company product
Work Product that Executive has, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed or reduced to practice prior to the commencement
of Executives employment with the Company in which Executive has a property right (each, a Prior Invention),
Executive hereby grants to the Company a perpetual, nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide license (with the full right to
sublicense) to make, have made, modify, use and sell such Prior Invention. Executive hereby represents and warrants that all Prior Inventions
have been listed by Executive on Exhibit B hereto or, if no such list is attached, that there are no Prior Inventions. Executive will
not incorporate any Work Product owned by any third party into any Company Work Product without the Companys prior written permission.

i. License
to Information and Likeness. The Company shall have the right, but not the obligations, to use Executives name, photograph,
likeness and approved biographical data for the purpose of advertising, marketing, promoting, publicizing and exploiting any matter related
to the Company, its products and services and/or Executives duties performed hereunder.

j. Severability.
To the extent this Agreement is required to be construed in accordance with laws of any state which precludes as a requirement in an
Executive agreement the assignment of certain classes of inventions made by an Executive, this Section 14 will be interpreted not to
apply to any invention which a court rules and/or the Company agrees falls within such classes.

15. Conflicts
of Interest. During the term of her employment Executive shall not engage in activities or practices involving any possible
conflict of interest. These activities or practices may subject Executive to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment. Executive should avoid at all times the appearance of, as well as an actual, conflict of interest.

a. Conflicts
Defined. Conflicts of interest activities or practices include, but are not limited to: engaging in business conduct that is
damaging to the reputation of the Company, accepting outside employment in any organization that does business with the Company or is
a competitor of the Company, investing or having a financial interest in a private company which does business with the Company or having
stock ownership in a publicly traded company which does business with the Company if the relationship(s) may influence Executives
business decisions (this applies to Executive and to close relatives and is applicable at the time of hire and at any time during the
course of employment). If an individual does own stock in a company that does business with the Company, the relationship should be disclosed
upon employment and all significant business dealings with that company will be reviewed.

11

b. Gifts.
Executive may not accept gifts from any person or company doing or seeking to do business with the Company. Executives are allowed
to accept advertising novelties and other gifts of nominal value.

c. Offers
of Items of Value. Executive may not give, offer, or promise, directly or indirectly, anything of value to any representative
of any company doing business with the Company.

d. Selection
of Vendors. Executive may not select vendors on the basis of anything other than the merit of their products or services or prices
for such products or services.

e. Media
Contact. Discussing company information with the press without prior authorization from management is also a conflict of interest.

16. Security
and Access. Executive agrees and covenants (i) to comply with all Company security policies and procedures as in force from time
to time including without limitation those regarding computer equipment, telephone systems, voicemail systems, facilities access, monitoring,
key cards, access codes, Company intranet, internet, social media and instant messaging systems, computer systems, e-mail systems, computer
networks, document storage systems, software, data security, encryption, firewalls, passwords and any and all other Company facilities,
IT resources and communication technologies (Facilities and Information Technology Resources); (ii) not to access
or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources except as authorized by Company; and (iii) not to access or use any Facilities
and Information Technology Resources in any manner after the termination of Executives employment by the Company, whether termination
is voluntary or involuntary. Executive agrees to notify the Company promptly in the event Executive learns of any violation of the foregoing
by others, or of any other misappropriation or unauthorized access, use, reproduction or reverse engineering of, or tampering with any
Facilities and Information Technology Resources or other Company property or materials by others.

a. Company
Property. Executive acknowledges and agrees that any property situated on the Companys premises and owned by the Company,
including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets, other work areas and other Facilities and Information Technology Resources,
is subject to inspection by personnel of the Company at any time with or without notice. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive
has no expectation of privacy with respect to the Companys Facilities and Information Technology Resources and that Executives
activity and any files or messages on or using any of such Facilities and Information Technology Resources may be monitored at any time
without notice.

12

b. Exit
Obligations. Upon (i) voluntary or involuntary termination of Executives employment or (ii) the Companys request
at any time during Executives employment, Executive shall (a) provide or return to the Company any and all Company property, including
keys, key cards, access cards, identification cards, security devices, Company credit cards, network access devices, computers, cell
phones, smartphones, equipment, manuals, reports, files, books, compilations, work product, e-mail messages, recordings, tapes, disks,
thumb drives or other removable information storage devices, hard drives and data and all Company documents and materials belonging to
the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information or
Work Product, that are in the possession or control of Executive, whether they were provided to Executive by the Company or any of its
business associates or created by Executive in connection with Executives employment by the Company; and (b) delete or destroy
all copies of any such documents and materials following return to the Company that remain in Executives possession or control,
including those stored on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations and media in Executives possession or control.

17. Non-disparagement.
Executive agrees and covenants that Executive will not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any
public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, statements or gestures concerning the Companys products or services,
and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors and other associated third parties, or make any maliciously false statements
about the Companys employees and officers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 17 shall not be interpreted or applied
in a manner that would conflict with Executives rights, if any, under the NLRA, as defined and described in Section 18.
Further, this Section does not apply to (i) truthful statements made in connection with legal proceedings, governmental and regulatory
investigations and actions; (ii) any other truthful statement or disclosure required by law; or (iii) good faith intra-Company communications
made for legitimate business reasons.

18. NLRA
Compliance. It is the policy of the Company to comply with the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), including
without limitation, Section 7 thereof. Thus, to the extent Executive is covered by the NLRA, nothing herein, or in any other the agreement
between Executive and the Company or Company policy, shall prohibit Executive together with other Company employees from (i) self-organizing,
forming joining or assisting labor organizations; (ii) bargaining collectively through representatives of their own choosing; (iii) discussing
wages, hours, working conditions, other labor policies or unionism or for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or
protection; or (iv) posting pictures or videos of employees engaged in such activities or other activities involving collective bargaining
or other mutual aid or protection. However, the Company has an open door policy and encourages employees to address such
matters instead with their supervisors or a member of management.

19. Remedies.
Executive acknowledges that the Companys Confidential Information and the Companys ability to reserve it for the exclusive
knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure
of the Confidential Information by Executive, or any other material breach of Executives promises and covenants herein, will cause
irreparable harm to the Company, for which remedies at law will not be adequate. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive
of any of the provisions of this Agreement, Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to, in addition to
other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from
any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that monetary damages would not afford an
adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition
to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. Additionally, each of the covenants and restrictions
to which Executive is subject under this Agreement, including, without limitation those in Sections 11 through 13, shall each be construed
as independent of any other provision in this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and the Company, and the existence of
any claim or cause of action by Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute
a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants and restrictions.

13

20. Goodwill,
Loyalty and No Conflict.

a. Goodwill.
The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company provides the opportunities and the resources for the Executive to initiate,
establish, develop and/or enhance contacts and relationships within the business of the Company. Further, the Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the Company will provide immediate and continuing access to Confidential Information as may be appropriate. All goodwill
and other benefits (collectively, the Goodwill) derived from such efforts described in this paragraph shall inure solely
to the benefit of the Company. The Executive recognizes that the Goodwill is a valuable asset of the Company. The Executive acknowledges
that, in exchange for the covenant and considerations described herein (including, without limitation, the disclosure and access to Confidential
Information described in this Agreement), the Executive agrees to comply with the Restrictive Covenants and to refrain from using the
Goodwill for the benefit of any other person or entity other than for the benefit of the Company and in furtherance of the Executives
employment duties.

b. Duty
of Loyalty. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive is a fiduciary of the Company and owes a duty of loyalty to the Company.
The Executive hereby acknowledges that such duty of loyalty is a contractual duty, the breach of which will subject the Executive to
liability to the Company, including without limitation, the Companys attorneys fees and costs, if the company pursues any
claim arising from such breach.

c. No
Conflict. Executive represents and warrants to the Company that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by the Executive does not and will not conflict with, beach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order,
judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which the Executive is bound, (ii) Executive is not a party to or bound by an
employment agreement or non-compete which would be breached by the Executives execution of this Agreement or performance of the
obligations of the Executive set forth herein, and (iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive, this Agreement
shall be the valid and binding obligation of the Executive, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

21. Successors
and Assigns.

a.
Assignment by the Company. The Company may assign this Agreement to any subsidiary or corporate affiliate, or to any successor
or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

14

b.
No Assignment by Executive. Executive may not assign this Agreement or any part hereof. Any purported assignment by Executive
shall be null and void from the initial date of purported assignment.

22. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction and Venue; Jury Waiver. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Kansas without regard to conflicts-of-law principles. Any action or proceeding by either Party against the other Party,
including, without limitation, to enforce this Agreement or otherwise relating to or arising out of Executives employment with
the Company (or the termination thereof), shall be brought only in any state or federal court located in or closest to Sedgwick County.
The Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. Executive and the Company each hereby waive the right to trial by jury in
any such court action or proceeding between them, regardless of the subject matter, including, without limitation, any action or proceeding
based upon, arising out of, or in any way relating to this Agreement and all matters concerning Executives employment (or the
termination thereof) with the Company.

23. Entire
Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all the understandings and representations between Executive
and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations
and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

24. Modification
and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing
and signed by Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either of the Parties of
any breach by the other Party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other Party hereto shall
be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure
of or delay by either of the Parties in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege.

25. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any
portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder
of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the Parties with any such modification to become a part hereof
and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement. The Parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to
modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its
entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to
this Agreement or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the Parties as embodied
herein to the maximum extent permitted by law. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding
upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof,
and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal
or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein.

15

26. Captions.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this
Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

27. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Photographic copies, electronically scanned copies and other facsimiles of this Agreement (including
such signed counterparts) may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose.

28. At-Will
Employment; No Oral Agreements. As previously set forth in Section 2, the Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that this
Agreement does not affect the ability of either party to terminate their employment relationship, which relationship, unless otherwise
agreed to in writing signed by an officer of the Company, may be terminated at any time, for any or no reason. No supervisor, manager
or other Company representative has the authority to make any verbal promises, commitments, or statements of any kind regarding the Companys
policies, procedures or any other issues that are legally binding on the Company.

EXECUTIVE
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SHE HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT AND AGREES THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE
NECESSARY FOR THE REASONABLE AND PROPER PROTECTION OF THE COMPANYS BUSINESS. EXECUTIVE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMPANY HAS
ADVISED HER THAT SHE IS ENTITLED TO HAVE THIS AGREEMENT REVIEWED BY AN ATTORNEY OF HER SELECTION PRIOR TO SIGNING, AND SHE HAS EITHER
DONE SO OR ELECTED TO FOREGO THAT RIGHT.

Signatures
on Next Page

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date above.

COMPANY: AGEAGLE AERIAL SYSTEMS, INC.

By: 

/s/
William Irby 

Name: William
Irby 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE: ALISON BURGETT 

Signature: /s/
Alison Burgett 

Print Name: Alison
Burgett 

17

EXHIBIT
A

OFFER
OF EMPLOYMENT 

EXHIBIT
B

EXECUTIVE
DUTIES

Financial
Planning and Analysis:

Develop
and implement financial planning processes, including budgeting, forecasting, and financial
modeling.

Monitor
business performance with tracking tools, establish corrective measures as needed.

Provide
analysis and insights to the Executive Leadership Team on financial performance, identify
areas for improvement, and recommend strategies to achieve financial targets.

Conduct
regular financial reviews and prepare reports for the executive team and investors.

Maintain
and update the existing accounting policies, processes, and control environment in accordance
with US GAAP to ensure compliance with SOX and other regulatory requirements.

Cash
Flow Management:

Monitor
cash flow projections and banking relationships and ensure the availability of funds for
ongoing operations and strategic initiatives.

Optimize
cash management processes, including receivables, payables, and working capital management.

Determine
annual operating, capital and departmental budgets and forecasts and work with all parties
to maintain throughout the year.

Implement
strategies to mitigate financial risks and ensure compliance with financial regulations.

Financial
Reporting:

Oversee
the preparation of accurate and timely financial statements, including income statements,
balance sheets, cash flow statements, and annual returns.

Ensure
compliance with accounting principles and regulatory requirements, including Form 10-K/Q,
Form 8-K and Section 16 reporting.

Present
financial reports to the executive team, board of directors, and external stakeholders.

Work
with outside tax and accounting firms to prepare necessary reporting statements for taxes
and financial partners.

Lead
the engagement with external auditors in support of annual audits, quarterly financial reviews,
and internal controls testing.

Fundraising
and Investor Relations:

Collaborate
with the executive team to develop fundraising strategies and support the fundraising process.

Engage
with investors, prepare financial presentations, and provide accurate financial information
to potential investors.

Maintain
strong relationships with existing investors and communicate regularly on financial performance
and strategic initiatives.

Risk
Management:

Identify
and assess financial risks, including market, operational, and regulatory risks.

Develop
risk mitigation strategies and implement internal controls to safeguard company assets.

Stay
up to date with industry trends and changes in financial regulations that may impact the
business.

Finance
and Accounting Department Leadership and Development:

Build
and lead a high-performing finance team, including hiring, training, and mentoring.

Foster
a collaborative and results-driven culture within the finance department.

Provide
guidance and support to other departments on financial matters.

Enhance,
implement, and enforce policies and procedures that will improve the overall operation and
effectiveness of the accounting and finance department.

Executes
other duties as assigned by the CEO

EXHIBIT
C

LIST
OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP

Title Date Identifying
Number or Brief Description
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

AgEagle
Aerial Systems Announces Appointment of Alison Burgett as Chief Financial Officer

Proven
financial leader brings over 20 years of senior management experience navigating a multitude of public companies to fiscal responsibility
and shareholder value creation

WICHITA,
Kan., April 16, 2025 AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. (NYSE: UAVS) (AgEagle or the Company), a leading
provider of best-in-class unmanned aerial systems (UAS) and sensors for military, public safety, and commercial use, announces the appointment
of Alison Burgett, as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of AgEagle, effective April 14, 2025. Ms. Burgett brings more than twenty years of
financial, operational and regulatory experience with exchange listed companies and will be instrumental in helping guide the Company
through its next phase of growth.

AgEagle
CEO Bill Irby commented, Alison has been a vital part of AgEagles leadership team in her role as Controller, where she
has already demonstrated exceptional financial discipline, strategic insight, and a deep understanding of our business. Her promotion
to CFO is a natural progression that reflects both her strong performance and the confidence we have in her ability to lead our financial
strategy moving forward. As we continue to execute on our growth initiatives and expand our market presence, Alisons leadership
will be instrumental in driving operational efficiency, strengthening our financial infrastructure, and delivering long-term value to
our shareholders.

With
its cutting-edge technology, strong market position, and dedicated leadership team, AgEagle is uniquely positioned to drive meaningful
innovation and expand its footprint in the rapidly growing drone technology sector, said Ms. Burgett. I look forward to
leveraging my experience in corporate finance, strategic planning, and operational efficiency to support AgEagles long-term vision.
By implementing sound financial strategies and fostering disciplined growth, we will further solidify AgEagles role as a leader
in aerial intelligence solutions.

Ms.
Burgett has served as Controller of AgEagle since April 2024. In this capacity, she was responsible for overseeing the Companys
financial reporting, internal controls, budgeting, and compliance with regulatory standards, including SEC and GAAP requirements.

Prior
to joining AgEagle, Ms. Burgett held key finance leadership roles over her tenure at Cente Corporation. Before joining Cente Corporation,
Ms. Burgett held the position of Controller at Republic Services, Inc. and Director of Accounting at Providence Service Corporation where
she supported strategic growth initiatives and implemented process improvements to enhance financial transparency and operational efficiency.
She earned her undergraduate degree in Accounting from the University of Phoenix and her Master of Business Administration from Boise
State University. Her expertise in corporate finance and regulatory compliance plays a vital role in supporting AgEagles financial
integrity and long-term growth.

The Company wishes to thank Ms. Adrienne Anderson for her interim CFO services and contributions to AgEagle and wishes her success
in her future endeavors. 

About
AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.

Through
its three Centers of Excellence, AgEagle is actively engaged in designing and delivering best-in-class flight hardware, sensors and software
that solve important problems for its customers. Founded in 2010, AgEagle was originally formed to pioneer proprietary, professional-grade,
fixed-winged drones and aerial imagery-based data collection and analytics solutions for the agriculture industry. Today, AgEagle is
a leading provider of full stack UAS, sensors and software solutions for customers worldwide in the energy, construction, agriculture,
and government verticals. For additional information, please visit our website at www.ageagle.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Certain
statements in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained in this press release are forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate,
believe, contemplate, could, estimate, expect, intend,
seek, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project,
suggest, target, aim, should, will, would, or the
negative of these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking
statements are based on AgEagles current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and assumptions that are
difficult to predict, including risks related to the timing and fulfilment of current and future purchase orders relating to AgEagles
products, the success of new programs, the ability to implement a new strategic plan and the success of a new strategic plan. Further,
certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. For a further discussion
of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well
as risks relating to the business of AgEagle in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AgEagle for the
year ended December 31, 2024, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by AgEagle. All such
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and AgEagle undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

AgEagle
Aerial Systems Contacts

Investor
Relations:

Email:
UAVS@ageagle.com

Media:

Email:
media@ageagle.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>uavs-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>uavs-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>uavs-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36492

Entity Registrant Name AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000008504

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0422242

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 8201
E. 34th Cir N

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1307

Entity Address, City or Town Wichita

Entity Address, State or Province KS

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 67226

City Area Code (620)

Local Phone Number 325-6363

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol UAVS

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ageagle.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
uavs-20250414.xsd 
uavs-20250414_lab.xml 
uavs-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005089-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000008504 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000008504 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
AGEAGLE AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. 
NV 
001-36492 
88-0422242 
8201 E. 34th Cir N 
Suite 1307 
Wichita 
KS 
67226 
(620) 
325-6363 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
UAVS 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>