<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003415.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003415.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123164433
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003415
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOUSTON AMERICAN ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				760675953
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32955
		FILM NUMBER:		25550681

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 TRAVIS STREET, SUITE 1425
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132226966

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 TRAVIS STREET SUITE 1425
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000115604100011560412025-01-232025-01-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 23, 2025 (January 22, 2025)

HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-32955 76-0675953

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

801
Travis Street, Suite 1425

Houston,
Texas 77002

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(713)222-6966

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Trading
Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, Par value $0.001 HUSA NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities
Purchase Agreement for Registered Direct Offering

On
January 22, 2025, Houston American Energy Corp. (the Company) entered in a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement) with certain purchasers identified therein, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell 2,600,000
shares of the Companys common stock (the Offering Shares) at a purchase price of $1.70 per share in a registered
direct offering (the Offering). The Company received approximately $4.42 million in gross proceeds from the Offering, before
deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses.

The
Offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration File No. 333- 282778), which was filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 22, 2024, and amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, which
was filed with the Commission on October 31, 2024, and became effective on November 4, 2024. A prospectus supplement relating to the
Offering was filed with the Commission on January 22, 2025.

The
Offering closed on January 23, 2025. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes, which
may include among other things, capital expenditures and working capital. The Company may also use such proceeds to fund acquisitions
of businesses that complement the Companys current business; however, the Company has no present plans, agreements or commitments
with respect to any potential acquisition.

The
Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and other agreements by the Company and the
Noteholders. The foregoing description of the Securities Purchase Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Securities Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
by reference in this Item 1.01.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K is not an offer to sell any securities of the Company and is not soliciting an offer to buy such securities
in any state where such offer and sale is not permitted.

Placement
Agency Agreement

On
January 22, 2025, the Company entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with Univest Securities,
LLC to act as the sole placement agent (the Placement Agent) in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the Placement
Agency Agreement, the Placement Agent is entitled to a fee equal to an aggregate of 8% of the proceeds received by the Company in the
Offering and reimbursement of the Placements reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable fees, costs
and disbursement of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $50,000.

The
net proceeds of the Offering are estimated to be approximately $3,897,200, after deducting the Placement Agents fees and other
estimated offering expenses.

The
Placement Agency Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and other agreements by the Company and the Placement
Agent. The foregoing description of the Placement Agency Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the Placement Agency Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
herein by reference.

A
copy of the opinion and consent of Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP, as legal counsel to the Company, regarding the legality of the issuance
and sale of the Offering Shares is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1 and Exhibit 23.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
January 22, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the launch of the Offering. The full
text of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1, and is incorporated herein by reference.

In
accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including
Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by reference in such a filing. Furthermore,
the furnishing of information under Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is not intended to constitute a determination by the
Company that the information contained herein, including the exhibits hereto, is material or that the dissemination of such information
is required by Regulation FD.

Forward-Looking
Information

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believe, may, estimate,
continue, anticipate, intend, should, could, would,
target, seek, aim, predicts, think, objectives, optimistic,
new, goal, strategy, potential, is likely, will,
expect, plan project, permit or by other similar expressions that convey uncertainty
of future events or outcomes. Such forward-looking statements reflect the views of management at the time such statements are made. These
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include but are
not limited to: reduction in the size or quantity of customer orders; change in demand for our products due to industry conditions; changes
in the world economy; the negative effects of seasonality; the impact of any pandemic or similar events on our business and financial
results; and other risks and uncertainties described more fully in our documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for
the quarters ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. More information about these and other risks that may impact
our business are set forth in the Risk Factors section of our quarterly and annual reports on file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. All forward-looking statements
in this Current Report on Form 8-K are based upon information available to us as of the date hereof, and qualified in their entirety
by this cautionary statement. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason
after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP.

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 22, 2025, between Houston American Energy Corp. and the purchasers thereto.

10.2 Placement Agency Agreement dated January 22, 2025, between Univest Securities, LLC and Houston American Energy Corp.

23.1 Consent of Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press Release dated January 22, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

Date:
January 23, 2025 By: /s/
Peter Longo

Name: Peter
Longo

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

January
23, 2025 

Norton
Rose Fulbright

1550
Lamar, Suite 2000

Houston, Texas 77010-4106

United States

Houston
American Energy Corp.

801
Travis Street, Suite 1425

Houston, TX 77002 Tel
+1 713 651 5557

Fax +1 713 651 5246

nortonrosefulbright.com

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as special counsel to Houston American Energy Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in
connection with its entry into to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 22, 2025 (the SPA), between
the Company and the purchasers indicated therein (Purchasers), and its related issuance of 2,600,000 shares
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), to Purchasers pursuant to the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282778) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto,
which includes a base prospectus and was declared effective on November 4, 2024 (the Registration Statement),
and the prospectus supplement dated January 23, 2025, relating to the offering of the Shares and filed with the Commission (the Prospectus
Supplement), in each case, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

In
connection with the opinion expressed herein, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction,
of such documents, corporate records, and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of our opinion,
including: (i) the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and all amendments thereto; (ii) the Companys Amended and Restated
Bylaws; (iii) the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplements; (iv) the SPA; (v) the applicable resolutions or consents in lieu
of resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors; and (vi) certificates of officers of the Company with respect to certain facts
material to the opinion contained herein.

Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP is a limited liability partnership registered under the laws of Texas.

Norton
Rose Fulbright US LLP, Norton Rose Fulbright LLP, Norton Rose Fulbright Australia, Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP and Norton Rose Fulbright
South Africa Inc are separate legal entities and all of them are members of Norton Rose Fulbright Verein, a Swiss verein. Norton Rose
Fulbright Verein helps coordinate the activities of the members but does not itself provide legal services to clients. Details of each
entity, with certain regulatory information, are available at nortonrosefulbright.com.

Houston
American Energy Corp. 

January
23, 2025 

Page
2 

For
the purposes of expressing the opinion hereinafter set forth, we have assumed: (1) the genuineness of all signatures and documents examined
by us; (2) the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals; (3) the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted
to us as copies; (4) the correctness and accuracy of all facts set forth in the documents referred to in this opinion letter; and (5)
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act will not have been terminated or rescinded.

Based
on the foregoing and subject to the further limitations, qualifications, and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that
the Shares, when issued against payment therefor in accordance with the SPA, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.

Our
opinion herein is limited in all respects to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which includes those statutory provisions
as well as all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and the reported judicial decisions interpreting such laws, and the
federal laws of the United States of America, and we do not express any opinion as to the applicability of or the effect thereon of the
laws of any other jurisdiction. We express no opinion as to any matter other than as set forth herein, and no opinion may be inferred
or implied herefrom.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K and
to the reference to our firm contained in the Registration Statement and in the Prospectus Supplements under the heading Legal
Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are included in the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very
truly yours, 

/s/
Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP 

NORTON
ROSE FULBRIGHT US LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 22, 2025, between Houston American Energy
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each,
including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading Day
following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day
that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Closing
Statement means the Closing Statement in the form on Annex A attached hereto.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP, with offices located at _____________.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued hereunder, and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and
carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers,
and 10% stockholders of the Company, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $1.70, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Univest Securities, LLC.

3

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-282778 which registers the sale of the Shares
to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Shares, which
was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds.

4

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Standard Transfer Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 440 E 400 S, Salt
Lake City, UT 84111 and an email address of info@standardtransferco.com , and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

5

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $4,420,000_______ of Shares. Each Purchasers Subscription
Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment
settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares as determined pursuant
to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely or such other location
as the parties shall mutually agree take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed
by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e.,
on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer
Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent
shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent
(or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after
the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior
to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares
to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser
shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally
bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement
Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided
further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser
as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any
such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any
such sale, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature
pages attached hereto, the number of Shares purchased by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all
other shares of Common Stock owned by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning
(as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock
outstanding at the Closing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to
the extent it would otherwise exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the
issuance of Shares at the Closing to the other Purchasers signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership
of the Shares would otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall
automatically be reduced as necessary in order to comply with this paragraph.

6

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agent and the Purchasers;

(iii)
subject to the last sentence of Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions,
on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv)
a certificate executed by the Companys Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of the date of Closing, in form and substance
reasonable acceptable to the Purchasers and Placement Agent;

(v)
a Secretarys certificate executed by the secretary or an officer of the Company, dated as of the date of Closing, certifying to
the organizational documents of the Company, good standing in the jurisdiction of formation of the Company and board resolutions authorizing
the offering of the Shares, in form and substance reasonable acceptable to the Purchasers and Placement Agent;

7

(vi)
a certificate of signed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated, as applicable, as of the date of such Closing, to the effect
that, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein
and in the Purchase Agreement were and are accurate in all material respects, except for such changes as are contemplated by this Agreement
and except as to representations and warranties that were expressly limited to a state of facts existing at a time prior to the applicable
Closing Date, and that, as of the applicable date, the obligations to be performed by the Company hereunder on or prior thereto have
been fully performed in all material respects.

(vii)
on the date hereof, the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(viii)
the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

8

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding
section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

9

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

10

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv)
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the
Securities Act, which became effective on November 14, 2024 (the Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and
such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective
under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or
preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to
the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission,
shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto
became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed
and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued
and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and
will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration
Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements
with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior
to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

11

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act,
other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of
Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Shares and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there
are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for
or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of
the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board
of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the
Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

12

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and
regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event,
liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that
would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made
that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

13

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) could,
if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability
under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company,
there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or
officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

15

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

16

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will
not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities
Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

17

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue
to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to
the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Shares and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers
regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure
Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

18

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

19

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement
or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by
the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing
or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company
or to hold the Shares for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement
transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties
in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short
position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more
Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Shares are outstanding, and (z) such hedging
activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time
that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

20

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of
the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Shares.

(hh)
[Reserved]

(ii)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

21

(jj)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without
limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice
of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and
(iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its
subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy
Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph,
social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally
identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR;
and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures
made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy
Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(kk)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

22

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect
arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Shares (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

23

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Shares nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Shares and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the
Shares to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such
Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

24

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
[Reserved]

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns Shares, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions
in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Shares Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless
shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

25

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that
each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and
neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect
to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser
in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except
(a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

26

4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Shares hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the
Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices),
(b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in
violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations made by a Purchaser Party in
this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

27

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further
agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application
all of the Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under
the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of
fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until 30 days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement
to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration
statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement, the filing of any amendment or supplement to an existing
registration statement for an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent, or filing a registration
statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

28

(b)
From the date hereof until 60 days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities
at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether
such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude
any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release
as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby
separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set
forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement.

29

4.14
Capital Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock
split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the
Shares other than a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the
listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.

4.15
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

4.16
Voting Agreement. Each Purchaser hereby agrees that in the event the Company holds a shareholder meeting while such Purchaser holds
Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser will vote all Common Stock then held by the Purchaser in the manner proposed
by the Companys board of directors for any matters presented for a vote of the Companys shareholders at any such meeting,
subject to compliance with such Purchasers internal policies on voting proxies.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

30

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on
the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1%
in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Shares and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Shares, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

31

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

32

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

33

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

34

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Houston
American Energy Corp. Address
for Notice: 801 Travis, Suite 1425, Houston TX 77002 

By: /s/
Peter Longo E-Mail:
[***] 

Name: Peter
Longo 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

35

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO HUSA SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Shares to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

EIN
Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be
an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or
the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

36

EXHIBIT
A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement 

See
attached.

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

January
22, 2025

Univest
Securities, LLC

75
Rockefeller Plaza, Suite 18C

New
York, NY, 10019

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter (the Agreement) constitutes the agreement by and between Univest Securities, LLC (Univest
or the Placement Agent) and Houston American Energy Corp. a Delaware corporation (the Company),
pursuant to which the Placement Agent shall serve as the placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts
basis, in connection with the proposed placements (the Placements) via a registered direct offering of common stock,
par value $0.001 (Common Stock), of the Company (the Securities). The terms of the Placements
and the Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively,
the Purchasers) and nothing herein shall be deemed to mean that the Placement Agent would have the power or authority
to bind the Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placements. This Agreement
and the documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the Placements, including but not limited
to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents.
The date of the closing of the Placements shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly
acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the
execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the
successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other
financing on behalf of the Company. Following the prior written consent of the Company, the Placement Agent may retain other brokers
or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placements. The sale of the Securities to any
Purchaser will be evidenced by a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) between the Company and
such Purchaser in a form mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Placement Agent. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, executive officers
of the Company will be available upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in the event that the Placement Agent determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder do not
comply with a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) rule, including but not limited to FINRA Rule 5110,
then the Company shall agree to amend this Agreement in writing upon the request of the Placement Agent to comply with any such rules;
provided that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company than the terms of this Agreement
or terms are adverse to the Company.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Securities pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282778) (the Registration
Statement) with the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations
between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a best efforts basis and the
Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in
the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to
underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely
as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any
prospective offer to purchase Securities and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject
any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of,
the Securities shall be made at one closing (the Closing and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing
Date). As compensation for services rendered, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the following:

(i)
a cash fee equal to eight percent (8%) of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities (the Cash
Fee); and

(ii)
reimbursement of the Placement Agents all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees, costs,
and disbursements of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $50,000.

(b)
The term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement shall begin on the date hereof and continue until the earlier of (i) the
Closing Date (the Exclusive Term), and (ii) the date the Placement Agent or the Company terminates the engagement
according to the terms of the next sentence (such date, the Termination Date and the period of time during which
this Agreement remains in effect is referred to herein as the Term). The engagement may be terminated at any time
by either party hereto upon seven (7) days written notice to the other party, effective upon receipt of written notice to that effect
by the other party. Unless otherwise provided under this Agreement, the provisions concerning the Companys obligation to pay any
fees actually earned pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof and to pay or reimburse the Placement Agent for any expenses incurred in
accordance with Section 6 hereof, the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions, and the provisions
concerning indemnification and contribution contained herein will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason.
All fees and expense payments or reimbursements due to the Placement Agent shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent on or
before the Termination Date (in the event such fees and expenses are earned or owed as of the Termination Date). Furthermore, the Company
agrees that during the Placement Agents engagement hereunder, all inquiries from prospective U.S. Investors with respect to the
Offering will be referred to the Placement Agent. Additionally, except as set forth hereunder or otherwise disclosed to the Placement
Agent in writing, the Company represents, warrants and covenants that no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other third-party with respect to the Offering.

The
services provided by the Placement Agent hereunder are solely for the benefit of the Company and are not intended to confer any rights
upon any persons or entities not a party hereto (including, without limitation, security holders, employees or creditors of the Company)
as against the Placement Agent or its directors, officers, agents and employees.

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that
the following is true and correct as of the date hereof, and will be true and correct as of the Closing Date, and covenants and agrees
as follows:

(a)
Securities Law Filings. The Company has prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282778) for the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), of the Securities, which registration statement became effective on November 4, 2024. At the time of such filing, the
Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. Such registration statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule
415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act and complies with said Rule. The Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated
thereunder, a supplement to the form of prospectus included in such registration statement relating to the placement of the Securities
and the plan of distribution thereof and has advised the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect
to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration statement, including the exhibits thereto, as amended at the date
of this Agreement, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears
in the Registration Statement is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the supplemented form of prospectus,
in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented)
is hereinafter called the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein
(the Incorporated Documents) pursuant to Item 6 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed
to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the
Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this
Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules
and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the
Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the
Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated
or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, Free Writing Prospectus
has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(b)
Assurances. The Registration Statement, as amended, (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits
and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the
time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, complies
or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the SEC, conformed in all material respects
to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents,
when they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental
change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the SEC. Except for this Agreement and the Transaction Documents,
there are no documents required to be filed with the SEC in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been
filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents, there are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed
as required.

(c)
Offering Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute,
prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Time of Sale
Disclosure Package.

(d)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company (the Subsidiaries) are set forth
in the Registration Statement. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary
free and clear of any liens, charges, security interests, encumbrances, rights of first refusal, preemptive rights or other restrictions
(collectively, Liens), and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(e)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor in default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any other agreement or instrument relating to the Offering, (ii) a material adverse effect on
the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, or (iii) a material
adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated under the Preliminary Prospectus (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect);
provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed, in and of itself,
to constitute a Material Adverse Effect. No action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal
inquiry), whether commenced or threatened (Proceeding) has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(f)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and under the Preliminary Prospectus
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Companys
Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection therewith. This Agreement and each Transaction Document has been
duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute valid and binding obligations of
the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable
remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(g)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each Transaction Document and the transactions
contemplated hereby, thereby and pursuant to the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any
provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or
charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(h)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the Preliminary Prospectus, other than: (i) the filing with the SEC of the Prospectus Supplement and such other filings as are required
to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (ii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares
for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation,
partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government
(or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms
are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(i)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.

(j)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement. The Company has not issued any
capital stock or Common Stock Equivalents since its most recently filed SEC Report (as defined below), other than pursuant to the exercise
of employee stock options or vesting and settlement of restricted stock units under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance
of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to any employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of
securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time any Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents)
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of
the Securities and except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any
Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to
issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary,. The issuance and sale of the
Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than
the Investors and the Placement Agent) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any shareholder, the Board
of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

(k)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one (1) year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus and any prospectus supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports)
on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration
of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities
Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The selected financial
data set forth under the caption Selected Financial Data in the SEC Reports fairly present, on the basis stated in such
SEC Reports, the information included therein. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports
conform in all material aspects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required
by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the SEC
Reports or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each
agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound
or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys
business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and
(z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been
assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder
and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both,
would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions
of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses,
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(l)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other
than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the SEC,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock, and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Securities contemplated or disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, no event, liability, fact,
circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company
or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been
publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. As used in this Agreement, Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market (as defined below) is open for trading. As used in this Agreement, Trading
Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market, the securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed for trading.

(m)
Litigation. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) which (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated pursuant
to the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has
been the subject of any Proceeding involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of
breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation
or informal inquiry by the SEC or its Staff involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The SEC
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(n)
Labor Relations. (1) No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of
the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys
or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and
its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. (2) No executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
to the knowledge of the Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality,
disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant
in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. (3) To the Companys knowledge, (a) no allegation of sexual harassment,
sexual misconduct or discrimination, whether such discrimination arises from race, ethnic background, sex, gender status, age or otherwise
(Misconduct) have been made involving any current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have entered into any settlement agreements
related to allegations of Misconduct by any current or former director, officer, employee, or independent contractor of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. (4) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, and wages and hours, except
where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(o)
Compliance. In addition to Section 2(n), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and
no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or
any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in
violation of, any indenture, loan, or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or
any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree,
or order of any court, arbitrator, or governmental authority, or (iii) is or has been in violation of any law, statute, rule, ordinance
or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws, state unfair trade
practice laws and rules and foreign equivalents, taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety and product quality
matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Time of
Sale Disclosure Package, except where the failure to possess such permits would not or could not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice
of Proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. The disclosures in the Registration Statement concerning
the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct
in all material respects. The Company is and has been in material compliance with any term of any such Material Permits, except for any
violations which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received notice of any Proceeding
from any governmental authority or third party alleging that any Product, operation or activity is in violation of any applicable laws
or regulations or Material Permits or has any knowledge that any such entity or third party is considering any such Proceeding, nor,
to the Companys knowledge, has there been any material noncompliance with or violation of any applicable laws or regulations by
the Company that could reasonably be expected to require the issuance of any such communication or result in an investigation, corrective
action, or enforcement action by any governmental authority.

(q)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of
federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(r)
Patents and Trademarks. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or material for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the Preliminary Prospectus
and Prospectus and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property
Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the
Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within
two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included within the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, a notice (written or otherwise) of a claim or otherwise
has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security
measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(s)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(t)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, none of the executive
officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or
any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, executive
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing
for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring
payments to or from any executive officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any executive
officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, shareholder, member or partner,
in each case in excess of one percent (1%) of the Companys average total assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 other than for:
(i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and
(iii) other employee benefits, including equity award or option agreements under any equity incentive plan or similar of the Company.

(u)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the SEC thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the
period covered by the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(v)
Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, dealer, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Investors shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 2(v) that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(w)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(x)
Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, no Person has any right to cause the
Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(y)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date
hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company
is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus,
the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing
and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or
another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other
established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(z)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Investors as a result of the Investors and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Preliminary Prospectus,
including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Investors ownership of the
Securities.

(aa)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated pursuant to the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company confirms that neither it
nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Investors or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes
constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package.
The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Investors regarding the Company and, its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve
(12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole did not contain, at their respective times of issuance, any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.

(bb)
No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly
or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval
provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(cc)
Solvency. Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, based on the consolidated financial condition of
the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect
of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys
assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including
its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and
projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds
the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would
be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not
intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable
on or in respect of its debt). Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from each Closing Date. The Time of Sale Disclosure Package discloses as of the date hereof
all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in
excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties,
endorsements, and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected
in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments
for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments
in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(dd)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and
franchise and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject,
(ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on
such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA). The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls
and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.

(ff)
Reserved.

(gg)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(hh)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ii)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf (other than the Placement Agent,
as to which no representation is made) has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid
for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person
any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(jj)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(kk)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the Company shall so certify upon any Investors request.

(ll)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(mm)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable United States federal and state and foreign money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws), and no Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or
any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(nn)
Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent shall be deemed to be a
representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(oo)
Reliance. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations
and warranties and hereby consents to such reliance.

(pp)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has
been disclosed other than in good faith.

(qq)
Statistical or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference
in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to
be reliable and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(rr)
FINRA Affiliations. There are no affiliations with any firm that is a member of the FINRA participating in the Offering among
the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any 5% or greater shareholder of the Company.

(ss)
Board of Directors. The Companys Board of Directors is comprised of the persons identified as directors of the Company
in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus under the section titled Management. The qualifications of the persons
serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies
as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder
and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent
as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

(tt)
Cybersecurity. There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems
and Data) that would reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and
(i) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any material security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and
disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(uu)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in material compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice
of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and
(iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its
subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy
Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph,
social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally
identifying information under the FTC, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece
of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of
any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained
in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery
and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the
Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or
the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently
conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request
or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(vv)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3. Delivery and Payment.

(a)
Closing for the Offering. Delivery of and payment for the Securities shall be made at or around 9:00 a.m., Eastern time, on or
before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of the Purchase Agreement. The Closing shall take place remotely by electronic
transfer of the Closing documentation. On the Closing Date, the Company shall issue such amount of Securities sold pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement directly to the accounts designated by the Placement Agent for the applicable Investors and payment shall be made by the Investors
by wire transfer to the Company. At the Closing, the Securities which the Company shall deliver to each Investor the number of Shares
purchased by such Investor. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the Closing, payment of the purchase price for the Securities
sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall be made by federal funds wire transfer, against delivery of the Securities, and such Securities
shall be registered in such name or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request. All actions taken at
the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

(b)
Payment for the Securities. The Securities are being sold to the Investors at the public offering price as set forth in the Prospectus
Supplement. The purchase of the Securities by each of the Investors shall be evidenced by the receipt of funds in the account designated
by the Company and the Placement Agent and execution of a Purchase Agreement by each such Investor and the Company.

(c)
Delivery of the Shares. Delivery of the Shares shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company unless the
Placement Agent shall otherwise instruct.

Section
4. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a)
Registration Statement Matters. During the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), the Company will advise the Placement
Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes
effective or any supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies thereof. During the Prospectus
Delivery Period (as defined in Section 4(c), the Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements
required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of
any Prospectus. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice
thereof (i) of any request by the SEC to amend the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional
information, and (ii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment thereto or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or
any order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or any prospectus supplement or any amendment
or supplement thereto or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities
for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the institution or threatened institution of any Proceeding for any such purpose, or of
any request by the SEC for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus or for additional information.
The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the
SEC shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts
to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts
to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that during the Prospectus
Delivery Period, it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including
with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the
Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the SEC. The Company covenants and agrees to update the Prospectus
Supplement to include all information required to be included therein, including with respect to any SEC Reports that are filed subsequent
to the date of the Prospectus Supplement.

(b)
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will qualify or register the Offering under the securities laws of applicable jurisdictions (United
States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably request and will make such applications, file such documents,
and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose, provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as
a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required
to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not be required to produce any new disclosure statement or
take such action as is necessary for the Offering to be made pursuant to an available exemption from qualification or registration in
applicable jurisdictions. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements,
reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect. During the Prospectus Delivery Period,
the Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption
relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any Proceeding for any such
purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use
its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated
in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to be
delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus (the Prospectus
Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in the opinion of the Placement
Agent or Placement Agents Counsel, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading,
or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act
any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the SEC, and furnish at its own expense
to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration Statement,
the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any
Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading,
or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with
law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in connection with the
Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such
amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d)
Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during
the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus or Prospectus
supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent, make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a Free Writing Prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with
the SEC or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents in
writing to any such Free Writing Prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it
shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of
Rule 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with
the SEC, legending and record keeping. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the Company make any offer
or communication relating to the Offering which meets the definition of a Free Writing Prospectus while the Company is
an ineligible issuer (as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) or otherwise in contravention of the
Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder.

(f)
Transfer Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

(g)
Earnings Statement. As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any
event not later than 12 months after the Closing Date, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Placement
Agent an earnings statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the Closing Date, that satisfies the
provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(h)
Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the
SEC and the Trading Market all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner
required by the Exchange Act.

(i)
Additional Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement
Agent or the Investors deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Closing in connection with the Offering, all of which will be
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may
rely upon the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants set forth in any Transaction Document including the Purchase Agreement
entered into with Investors in connection with the Offering.

(j)
No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in,
or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities
of the Company.

(k)
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit
and use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement
Agents prior written consent.

(l)
Announcement of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

(m)
Reliance on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n)
Research Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent provides
no promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges
and agrees that the Placement Agents selection as the placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or
implicitly, on the Placement Agents providing favorable or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule
2711(e), the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific
rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the
receipt of business or compensation.

(p)
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i)
From the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except for the securities
issued pursuant hereto.

(ii)
From the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an
agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which
the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future
date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or
indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under,
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company
may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and
regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. The Placement Agent shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against
the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 4(p)(i) and (ii) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. An Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (A) shares of Common Stock or options or other securities to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Company pursuant to any employee benefit plan, equity incentive plan or other employee compensation plan existing on the date hereof
or any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (B) Common
Stock issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement or
Prospectus or this Agreement and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding on the date of this Agreement provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to
increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other
than in connection with stock splits or combinations or anti-dilution provisions contained therein as disclosed in the SEC Reports and
the Prospectus) or to extend the term of such securities, or securities issuable in connection with a transaction involving the Company
and existing stockholders in which the Company offers the existing stockholders the option to exchange their shares of Common Stock for
other securities of the Company, (C) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the
disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in
Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during
the prohibition period in Section 4(p)(i) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary
business is investing in securities, and (D) the issuance of the Securities in the Offering, and (E) the entry into and/or issuance of
shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Regulation A+ offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent.

(q)
Tail Fee.

(i)
Tail Fee. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that for a period of twelve (12) months from (i) the Closing Date of the Offering
or (ii) if the Closing does not occur, the termination of this Agreement by the Company other than for Cause, the Placement Agent shall
be entitled to compensation commensurate with those set forth under Section 1(a) (the Tail Fee), from the sale of
any equity, debt and/or equity derivative instruments (other than the exercise by any person or entity of any options, warrants or other
convertible securities) to any investor actually introduced by the Placement Agent to the Company, but unknown to the Company prior to
such introduction, during the period between the date of this Agreement and the Closing of the Offering or the termination of this Agreement,
as applicable (each, a Tail Financing), and such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the twelve (12)
month period from the Closing Date of the Offering or termination of this Agreement, as applicable. The Placement Agent shall provide
a list of such investors upon termination of this Agreement or the Closing Date of the Offering, and the Company shall be able to review
and revise this list as needed.

(ii)
Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B), this Section
4(q) and the Tail Fee contemplated hereby may be terminated by the Company for Cause, which shall mean a material breach
by the Placement Agent of this Agreement or a material failure by the Placement Agent to provide the services as contemplated by this
Agreement.

(r)
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (i) issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby at the date and time agreed upon by the Company and the Placement Agent, and (ii) file a Current Report on Form 8-K,
including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the
issuance of such press release, the Company represents that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and the Placement Agent shall consult with each other in
issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

(s)
Right of First Refusal. For a period of twelve (12) months from the closing date of the Placements, the Company grants the Placement
Agent the right to provide investment banking services to the Company on an exclusive basis in the matters below, for which investment
banking services are sought by the Company (such right, the Right of First Refusal), which right is exercisable
in the Placement Agents sole discretion. For these purposes, investment banking services shall include, (a) acting as lead or
joint-lead manager for any underwritten public offering; (b) acting as lead or joint book-runner and/or lead or joint placement agent,
initial purchaser in connection with any private offering of securities of the Company; and (c) acting as financial advisor in connection
with any sale or other transfer by the Company, directly or indirectly, of a majority or controlling portion of its capital stock or
assets to another entity, any purchase or other transfer by another entity, directly or indirectly, of a majority or controlling portion
of the capital stock or assets of the Company, and any merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity. Univest shall notify
the Company of its intention to exercise the Right of First Refusal within 15 business days following notice in writing by the Company.
Any decision by the Placement Agent to act in any such capacity shall be contained in separate agreements, which agreements would contain,
among other matters, provisions for customary fees for transactions of similar size and nature, as may be mutually agreed upon, and indemnification
of the Placement Agent and shall be subject to general market conditions. In compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A), in no circumstances
the Right of First Refusal shall have a duration of more than three years from the commencement of sales of the public offering or the
termination date of the engagement between the Company and the Placement Agent. If the Placement Agent declines to exercise the Right
of First Refusal, the Company shall have the right to retain any other person or persons to provide such services on terms and conditions
which are not more favorable to such other person or persons than the terms declined by the Placement Agent. The Right of First Refusal
granted hereunder may be terminated by the Company for Cause, which shall mean a material breach by the Placement Agent
of this Agreement or a material failure by the Placement Agent to provide the services as contemplated by this Agreement. The services
provided by the Placement Agent hereunder are solely for the benefit of the Company and are not intended to confer any rights upon any
persons or entities not a party hereto (including, without limitation, securityholders, employees or creditors of the Company) as against
the Placement Agent or its directors, officers, agents and employees.

Section
5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other
obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Reserved.

(b)
Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule 424(b))
and Free Writing Prospectus if any, shall have been duly filed with the SEC, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued and no Proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated
or threatened by the SEC; no order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no Proceeding for that
purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the
Securities or any other securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority
or stock exchange and no Proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information
on the part of the SEC shall have been complied with; and FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of
the placement terms and arrangements.

(c)
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement
and each Prospectus, and the registration, sale, and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agents Counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it
may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d)
No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, in the Placement
Agents reasonable judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any material adverse change or development
involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from
the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus (each, a Material Adverse
Change).

(e)
Opinions of Counsel for the Company.

The
Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date the written opinion of Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP, legal counsel to the Company,
dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed
to the Placement Agent and, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f)
Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date, a certificate of the Company, dated
as of the Closing Date and which may be relied upon by the Placement Agent, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, in their respective capacities as such officers only, in a form satisfactory to the Placement Agent, to the effect
that:

(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except such representations
and warranties which are qualified by materiality or by Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects), as
if made on and as of the Closing Date, and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part
to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date;

(ii)
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus has been issued and no Proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order
having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no Proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii)
When the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such
certificate, the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with
the SEC, and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects conformed to the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, as the case may
be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations and
warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein) and, since the effective date of the
Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder
to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv)
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any
Prospectus, there has not been: (i) any Material Adverse Change; (ii) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (iii) any obligation, direct or contingent, that
is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business; (iv) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise
of outstanding stock options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; (v) any dividend or distribution
of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (vi) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property
of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)
Chief Financial Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date, a certificate of the
Company, dated as of the Closing Date and which may be relied upon by the Placement Agent, signed by the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, with respect to certain financial data contained in or incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, in a form
satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(h)
Secretarys Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date, a certificate of the Company, dated
as of the Closing Date and which may be relied upon by the Placement Agent, signed by the Secretary of the Company, certifying, among
others, (i) that each of the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amendment No. 1 to Amended Bylaws,
and all amendments thereto, is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of
the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) that each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; (iv)
as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the SEC; and (v) as to the incumbency
of the officers of the Company, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

(i)
Exchange Act Registration and Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be
listed on the Trading Market, and the Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of
terminating, the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from
the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received any information suggesting that the SEC or the Trading Market is contemplating
terminating such registration or listing.

(j)
Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Placement Agent and Placement Agents Counsel shall have received
such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of
the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction
of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated
by the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 1(a), Section 1(b), Section 6 (Payment of Expenses),
Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution) and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall
at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
6. Payment of Fees and Expenses. Subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), the Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and
expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) payment to the Placement Agent of its Cash Fee and non-accountable expense allowance,
which shall equal to one percent (1%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in this offering; (ii) all expenses incident to the issuance,
delivery and qualification of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (iii) all fees and expenses of the registrar
and transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iv) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and
sale of the Securities; (v) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, registered independent public accounting firm and other
advisors; (vi) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the
Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, if any, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vii) all filing fees, reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from
the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws
or the securities laws of any other country; (viii) the filing fees incident to the review and approval by FINRA of the Placement Agents
participation in the offering and distribution of the Securities; (ix) the fees and expenses associated with the Securities on the Trading
Market; (x) all costs and expenses incident to the travel and accommodation of the Companys employees on the roadshow,
if any; provided that, the aggregate of the above mentioned fees and expenses shall not exceed $[50,000].

Section
7. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its Affiliates and each Person controlling the Placement Agent,
and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, their respective affiliates and each such controlling person
(the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person, an Indemnified Person) from and against any losses, claims,
damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall reimburse
each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for all Indemnified Persons,
except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are incurred by an Indemnified
Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Proceedings, whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party thereto,
(i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other
than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to an Indemnified
Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated
Document, or any Prospectus) or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by
any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or
inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause
(ii) only, the Company shall not be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially
determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with
any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the
Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company
and which use constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all
Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this Agreement.

(b)
Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an Proceeding against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity
may be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any
Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of
this indemnity or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure.
The Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such Proceeding including the employment of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the
right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel
or (ii) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and
such Indemnified Person shall have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that
prevents the counsel selected by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified
Person; provided that the Company shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of
separate counsel for all Indemnified Persons in connection with any Proceeding or related Proceedings, in addition to any local counsel.
The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Proceeding
in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto)
unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities
arising out of such Proceeding for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage
or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

(c)
In the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other
hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of
fees actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the
Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by
the Company in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated,
bears to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d)
The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services
or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
solely from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions
or services.

(e)
The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services
under or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section
8. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other
statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent,
the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery
of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to the Placement Agent, or to the
Company, its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution
and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section
9. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be overnight, next business day delivery, hand delivered or
e-mailed and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent to the address set forth above, attention: Yi (Edric) Guo, Chief Executive Officer, e-mail: [***] 

If
to the Company:

Houston
American Energy Corp.

801
Travis Street, Suite 1425

Houston,
Texas 77002

Attn:
Peter Longo

Email:
[***] 

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Norton
Rose Fulbright US LLP

1550
Lamar Street, Suite 2000,

Houston,
Texas 77010-4106

Attn:
Brian Fenske

Email:
Brian.Fenske@nortonrosefulbright.com

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section
10. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative,
and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
11. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of
this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section
12. Governing Law Provisions; Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as
to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws of the State of New York. Each of the
Placement Agent and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of
any such suit, action or Proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New
York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or Proceeding. Each of the
Placement Agent and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such
suit, action or Proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall
be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or Proceeding, and service of process
upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail to the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service
process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action or Proceeding. If either party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce
any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or Proceeding.

Section
13. General Provisions.

(a)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Engagement Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2024 (Engagement Agreement), between the Company
and the Placement Agent, shall continue to be effective, and the terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement
Agent in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement Agreement and this
Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall
be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be
amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless
waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties
only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. If any provision contained in this Agreement is in conflict
with, or inconsistent with, any provision in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 21, 2025 (the Securities
Purchase Agreement), by and between the Company and the purchasers listed on the signature page thereto, the terms of the
Securities Purchase Agreement shall govern and control.

(b)
The Company acknowledges that in connection with the Offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length,
is not an agent of, and owes no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those
duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company.
The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an
alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Houston
American Energy Corp. 

By: /s/
Peter Longo 

Name: Peter
Longo 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Accepted
and agreed to as of the date first written above:

Univest
Securities, LLC 

By: /s/ Yi Guo 

Name: Yi
(Edric) Guo 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Houston
American Energy Corp. Announces $4,420,000 Registered Direct Offering. 

HOUSTON,
TX January 22, 2025 Houston American Energy Corp. (NYSE American: HUSA) (the Company) today announced that it has
entered into a definitive agreement with several investors for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 2,600,000 shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) at a purchase price of $1.70 per share in a registered direct
offering.

The
aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of this offering are expected to be approximately $4,420,000. The transaction is expected to
close on or about January 23, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Univest
Securities, LLC is acting as the sole placement agent.

The
registered direct offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282778) previously filed
by the Company and declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 4, 2024. A final
prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be
available on the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, by contacting Univest Securities, LLC at info@univest.us, or by calling
+1 (212) 343-8888.

This
press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sales of such securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of such jurisdiction. Copies of the prospectus supplement relating to the registered direct offering, together with the accompanying
base prospectus will be filed by the Company and, upon filing, can be obtained at the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information:

This
news release contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively, forward-looking
information) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking information is based on managements current
expectations and beliefs and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information in this news release includes, but not limited to, statements
about the gross proceeds to the Company from the offering and the anticipated closing of the offering.

With
respect to the forward-looking information contained in this news release, the Company has made numerous assumptions. While the Company
considers these assumptions to be reasonable, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive,
market and social uncertainties and contingencies. Additionally, there are known and unknown risk factors which could cause the Companys
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by the forward-looking information contained herein. A complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing our business
is disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC on www.sec.gov.

All
forward-looking information herein is qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company disclaims any obligation
to revise or update any such forward-looking information or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking
information contained herein to reflect future results, events or developments, except as required by law.

For
additional information, view the companys website at www.houstonamerican.com or contact Houston American Energy Corp. at
(713) 222-6966.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>husa-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>husa-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>husa-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32955

Entity Registrant Name HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001156041

Entity Tax Identification Number 76-0675953

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 801
Travis Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1425

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 222-6966

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, Par value $0.001

Trading Symbol HUSA

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://houstonamerican.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
husa-20250123.xsd 
husa-20250123_lab.xml 
husa-20250123_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003415-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001156041 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001156041 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
HOUSTON AMERICAN ENERGY CORP. 
DE 
001-32955 
76-0675953 
801 Travis Street 
Suite 1425 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
(713) 
222-6966 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par value $0.001 
HUSA 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>