<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001546417-25-000076.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001546417-25-000076.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423160524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001546417-25-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250423
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bloomin' Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001546417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				208023465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35625
		FILM NUMBER:		25861395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2202 NORTH WEST SHORE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-282-1225

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2202 NORTH WEST SHORE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>blmn-20250423.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?blmn-20250423

falseUSD0001546417iso4217:USDxbrli:shares00015464172025-04-232025-04-23

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April 23, 2025

BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35625 20-8023465

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2202 North West Shore Boulevard, Suite 500, Tampa, FL33607

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (813) 282-1225

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock 

$0.01 par value

BLMN 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.07Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

On April 23, 2025, the Company held its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting). A total of 77,053,246 shares of Common Stock, representing 90.72% of the shares outstanding and eligible to vote and constituting a quorum, were represented in person or by valid proxies at the Annual Meeting. The results of voting on each of the matters submitted to a vote of security holders at the Annual Meeting are as follows:

1.Stockholders elected each of the following ten nominees as a director to serve for a one-year term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified, as set forth below.

Name Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

James L. Dinkins 70,596,104 184,785 295,183 5,977,174

David George 70,575,020 210,163 290,889 5,977,174

Julie Kunkel 70,327,930 457,337 290,805 5,977,174

Rohil Lal 70,411,537 372,319 292,216 5,977,174

Tara Walpert Levy 69,511,088 1,269,599 295,385 5,977,174

John J. Mahoney 69,028,898 1,756,249 290,925 5,977,174

Melanie Marein-Efron 70,295,144 486,102 294,826 5,977,174

R. Michael Mohan 69,737,830 1,047,317 290,925 5,977,174

Jonathon Sagal 70,133,036 313,341 629,695 5,977,174

Michael Spanos 70,598,497 189,930 287,645 5,977,174

2.Stockholders ratified the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Companys independent registered certified public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 28, 2025, as set forth below.

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

75,593,901 1,123,302 336,043 

3.Stockholders approved, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of the Companys named executive officers, as set forth below.

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

65,600,851 5,140,351 334,870 5,977,174

4.Stockholders approved on a non-binding, advisory basis to hold say-on-pay voting every one year in regard to executive compensation.

1 Year 

2 Years 

3 Years 

Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

69,357,496 37,630 1,610,910 70,036 5,977,174

5.Stockholders approved the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as set forth below.

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

64,261,788 6,510,545 303,739 5,977,174

2

6.Stockholders did not approve a non-binding, advisory stockholder proposal to require virtual access at all stockholder meetings.

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

33,682,330 37,069,174 324,568 5,977,174

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number 

Description

10.1 

Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed by Bloomin Brands, Inc. on March4, 2025)

10.2 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for restricted stock granted to directors under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

10.3 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for restricted stock granted to executive management under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

10.4 

Form of Performance Award Agreement for performance units granted to executive management under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

10.5 

Form of Restricted Cash Award Agreement for cash awards granted to executive management under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC.

(Registrant)

Date: April 23, 2025 By: /s/ Kelly Lefferts

Kelly Lefferts

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>blmn-042325_ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2 - FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR DIRECTORS
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

Non-employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

Under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

Bloomin Brands, Inc. (the Company) hereby issues to the Participant, who is a non-employee Director, an award (the Award) of Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs). Each RSU represents an unfunded, unsecured promise of the Company to deliver to the Participant one Share, subject to the vesting and other restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan) and those set forth in this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of RSU Award attached hereto as Exhibit A (collectively, the Agreement). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

Award of RSUs:

Non-employee Director Name/Participant: <name>

Type of Grant: Restricted Stock Unit

Date of Grant: <date>

Total Shares Granted: <shares>

The Participant, by accepting this award online on www.netbenefits.com, acknowledges and agrees that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms, and subject to the conditions, of this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of RSU Award attached hereto as Exhibit A, and the Plan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this grant of RSUs to be executed, as of the Date of Grant.

BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC. 

By: ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 

Michael Spanos, Chief Executive Officer

(or Kelly Lefferts, Chief Legal Officer)

Exhibit A

Terms and Conditions of RSU Award

1.Condition to the Participants Rights Under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective, and the Participant shall have no rights with respect to the Award or the RSUs, unless and until the Participant has fully executed this Agreement by accepting the Award online as described above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant does not otherwise reject this Award in writing to the Companys compensation department within 90 days of the Date of Grant or such other manner as the Company may specify from time to time in its sole discretion, the Participant shall be deemed to have accepted the Award, and the terms and conditions hereof, as of the Date of Grant.

2.Vesting. Subject in each case to the Participants Continuous Service on each applicable vesting date, the RSUs awarded under this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the schedule set forth below unless, prior to any vesting date set forth, the applicable RSUs are forfeited or have become subject to accelerated vesting under the terms and conditions of the Plan:

Vesting Date Vesting Percentage

On the date of the Companys first annual meeting of stockholders following the grant date so long as such annual meeting date is at least fifty (50) weeks from the grant date. If not at least fifty (50) weeks from the grant date, then the vesting date shall be one year from the grant date. 100%

Prior to actual settlement of any RSU that has vested, the RSU will represent an unfunded, unsecured obligation of the Company in accordance with Section 17.13 of the Plan.

3.Termination of Continuous Service. If the Participants Continuous Service terminates due to death or Disability, then all RSUs that are not vested shall become immediately vested in full upon such termination. If the Participants Continuous Service terminates for any other reason, then all RSUs that are not vested at the time of such termination shall be automatically and immediately forfeited for no consideration.

4.Change in Control. If a Change in Control occurs, then all RSUs that remain unvested and have not been previously forfeited shall become immediately vested in full upon such Change in Control.

5.RSUs Non-Transferable. The Participant shall not directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise encumber RSUs or any interest in them, or make any commitment or agreement to do any of the foregoing, except to the extent permitted by Section 11.3 of the Plan. 

6.Settlement. The Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the vesting of any RSUs (but in no event later than two and a half (2 ) months following the end of the year in which vesting occurs), effect delivery of Shares to fully settle such vested RSUs to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participants death, to the Beneficiary). No Shares will be issued pursuant to this Award unless and until all legal requirements applicable to such issuance have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Committee. 

7.Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

8.Electronic Delivery, Acceptance, and Signature. The Company may in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the RSUs granted under the Plan and participation in the Plan, or future RSUs that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or to request the Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. Signatures on any document necessary for participation in the Plan or related to the Award of RSUs may be by electronic signature and such signature shall be valid and binding.

9.Data Privacy. 

(a)The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of his or her Personal Data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan.

(b)The Participant understands that the Company and its Affiliates may possess certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participants favor, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (Personal Data). The Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Participants country or elsewhere and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participants country. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan, including any 

requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired upon settlement of these RSUs. The Participant understands that the Company will retain the Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that he or she may, at any time, view Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Companys human resources representative. The Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect the Participants ability to participate in the Plan. Participants may obtain more information about how their Personal Data may be processed in conjunction with Plan participation by contacting the Companys human resources representative.

10.Government and Other Regulations; Governing Law. The grant of RSUs is subject to all laws, regulations and orders of any governmental authority which may be applicable thereto and, notwithstanding any of the provisions hereof, the Participant acknowledges that the Company will not be obligated to issue any Shares hereunder if the grant or vesting thereof or the issuance of such Shares, as the case may be, would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any such law, regulation or order or any provision thereof. The Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the vesting of the RSUs or the issuance of Shares pursuant hereto to comply with any such law, regulation, order or provision.

11.Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)No Participant or Beneficiary shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to an Award, including without limitation any right to vote or to receive or accrue dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions or any equivalent thereof, until such Shares are delivered to the Participant or the Beneficiary, and no adjustment or accrual shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are delivered.

(b)The RSUs are granted under and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein and made part hereof by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern and all decisions under and interpretations of the Plan or this Agreement by the Board or the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and his or her heirs and legal representatives. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content. 

(c)This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the Plan supersede 

any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) which relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(d)If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

(e)The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

(f)This Agreement may be executed or deemed executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>blmn-042325_ex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3 - FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR SENIOR OFFICER
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

Senior Officer Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

Under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

Bloomin Brands, Inc. (the Company) hereby issues to the Participant who is an officer above Vice President level ("Senior Officer Participant") an award (the Award) of Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs). Each RSU represents an unfunded, unsecured promise of the Company to deliver to the Senior Officer Participant one Share, subject to the vesting and other restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan) and those set forth in this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of RSU Award attached hereto as Exhibit A (collectively, the Agreement). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

Award of RSUs:

Name/Senior Officer Participant: <name>

Type of Grant: Restricted Stock Unit

Date of Grant: <date>

Total Shares Granted: <shares>

The Senior Officer Participant, by accepting this award online on www.netbenefits.com, acknowledges and agrees that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms, and subject to the conditions, of this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of RSU Award attached hereto as Exhibit A, and the Plan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this grant of RSUs to be executed, as of the Date of Grant.

BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC. 

By: ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 

Michael Spanos, Chief Executive Officer

(or Kelly Lefferts, Chief Legal Officer)

Exhibit A

Terms and Conditions of RSU Award

1.Condition to the Senior Officer Participants Rights Under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective, and the Senior Officer Participant shall have no rights with respect to the Award or the RSUs, unless and until the Senior Officer Participant has fully executed this Agreement by accepting the Award online as described above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Senior Officer Participant does not otherwise reject this Award in writing to the Companys compensation department within 90 days of the Date of Grant or such other manner as the Company may specify from time to time in its sole discretion, the Senior Officer Participant shall be deemed to have accepted the Award, and the terms and conditions hereof, as of the Date of Grant.

2.Vesting. Subject in each case to the Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service on each applicable vesting date, the RSUs awarded under this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the schedule set forth below unless, prior to any vesting date set forth, the applicable RSUs are forfeited or have become subject to accelerated vesting under the terms and conditions of the Plan:

Vesting Date Vesting Percentage

First Anniversary of Date of Grant One-Third

Second Anniversary of Date of Grant One-Third

Third Anniversary of Date of Grant One-Third

Prior to actual settlement of any RSU that has vested, the RSU will represent an unfunded, unsecured obligation of the Company in accordance with Section 17.13 of the Plan.

3.Termination of Continuous Service. Except to the extent provided otherwise in Section 4 hereof or unless the Committee determines otherwise: 

(a)If the Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service terminates other than as provided for in Sections 3(b) and 3(c) below, then all RSUs that are not vested at the time of such termination shall be automatically and immediately forfeited for no consideration.

(b)If the Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service terminates due to death or Disability, then all RSUs that are not vested shall become immediately vested in full upon such termination. 

(c)If the Senior Officer Participant retires (i) on or after age sixty (60) with five (5) years of service with the Company or an Affiliate or (ii) on or after age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) years of service with the Company or an Affiliate (Retirement) prior to the vesting or forfeiture of the RSUs pursuant to Section 2 hereof, then the number of RSUs that vest shall be determined as of the date of the Senior Officer Participants Retirement on a pro rata basis, determined based on the number of full months of employment completed from the Date of Grant to the date of the Senior Officer Participants Retirement divided by the number of full months of the original vesting period.

4.Change in Control. 

(a)If a Change in Control occurs, and the RSUs remain outstanding following such Change in Control or are exchanged or converted into securities or other similar rights of any surviving, acquiring or successor entity in accordance with Section 12.1(ii) of the Plan or otherwise, then the vesting and transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions hereof shall continue to apply to the RSUs or any securities or other similar rights issued to the Senior Officer Participant upon exchange or conversion of the RSUs, as applicable.

(b)If a Change in Control occurs, pursuant to which the RSUs will be cancelled in exchange for cash consideration to Senior Officer Participant in accordance with Section 12.1(i) of the Plan, then with respect to a Senior Officer who is an Employee at the level of above Vice President at the time of such Change in Control, all RSUs that remain unvested and have not been previously forfeited shall be converted upon such Change in Control into an award representing the right to receive such cash consideration, provided, however, that such award will be subject to the vesting and transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions hereof and will be payable to the Senior Officer Participant only to the extent it has vested.

5.RSUs Non-Transferable. The Senior Officer Participant shall not directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise encumber RSUs or any interest in them, or make any commitment or agreement to do any of the foregoing, except to the extent permitted by Section 11.3 of the Plan.

6.Settlement. The Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the vesting of any RSUs (but in no event later than two and a half (2 ) months following the end of the year in which vesting occurs), effect delivery of Shares to fully settle such vested RSUs to the Senior Officer Participant (or, in the event of the Senior Officer Participants death, to the Beneficiary). No Shares will be issued pursuant to this Award unless and until all legal requirements applicable to such issuance have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Committee. 

7.Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Senior Officer Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

8.Electronic Delivery, Acceptance, and Signature. The Company may in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the RSUs granted under the Plan and participation in the Plan, or future RSUs that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or to request the Senior Officer Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Senior Officer Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. Signatures on any document necessary for participation in the Plan or related to the Award may be by electronic signature and such signature shall be valid and binding.

9.Data Privacy. 

(a)The Senior Officer Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of his or her Personal Data as described in this 

document by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Senior Officer Participants participation in the Plan.

(b)The Senior Officer Participant understands that the Company and its Affiliates may possess certain personal information about the Senior Officer Participant, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Senior Officer Participants favor, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (Personal Data). The Senior Officer Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Senior Officer Participants country or elsewhere and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Senior Officer Participants country. The Senior Officer Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Senior Officer Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired upon settlement of these Performance Awards. The Senior Officer Participant understands that the Company will retain the Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Senior Officer Participants participation in the Plan. The Senior Officer Participant understands that he or she may, at any time, view Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Companys human resources representative. The Senior Officer Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect the Senior Officer Participants ability to participate in the Plan. Senior Officer Participants may obtain more information about how their Personal Data may be processed in conjunction with Plan participation by contacting the Companys human resources representative.

10.Government and Other Regulations. The grant of RSUs is subject to all laws, regulations and orders of any governmental authority which may be applicable thereto and, notwithstanding any of the provisions hereof, the Senior Officer Participant acknowledges that the Company will not be obligated to issue any Shares hereunder if the grant or vesting thereof or the issuance of such Shares, as the case may be, would constitute a violation by the Senior Officer Participant or the Company of any such law, regulation or order or any provision thereof. The Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the vesting of the RSUs or the issuance of Shares pursuant hereto to comply with any such law, regulation, order or provision.

11.Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)No Senior Officer Participant or Beneficiary shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to an Award, including without limitation any right to vote or to receive or accrue dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions or any equivalent thereof, until such Shares are delivered to the Senior Officer Participant or the Beneficiary, and no adjustment or accrual shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are delivered.

(b)The RSUs are granted under and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein and made part hereof by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern and all decisions under and interpretations of the Plan or this Agreement by the Board or the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Senior Officer Participant and his or her heirs and legal representatives. The Senior Officer Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Senior Officer Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content. 

(c)This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the Plan supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) which relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(d)If the Senior Officer Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

(e)The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

(f)This Agreement may be executed or deemed executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>blmn-042325_ex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4 - FORM OF PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR SENIOR OFFICERS
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.4

Senior Officer Performance Award Agreement 

Under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

Bloomin Brands, Inc. (the Company) hereby issues to the Participant who is an officer above Vice President level ("Senior Officer Participant") an award of performance-based Share units (Performance Awards). Each Performance Award represents an unfunded, unsecured promise of the Company to deliver to the Senior Officer Participant one Share, subject to the vesting and other restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and any subsequent plan (the Plan) and those set forth in this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Performance Award attached hereto as Exhibit A and the Performance-Based Vesting Terms and Conditions contained in Exhibit B (collectively, the Agreement). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

Performance Awards:

Name/Senior Officer Participant: <name>

Type of Grant: Performance Awards

Date of Grant: <date>

Target Performance Based Shares: <shares>

The Senior Officer Participant, by accepting this award online on www.netbenefits.com, acknowledges and agrees that the Performance Awards are granted under and governed by the terms, and subject to the conditions, of this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Performance Award attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B, and the Plan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this grant of Performance Awards to be executed, as of the Date of Grant.

BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC. 

By: ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 

Michael Spanos, Chief Executive Officer

(or Kelly Lefferts, Chief Legal Officer)

Exhibit A

Performance Award Agreement

Terms and Conditions

1.Condition to the Senior Officer Participants Rights Under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective, and the Senior Officer Participant shall have no rights with respect to the Performance Awards, unless and until the Senior Officer Participant has fully executed this Agreement by accepting the Performance Awards online as described above.Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Senior Officer Participant does not otherwise reject the Performance Awards in writing to the Companys compensation department within 90 days of the Date of Grant or such other manner as the Company may specify from time to time in its sole discretion, the Senior Officer Participant shall be deemed to have accepted the Performance Awards, and the terms and conditions hereof, as of the Date of Grant.

2.Vesting.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Performance Awards awarded under this Agreement shall vest, subject to the Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service on the third anniversary of the Date of Grant (the Vesting Date), subject to certification by the Committee in writing: (A) the extent to which the Companys performance results as set forth in Exhibit B have satisfied the applicable performance criteria, also set forth in Exhibit B (Performance Goals) for each of the three years following the Date of Grant (the Aggregate Performance Period) and (B) the corresponding number of Performance Awards that have been earned and vested as a result of the achievement of such Performance Goals during such Aggregate Performance Period (which number may range from zero percent to 200% percent of the number of Target Performance Based Shares eligible for vesting based on performance during such Aggregate Performance Period), all as set forth in Exhibit B hereto. Any Performance Awards that are eligible to be earned based on performance during the Aggregate Performance Period, but do not so vest, shall be forfeited.

(a)Prior to actual payment of any of the Performance Awards that are earned and vested, the Performance Awards will represent unfunded, unsecured obligations of the Company in accordance with Section 17.13 of the Plan.

(b)The Committee certification described in paragraph (a) of this Section 2 shall occur as soon as practicable after the end of the Performance Period, as defined in Exhibit B.The Committee may make adjustments to Performance Goals as described in Section 9 of the Plan.

(c)No Performance Awards shall be payable in Shares prior to such Vesting Date, despite the Company having achieved, to any extent, the Performance Goals set forth in Exhibit B or in a subsequent schedule added to this Agreement.

3.Termination of Continuous Service.

(a)If Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service terminates prior to the Vesting Date other than as provided for in Sections 3(b) and 3(c) below, all Performance Awards that are unvested at the time of such termination will be forfeited. 

(b)If Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service terminates due to death or Disability prior to the Vesting Date, then a pro rata portion (based on the portion of the Aggregate Performance Period that passed prior to termination of the Senior Officer Participants Continuous Service) of the Target Performance Based Shares will immediately vest and become payable in Shares upon such termination; provided however that the Performance Awards vested shall be based on the actual achievement of Performance Goals as set forth in Exhibit B for any Performance Period completed and at the target for any Performance Period not yet complete.

(c)Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if the Senior Officer Participant retires (i) on or after age sixty (60) with five (5) years of service with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or (ii) on or after age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) years of service with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company (Retirement), prior to the vesting or forfeiture of the Performance Awards pursuant to Section 2 hereof, then the number of Performance Awards that vest shall be determined as of the date of the Senior Officer Participants Retirement on a pro rata basis, determined based on the number of full months of employment completed from the Date of Grant to the date of the Senior Officer Participants Retirement divided by the number of full months of the original vesting period; provided that the Performance Awards earned shall be determined at the end of the Aggregate Performance Period based on the actual achievement of Performance Goals, as set forth in Exhibit B. 

4.Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, the vesting of the Performance Awards may be accelerated pursuant to the Companys Executive Change in Control Plan or pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan.

5.Settlement. The Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the satisfaction of the vesting conditions of the Performance Awards set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement, effect delivery of the Shares with respect to such vested Performance Awards to the Senior Officer Participant (or, in the event of the Senior Officer Participants death, to the Beneficiary). No Shares will be issued pursuant to this Agreement unless and until all legal requirements applicable to such issuance have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Committee. 

6.Performance Awards Non-Transferable. The Senior Officer Participant shall not directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise encumber Performance Awards or any interest in them, or make any commitment or agreement to do any of the foregoing, except to the extent permitted by Section 11.3 of the Plan. 

7.Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Senior Officer Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

8.Electronic Delivery, Acceptance, and Signature. The Company may in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Performance Awards granted under the Plan and participation in the Plan, or future Performance Awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or to request the Senior Officer Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Senior Officer Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice activated) system established and 

maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. Signatures on any document necessary for participation in the Plan or related to the Performance Awards may be by electronic signature and such signature shall be valid and binding.

9.Data Privacy. 

(a)The Senior Officer Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of his or her Personal Data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Senior Officer Participants participation in the Plan.

(b)The Senior Officer Participant understands that the Company and its Affiliates may possess certain personal information about the Senior Officer Participant, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Senior Officer Participants favor, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (Personal Data). The Senior Officer Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Senior Officer Participants country or elsewhere and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Senior Officer Participants country. The Senior Officer Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Senior Officer Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired upon settlement of these Performance Awards. The Senior Officer Participant understands that the Company will retain the Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Senior Officer Participants participation in the Plan. The Senior Officer Participant understands that he or she may, at any time, view Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Companys human resources representative. The Senior Officer Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect the Senior Officer Participants ability to participate in the Plan. Senior Officer Participants may obtain more information about how their Personal Data may be processed in conjunction with Plan participation by contacting the Companys human resources representative.

10.Government and Other Regulations. The grant of Performance Awards is subject to all laws, regulations and orders of any governmental authority which may be applicable thereto and, notwithstanding any of the provisions hereof, the Senior Officer Participant acknowledges that the Company will not be obligated to issue any Shares hereunder if the grant or vesting thereof or the issuance of such Shares, as the case may be, would constitute a violation by the Senior Officer Participant or the Company of any such law, regulation or order or any provision thereof. The Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the vesting of the Performance Awards or the issuance of Shares pursuant hereto to comply with any such law, regulation, order or provision.

11.Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)No Senior Officer Participant or Beneficiary shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to an award, including without limitation any right to vote or to receive or accrue dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions or any equivalent thereof, until such Shares are delivered to the Senior Officer Participant or the Beneficiary, and no adjustment or accrual shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are delivered.

(b)The Performance Awards are granted under and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein and made part hereof by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern and all decisions under and interpretations of the Plan or this Agreement by the Board or the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Senior Officer Participant and his or her heirs and legal representatives. The Senior Officer Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Senior Officer Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content. 

(c)This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the Plan supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) which relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(d)If the Senior Officer Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

(e)The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

(f)This Agreement may be executed or deemed executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Exhibit B

Performance Award Agreement

Performance Criteria

1.Aggregate Performance Period; Number of Earned Performance Awards. The Aggregate Performance Period will be comprised of three independent annual performance periods (Performance Period) that correspond to the three fiscal years from [_____] through [_____]. The number of Performance Awards earned will be based upon the Senior Officer Participants Target Performance Based Shares, adjusted up or down based upon the weighted average of each Performance Periods attainment of Performance Goals, weighted at 33.33%.

2.Performance Goals. The Performance Goals are set annually, and the goals set forth below are only for the Performance Period beginning [_____] ending on [_____]. Performance Goals for the second and third Performance Periods will be set by the Board or the Committee during the first fiscal quarter of such Performance Period.

3.Payout Adjustment Percent for Each Performance Period. The Payout Adjustment Percentage for each Performance Period will be determined by the weighted average of each respective fiscal year's attainment of the Free Cash Flow Conversion target and the attainment of the Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share target each with an equal weighting of 50%.

Performance Goals (Performance Goals) for the [_____] Fiscal Year Performance Period

Performance level Free Cash Flow Conversion Payout Adjustment Percentage Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share for Fiscal Year [_____] Payout Adjustment Percentage

Maximum [_____]% 200% $[_____] 200%

[_____]% 150% $[_____] 150%

[_____]% 125% $[_____] 125%

Target [_____]% 100% $[_____] 100%

[_____]% 75% $[_____] 75%

[_____]% 50% $[_____] 50%

Threshold [_____]% 1% $[_____] 1%

Below Threshold [_____]% 0% $[_____] 0%

To the extent the Company's Free Cash Flow Conversion and/or Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share, each as defined below, for Fiscal Year [_____] falls between two of the listed values in the chart above, the applicable Payout Adjustment Percentage (as shown in the chart above) shall be interpolated on a straight-line basis (i.e. linear interpolation).

If the performance results for any Performance Period are Below Threshold (as shown in the chart above), the resulting performance factor will be 0% for such Performance Period for the specific performance metric.

(i)Free Cash Flow Conversion will be determined using the following Non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (Non-GAAP) formula:

Adjusted EBITDA less cash paid for Capital Expenditures

Adjusted EBITDA

The Free Cash Flow Conversion of the Company will be determined as of the last day of the Companys [_____] fiscal year.

Adjusted EBITDA means: Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization is a measure that takes earnings and adds back interest expense, taxes and depreciation and other adjustments to the metric.

Capital Expenditures means: Cash, as reflected in the cash flow statement, used by the Company to invest in new or renovate restaurants, technology and equipment.

Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share ("Adjusted EPS") for Fiscal Year [_____] means: the Adjusted EPS of the Company as of the last day of the Company's [_____] fiscal year.

Adjusted EPS means: adjusted net income divided by diluted weighted average shares. Diluted weighted-average shares include weighted-average shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, including restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance stock units (performance awards) and stock options, of share-based compensation.

The Committee may provide that one or more objectively determinable adjustments shall be made to the Performance Goals on Free Cash Flow Conversion or Adjusted EPS to reflect events including:

(i)asset impairment expenses or write-downs;

(ii)litigation, claims, judgments or settlements;

(iii)unusual, infrequently occurring, extraordinary or nonoperating items;

(iv)restructurings;

(v)acquisitions, divestures or discontinued operations;

(vi)transaction-related expenses;

(vii)stock dividends, splits, combinations or exchanges of stock; and

(viii)the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles or other laws or provisions affecting reported results.

* Based on adjustments above, it is possible that Adjusted EPS as it relates to the Performance Goals may differ from Adjusted EPS as reported externally.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>blmn-042325_ex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5 - FORM OF RESTRICTED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.5

Restricted Cash Award Agreement 

Under the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

Bloomin Brands, Inc. (the Company) hereby issues to the Participant a Restricted Cash Award (the Award). The Award represents an unfunded, unsecured promise of the Company to deliver to the Participant US dollars (Cash), subject to the vesting and other restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in the Bloomin Brands, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan) and those set forth in this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Cash Award attached hereto as Exhibit A (collectively, the Agreement). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

Award of Cash:

Name/Participant: <name>

Type of Grant: Restricted Cash Award

Date of Grant: <date>

Total Amount Granted: <awards>

The Participant, by accepting this Award online on www.netbenefits.com, acknowledges and agrees that the Award is granted under and governed by the terms, and subject to the conditions, of this Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Cash Award attached hereto as Exhibit A, and the Plan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this grant of Award to be executed, as of the Date of Grant.

BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC. 

By: ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 

Michael Spanos, Chief Executive Officer

(or Kelly Lefferts, Chief Legal Officer)

Exhibit A

Terms and Conditions of Restricted Cash Award

1.Condition to the Participants Rights Under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective, and the Participant shall have no rights with respect to the Award or the Cash, unless and until the Participant has fully executed this Agreement by accepting the Award online as described above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant does not otherwise reject this Award in writing to the Companys compensation department within 90 days of the Date of Grant or such other manner as the Company may specify from time to time in its sole discretion, the Participant shall be deemed to have accepted the Award, and the terms and conditions hereof, as of the Date of Grant.

2.Vesting. Subject in each case to the Participants Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on each applicable vesting date, the Cash awarded under this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the schedule set forth below unless, prior to any vesting date set forth, the applicable Award is forfeited or has become subject to accelerated vesting under the terms and conditions of the Plan:

Vesting Date Vesting Percentage

First Anniversary of Date of Grant One-Third

Second Anniversary of Date of Grant One-Third

Third Anniversary of Date of Grant One-Third

Prior to actual settlement of any Award that has vested, the Award will represent an unfunded, unsecured obligation of the Company in accordance with Section 17.13 of the Plan.

3.Termination of Continuous Service. If the Participants Continuous Service terminates due to death or Disability (as defined in the Plan), then all Awards that have not vested shall become immediately vested and payable in full upon such termination. If the Participant's Continuous Service terminates for any other reason, then all Awards that are not vested at the time such termination shall be automatically and immediately forfeited for no consideration.

4.No Right to Continued Employment. Neither the granting of the Cash Award nor this Agreement shall impose an obligation on the Company or any Affiliate to continue the employment of the Participant and shall not lessen or affect the Companys or its Affiliates right to terminate the employment of such Participant.

5.Change in Control. If a Change in Control occurs, all Awards that remain unvested and have not been previously forfeited shall become immediately vested in full, effective immediately prior to such Change in Control.

6.Non-Vested Awards Non-Transferable. The Participant shall not directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise encumber the non-vested Awards or any interest in an unvested Award, or make any commitment or agreement to do any of the foregoing, except to the extent permitted by Section 11.3 of the Plan. 

7.Settlement. The Company shall, as soon as practicable upon the vesting of any Award (but in no event later than two and a half (2 ) months following the end of the fiscal year in which vesting 

occurs), effect delivery of the Cash to fully settle such vested Award to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participants death, to the Beneficiary). No Cash will be issued pursuant to this Award unless and until all legal requirements applicable to such issuance have been complied with to the satisfaction of the Committee. 

8.Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

9.Electronic Delivery, Acceptance, and Signature. The Company may in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Award granted under the Plan and participation in the Plan, or future Award that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or to request the Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. Signatures on any document necessary for participation in the Plan or related to the award may be by electronic signature and such signature shall be valid and binding.

10.Data Privacy. 

(a)The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of his or her Personal Data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan.

(b)The Participant understands that the Company and its Affiliates may possess certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participants favor, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (Personal Data). The Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Participants country or elsewhere and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participants country. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired upon settlement of these Performance Awards. The Participant understands that the Company will retain the Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that he or she may, at any time, view Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Companys human resources representative. The Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may 

affect the Participants ability to participate in the Plan. Participants may obtain more information about how their Personal Data may be processed in conjunction with Plan participation by contacting the Companys human resources representative.

11.Government and Other Regulations. The grant of the Award is subject to all laws, regulations and orders of any governmental authority which may be applicable thereto and, notwithstanding any of the provisions hereof, the Participant acknowledges that the Company will not be obligated to issue any Cash hereunder if the grant or vesting thereof or the issuance of such Cash, as the case may be, would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any such law, regulation or order or any provision thereof. The Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the vesting of the Cash pursuant hereto to comply with any such law, regulation, order or provision.

12.Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)The Award is granted under and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein and made part hereof by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern and all decisions under and interpretations of the Plan or this Agreement by the Board or the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and his or her heirs and legal representatives. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content. 

(b)This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the Plan supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) which relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(c)If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

(d)The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

(e)This Agreement may be executed or deemed executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>blmn-20250423.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>blmn-20250423_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Address, City 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Par Value Per Share 
Entity Listing, Par Value Per Share 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Security Trading Currency 
Entity Listing, Security Trading Currency 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>blmn-20250423_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>blmn-20250423_g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>BLMN LOGO
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 23, 2025 

$ / shares

Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 23, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35625

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8023465

Entity Address, Address Line One 2202 North West Shore Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City Tampa

Entity Address, State FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33607

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 282-1225

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security Trading Currency USD

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Par Value Per Share $ 0.01

Trading Symbol BLMN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001546417

X

- Definition

Document and Entity Information [Abstract]+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: blmn_DocumentandEntityInformationAbstract

Namespace Prefix: blmn_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The par value per share of security quoted in same currency as Trading currency. Example: '0.01'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingParValuePerShare

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dtr-types:perShareItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The three character ISO 4217 code for the currency in which the security is quoted. Example: 'USD'+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingSecurityTradingCurrency

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
1 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.bloominbrands.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

blmn-20250423.htm 
blmn-20250423.xsd 
blmn-20250423_lab.xml 
blmn-20250423_pre.xml 

blmn-20250423_g1.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001546417-25-000076-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>blmn-20250423_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001546417 

2025-04-23 
2025-04-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
USD 
0001546417 
8-K 
2025-04-23 
BLOOMIN BRANDS, INC. 
DE 
001-35625 
20-8023465 
2202 North West Shore Boulevard 
Suite 500 
Tampa 
FL 
33607 
813 
282-1225 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
0.01 
BLMN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>