<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-032496.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-032496.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407110737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-032496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250407
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001903382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				874211187
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41322
		FILM NUMBER:		25816867

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2128431601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511668d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000190338200019033822025-04-072025-04-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2025

Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Maryland 001-41322 87-4211187

(State or other
jurisdiction of incorporation

or organization) (Commission File
Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

919 Third Avenue, 40th Floor

New York, NY10022

(Address of principal executive offices)

(212) 843-1601

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

None.

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share BHM NYSEAmerican

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K/A filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 8.01 OTHER EVENTS

On
June 26, 2023, Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company) filed a registration statement
on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-269415), which was subsequently declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) on June 28, 2023 (the Registration Statement). On March 25, 2024, the Company filed Post-Effective
Amendment No. 1 on Form S-11 to the Registration Statement pursuant to Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), to update the Registration Statement to include the audited combined consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023, and certain other information in such Registration Statement. On November 14, 2024, the Company filed Post-Effective Amendment
No. 2 on Form S-11 to the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act solely for the purpose
of adding an exhibit not previously filed with respect to such Registration Statement. On March 28, 2025, the Company filed Post-Effective
Amendment No. 3 on Form S-11 to the Registration Statement pursuant to Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act, to
update the Registration Statement to include the audited combined consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in
the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and certain other information in
such Registration Statement.

The
Company is filing this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide the following information for incorporation by reference
into Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 on Form S-11 to the Registration Statement to be filed with the SEC subsequent to the filing of
this Current Report on Form 8-K. The following information will also be included in the Companys 2025 Proxy Statement to be
filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and will thereby be incorporated by reference
into Part III, Items 10 through 14 of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024.

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Our Executive Officers

The individuals
listed as our executive officers below also serve as officers of our Manager. As executive officers of our Manager, they manage our day-to-day
affairs and carry out the directives of our board of directors in the review, selection and recommendation of investment opportunities
and operating acquired investments and monitoring the performance of those investments to ensure that they are consistent with our investment
objectives.

The following
table sets forth our executive officers, followed by biographical information regarding each executive officer who is not also a director.

Name Age* Position

R. Ramin Kamfar 61 Chief Executive Officer

Jordan Ruddy 62 President

Ryan S. MacDonald 42 Chief Investment Officer

James G. Babb, III 60 Chief Strategy Officer

Christopher J. Vohs 48 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Michael DiFranco 60 Executive Vice President, Operations

Jason Emala 46 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

*As of April 1, 2025

R.
Ramin Kamfar. Chief Executive Officer. The background and experience of Mr. Kamfar is described below in Our Board
of Directors.

Jordan
B. Ruddy, President. Mr. Ruddy serves as President of our Manager, and as our President. Mr. Ruddy served as Chief
Operating Officer and President of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. from August 2008 to October 2022. In addition,
Mr. Ruddy has served as President of Bluerock Total Income+ Real Estate Fund, as well as co-portfolio manager of its adviser Bluerock
Fund Advisor since October 2013, as President of Bluerock High Income Institutional Credit Fund, since 2022, and as President of
Bluerock Industrial Growth REIT, Inc. and its external manager, Bluerock Industrial Manager, LLC since 2021. Mr. Ruddy joined
Bluerock in 2002 and has continuously served in various senior management capacities for it and its affiliates. Mr. Ruddy has approximately
30 years of experience in real estate acquisitions, financings, management and dispositions. Prior to joining Bluerock, Mr. Ruddy
served as a real estate investment banker at Banc of America Securities LLC and Smith Barney Inc., as well as Vice President of Amerimar
Enterprises, a real estate company specializing in value-added investments nationwide, where he managed acquisitions, financings, leasing,
asset management and disposition involving over 1.5 million square feet of commercial and multifamily real estate. Mr. Ruddy received
an M.B.A. degree in Finance and Real Estate from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and a B.S. degree with high honors
in Economics from the London School of Economics.

2

Ryan
S. MacDonald, Chief Investment Officer. Mr. MacDonald serves as Chief Investment Officer of our Manager, and as our Chief
Investment Officer. Mr. MacDonald also currently serves as Co-Chairman of IQHQ, Inc. and on the board of directors for the Townsend
Group. Mr. MacDonald served as the Chief Investment Officer of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. from January 2021
to October 2022, and as its Chief Acquisitions Officer from October 2017 until January 2021. In addition, Mr. MacDonald
has served as Chief Investment Officer of the external manager of Bluerock Industrial Growth REIT, Inc., Bluerock Industrial Manager,
LLC, since 2021. Mr. MacDonald joined Bluerock in 2008 and has continuously served in various senior investment capacities. To date
with Bluerock, Mr. MacDonald has been involved with real estate transactions with an aggregate value of approximately $11 billion.
Prior to joining Bluerock, Mr. MacDonald was an Investment Analyst for PNC Realty Investors. Mr. MacDonald received a B.A.in
Economics from the University of Maryland, College Park.

James
G. Babb, III, Chief Strategy Officer. Mr. Babb serves as Chief Strategy Officer of our Manager, and as our Chief
Strategy Officer. Mr. Babb served as Chief Strategy Officer of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. from January 2021
to October 2022, and previously served as its Chief Investment Officer from July 2008 until November 2013 and from October 2017
until January 2021. In addition, Mr. Babb has served as Chief Strategy Officer of the external manager of Bluerock Industrial
Growth REIT, Inc, Bluerock Industrial Manager, LLC, since 2021. Mr. Babb joined Bluerock in 2007 and served as a Trustee of
Bluerock Total Income + Real Estate Fund from 2012 until 2019. He has been involved exclusively in real estate acquisition, management,
financing and dispositions for approximately 30 years. From 1992 to August 2003, Mr. Babb helped lead the residential and office
acquisitions initiatives for Starwood Capital Group, or Starwood Capital. Starwood Capital was formed in 1992 and during his tenure raised
and invested funds on behalf of institutional investors through seven private real estate funds, which in the aggregate ultimately invested
approximately $8 billion in approximately 250 separate transactions and was also active in Starwood Capitals efforts to expand
its platform to invest in Europe. From August 2003 to July 2007, Mr. Babb founded Bluepoint Capital, LLC, a private real
estate investment company focused on the acquisition, development and/or redevelopment of residential and commercial properties. Mr. Babb
received a B.A. degree in Economics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

Christopher
J. Vohs, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Vohs serves as Chief Financial Officer of our Manager, and as our
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Vohs served as Chief Financial Officer of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. from October 2017
to October 2022. In addition, Mr. Vohs has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Bluerock Industrial Growth REIT, Inc.
and its external manager, Bluerock Industrial Manager, LLC, since 2021. Mr. Vohs joined Bluerock in July 2010 and has continuously
served in various senior accounting and financial capacities for it and its affiliates. Prior to joining Bluerock, Mr. Vohs served
as Corporate Controller for Roberts Realty Investors, Inc., a public multifamily REIT based in Atlanta, Georgia, from March 2009
to July 2010. From October 2004 to March 2009, Mr. Vohs worked at Pulte Homes, a nationwide builder of single-family
homes, in various financial roles, including as Internal Audit Manager & Asset Manager and later as Vice President of Finance
for Pultes Orlando and Southeast Florida operations. From January 1999 to October 2004, Mr. Vohs worked as an Audit
Manager for Deloitte & Touche, an international professional services firm, where he earned his CPA certification. Mr. Vohs
received his B.A. degree in Accounting from Michigan State University.

Michael
DiFranco, Executive Vice President, Operations. Mr. DiFranco serves as Executive Vice President, Operations of our Manager,
and as our Executive Vice President, Operations. Mr. DiFranco served as Executive Vice President, Operations of Bluerock Residential
Growth REIT, Inc. from November 2018 to October 2022, with responsibility for the operational and financial performance of its
multi- family housing portfolio. Previously, from 2005 to 2016, Mr. DiFranco held several roles of increasing responsibilities with
Apartment & Investment Management Company (NYSE: AIV), including serving four years as Senior Vice President of Financial Operations.
From 2016 to 2018, Mr. DiFranco served as Senior Vice President of Financial Operations with The Irvine Company Apartment Communities,
overseeing Revenue Management, Business Intelligence and Portfolio Management. Mr. DiFranco received a B.A. in Business from Texas
A&M University, College Station, an M.B.A. from The University of Texas at Austin, and an M.S. in Information Systems from The University
of Colorado, Denver.

3

Jason
Emala, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. Mr. Emala serves as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of our Manager, and as
our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. Mr. Emala has served as Secretary of Bluerock Total Income+ Real Estate Fund, as well as General
Counsel of both Bluerock Capital Markets and Bluerock Asset Management since May 2018. In addition, Mr. Emala has served as
Secretary of Bluerock High Income Institutional Credit Fund since 2022, and as Secretary of Bluerock Industrial Growth REIT, Inc.
and its external manager, Bluerock Industrial Manager, LLC and as Chief Legal Officer of its external manager, Bluerock Industrial Manager,
LLC, since 2021. Mr. Emala has served as General Counsel of Bluerock since October 2022. Prior to joining Bluerock in May 2018,
Mr. Emala held senior legal positions at a number of sponsors/broker-dealers in the alternative investment space, including Cantor
Fitzgerald from June 2016 to May 2018. Prior to these roles. Emala was an associate at international law firms White &
Case, LLP and Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP. Mr. Emala earned a B.S. in Finance from the University of Maryland,
College Park, a J.D., with honors, from the George Washington University Law School and an L.L.M. in Securities and Financial Regulation
from the Georgetown University Law Center.

Our Board of Directors

We operate
under the direction of our board of directors. The board of directors oversees our operations and makes all major decisions concerning
our business. We have provided below certain information with respect to the individuals who currently serve as our director:

Name Age* Position Year First

Became a

Director 

R. Ramin Kamfar 61 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 2022 

I. Bobby Majumder 56 Lead Independent Director 2022 

Elizabeth Harrison 60 Independent Director 2022 

Kamal Jafarnia 58 Independent Director 2022 

Romano Tio 65 Independent Director 2022 

*As
of April 1, 2025.

R.
Ramin Kamfar. Mr. Kamfar has served as a member of our board of directors, including as Chairman of the Board, since October 2022.
Mr. Kamfar serves as Chief Executive Officer of our Manager, and as the Chairman of our board of directors and as our Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Kamfar served as Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.
from August 2008 to October 2022. In addition, Mr. Kamfar has served as Chairman of the board of trustees of Bluerock Total
Income +Real Estate Fund, a closed-end interval fund organized by Bluerock, since 2012, and as Chairman of the board of trustees of Bluerock
High Income Institutional Credit Fund, a closed-end interval fund organized by Bluerock, since 2022. Mr. Kamfar has also served as
Chairman of the board of directors of Bluerock Industrial Growth REIT, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of its external manager,
Bluerock Industrial Manager, LLC, since 2021. Mr. Kamfar is the Founder and has also served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Bluerock since 2002. Mr. Kamfar has approximately 30 years of experience in various aspects of real estate, private equity, and
investment banking. From 1988 to 1993, Mr. Kamfar worked as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers, New York, New York, where he
specialized in mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. From 1993 to 2002, Mr. Kamfar built a startup into a leading public
company in the fast casual market now known as Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. Mr. Kamfar received an M.B.A.
degree with distinction in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and a B.S. degree with distinction in Finance
from the University of Maryland, College Park.

Mr. Kamfars
knowledge of the Company based on his years of service, as well as the experience noted above, led the nominating and corporate governance
committee to conclude Mr. Kamfar should continue to serve as a member of our board of directors.

4

I.
Bobby Majumder, NACD. DC. Mr. Majumder has served as an independent member of our board of directors since October 2022.
In addition, Mr. Majumder served as an independent member of the board of directors of Bluerock Residential from January 2009
to October 2022. Mr. Majumder is a partner at the law firm of Frost Brown Todd. Mr. Majumder specializes in corporate and
securities transactions with an emphasis on the representation of underwriters, placement agents and issuers in both public and private
offerings, private investment in public equity (PIPE) transactions and venture capital and private equity funds. Prior to Frost Brown
Todd, Mr. Majumder was a partner at the law firm of Reed Smith from May 2019 to September 2021, where he served as the
Managing Partner of the firms Dallas office and firmwide Co-Chair of the firms India practice. Prior to Reed Smith, Mr. Majumder
was a partner at the law firm of Perkins Coie from March 2013 to May 2019. Prior to Perkins Coie, Mr. Majumder was a partner
in the law firm of K&L Gates LLP from May 2005 to March 2013. From January 2000 to April 2005, Mr. Majumder
was a partner at the firm of Gardere Wynne Sewell LLP. Through his law practice, Mr. Majumder has gained significant experience relating
to the acquisition of a number of types of real property assets including raw land, improved real estate and oil and gas interests. Mr. Majumder
also has served as an independent Trustee on the Board of Trustees of Bluerock Total Income + Real Estate Fund since 2012 and as an independent
Trustee on the Board of Trustees of Bluerock High Income Institutional Credit Fund since 2022. He is an active member of the Park Cities
Rotary Club, a charter member of the Dallas Chapter of The Indus Entrepreneurs and an Associate Board member of the Cox School of Business
at Southern Methodist University. Mr. Majumder is NACD Directorship Certified. Mr. Majumder received a J.D. degree in 1993
from Washington and Lee University School of Law and a B.A. degree in 1990 from Trinity University.

Mr. Majumders
experience as a partner at Frost Brown Todd and his legal education, as well as the experience noted above, led the nominating and corporate
governance committee to conclude Mr. Majumder should continue to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Elizabeth
Harrison. Ms. Harrison has served as an independent member of our board of directors since October 2022. In addition,
Ms. Harrison served as an independent member of the board of directors of Bluerock Residential from July 2018 to October 2022.
Ms. Harrison has over 23 years of branding and marketing experience. Ms. Harrison serves as the CEO and Principal of H&S
Communications (H&S), a full-service marketing, branding and public relations agency with offices in New York, Miami
and Los Angeles, which she co-founded in 1995. Having organized the sale of H&S to Omnicom Group (NYSE: OMC), a leading global marketing
and corporate communications company, in 2003, where she continued to serve as CEO, Ms. Harrison reacquired H&S from Omnicom
Group in 2020. As CEO of H&S, Ms. Harrison is responsible for the companys operations and strategic development, while
overseeing communications, partnerships and marketing for clients that include real estate developers, luxury hotel properties and travel
technology companies on a global level. In 2011, H&S became the complementary sister-agency of Ketchum, a leading global communications
consultancy. Ms. Harrison is the co-author of several books and is frequently invited to share her luxury branding expertise at high-profile
conferences and summits, most recently including Harvards 5th Annual CEO Roundtable: Building Leading Brands and Driving
Growth. Ms. Harrison has also served as a panelist for Step Up Womens Networks View from the Top seminar.
Ms. Harrison has served on the boards of Love Heals and the Alison Gertz Foundation for AIDS Education, and also works closely with
the Ars Nova Theater Group. Ms. Harrison received a B.A. degree in 1986 from Sarah Lawrence College.

Ms. Harrisons
extensive leadership and entrepreneurial experience, background in luxury branding and marketing, and additional experience noted above
led the nominating and corporate governance committee to conclude Ms. Harrison should continue to serve as a member of our board
of directors.

Kamal
Jafarnia.Mr. Jafarnia has served as an independent member of our board of directors since
October 2022. Additionally, Mr. Jafarnia served as an independent member of the board of directors of Bluerock Residential from
June 2019 to October 2022. Mr. Jafarnia currently serves as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Vise Technologies, Inc.
(Vise). Prior to Vise, Mr. Jafarnia worked as General Counsel, Executive Vice President
and Secretary of Opto Investments, Inc. (formerly named Lonsdale Digital Management, Inc.), and currently serves as a
member of its external advisory board. Previously, Mr. Jafarnia served as General Counsel and Chief
Compliance Officer at Artivest Holdings, Inc., which position he held from October 2018 until February 2021, and as Chief
Compliance Officer of Altegris Advisors LLC, which was the advisor to the Altegris KKR Commitments Fund. Prior to Artivest, Mr. Jafarnia
served as Managing Director for Legal and Business Development at Provasi Capital Partners LP. Prior to that, from October 2014 to
December 2017, he served as Senior Vice President of W.P. Carey Inc. (NYSE: WPC), as well as Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance
Officer of Carey Credit Advisors, Inc. and as Chief Compliance Officer and General Counsel of Carey Financial, LLC. Prior to joining
W. P. Carey Inc., Mr. Jafarnia served as Counsel to two American Lawyer Global 100 law firms in New York. From March 2014 to
October 2014, Mr. Jafarnia served as Counsel in the REIT practice group at the law firm of Greenberg Traurig, LLP. From August 2012
to March 2014, Mr. Jafarnia served as Counsel in the Financial Services & Products Group and was a member of the REIT
practice group of Alston & Bird, LLP. Between 2006 and 2012, Mr. Jafarnia served as a senior executive, in-house counsel,
and Chief Compliance Officer for several alternative investment program sponsors, including, among others, American Realty Capital, a
real estate investment program sponsor, and its affiliated broker-dealer, Realty Capital Securities, LLC. In addition, Mr. Jafarnia
has served as a non-executive independent member of the board of directors of Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (NYSE: AHT) since January 2013.
Mr. Jafarnia also has served as an independent Trustee on the Board of Trustees of Bluerock Total Income + Real Estate Fund since
2021 and as an independent Trustee on the Board of Trustees of Bluerock High Income Institutional Credit Fund since 2022. Mr. Jafarnia
received an L.L.M. in Securities and Financial Regulation in 2011 from Georgetown University Law Center, a J.D. degree in 1992 from Temple
University and a B.A. degree in economics and government in 1988 from the University of Texas at Austin.

5

Mr. Jafarnias
legal background and public company experience, as well as the additional experience described above, led the nominating and corporate
governance committee to conclude Mr. Jafarnia should continue to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Romano
Tio. Mr. Tio has served as an independent member of our board of directors since October 2022.
Additionally, Mr. Tio served as an independent member of the board of directors of Bluerock Residential from January 2009 to
October 2022. Mr. Tio served as Senior Managing Director of Greystone, a commercial real estate finance and investment firm,
from March 2021 to March 2023. From June 2017 to March 2021, Mr. Tio served
as Senior Managing Director at Ackman- Ziff, an institutional real estate capital advisory firm. From May 2009 to June 2017,
Mr. Tio served as Managing Director of RM Capital Management LLC, a boutique real estate investment and advisory firm. From January 2008
to May 2009, Mr. Tio served as a Managing Director and co-head of the commercial real estate efforts of HCP Real Estate Investors,
LLC, an affiliate of Harbinger Capital Partners Funds, a $10+ billion private investment firm specializing in event/distressed strategies.
From August 2003 until December 2007, Mr. Tio was a Managing Director at Carlton Group Ltd., a boutique real estate investment
banking firm where he was involved in over $2.5 billion worth of commercial real estate transactions. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tio
was involved in real estate sales and brokerage for 25 years. Mr. Tio also has served as an independent Trustee of the Board of Trustees
of Bluerock Total Income + Real Estate Fund since 2012 and as an independent Trustee on the Board of Trustees of Bluerock High Income
Institutional Credit Fund since 2022. Mr. Tio received a B.S. degree in biochemistry in 1982 from Hofstra University.

Mr. Tios
knowledge of the real estate industry, as well as the experience noted above, led the nominating and corporate governance committee to
conclude Mr. Tio should continue to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Nomination of Directors

Our nominating
and corporate governance committee, which consists of three of our independent directors, has adopted a nominating and corporate governance
committee charter that details the committees principal functions. These functions include identifying and recommending to our
full board of directors qualified candidates for election as directors, and recommending nominees for election as directors at the annual
meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws provide that nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors at an annual meeting
of stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of the board of directors
or (3) by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the board of directors for the purpose of determining
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at time of giving the advance notice required by our bylaws and at the time of the meeting
(and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated
and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws.

Nominations
of individuals for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board
of directors or (2) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder
who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the board of directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to
vote at the meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by our bylaws and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement
or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with
the advance notice provisions of our bylaws.

Board Membership Criteria

Our business
involves a wide range of real estate, financing, accounting, management and financial reporting issues. In light of our business and structure,
the full board of directors annually reviews the appropriate experience, skills and characteristics required of directors in the context
of the then-current membership of the board of directors, and the nominating and corporate governance committee considers the experience,
mix of skills, and other qualities of the directors and nominees with respect to all director nominations to ensure appropriate board
composition. This assessment includes, in the context of the perceived needs of the board of directors at that time, issues of knowledge,
experience, judgment and skills, such as an understanding of the real estate and real estate finance industries, accounting or financial
management expertise, or marketing and branding experience. Our nominating and corporate governance committee and board of directors seeks
to nominate directors with diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets that complement each other so as to maximize the collective
knowledge, experience, judgment and skills of the entire board of directors. In particular, the nominating and corporate governance committee
and board of directors believe that directors and nominees with the following qualities and experiences can assist in meeting this goal:

6

Senior Leadership Experience. Directors with experience in significant leadership positions provide
the Company with perspective in analyzing, shaping and overseeing the execution of operational, organizational and strategic issues at
a senior level. Further, such persons have a practical understanding of balancing operational and strategic goals and risk management.

Business Entrepreneurship and Transactional Experience. Directors who have a background in entrepreneurial
businesses and growth transactions can provide insight into developing and implementing strategies for partnering in joint ventures and/or
growing via mergers and acquisitions. Further, such directors have a practical understanding of the valuation of transactions and business
opportunities and managements plans for integration with existing operations.

Financial and Accounting Experience. An understanding of the financial markets, corporate finance,
accounting requirements and regulations and accounting and financial reporting processes allows directors to understand, oversee and advise
management with respect to the Companys operating and strategic performance, capital structure, financing and investing activities,
financial reporting and internal control of such activities. The Company seeks to have a number of directors who qualify as audit committee
financial experts and expects all of its directors to be financially knowledgeable.

Real Estate Experience. An understanding of real estate issues, particularly with respect to real
estate investment trusts, real estate development and apartment communities, brings critical industry- specific knowledge and experience
to our board of directors. Education and experience in the real estate industry is useful in understanding the Companys acquisition
and development of apartment communities and the competitive landscape of our industry.

Marketing
and Branding Experience. Directors with extensive marketing, branding and communications experience can offer advice and insights
with regard to strategic, operational and financial aspects of the Companys integrated and digital marketing. A background in brand
management, customer engagement and e-commerce is valuable to the Companys development and implementation of strategies
to strengthen our branding and marketing initiatives and build our overall brand position.

The composition
of our board of directors also reflects our commitment to diversity. We believe that multiple and varied points of view facilitate more
balanced, wide-ranging discussion in the boardroom, and contribute to a more effective decision-making process. Of the five incumbent
members of our board of directors, one (1) is female, and four (4) self-identify as ethnic minorities:

Gender Diversity 

Women: 1 20%

Men: 4 80%

Ethnic Diversity 

Minority: 4 80%

Non-minority: 1 20%

Other considerations
in director nominations include the ability of the candidate to attend board meetings regularly and to devote an appropriate amount of
time in preparation for those meetings. It also is expected that those nominated to serve as independent directors will be individuals
who possess a reputation and hold positions or affiliations befitting a director of a publicly held company and who are actively engaged
in their occupations or professions. The board of directors reviewed these criteria in connection with director nominations for the Annual
Meeting, and determined that each of the nominees for election to our board of directors satisfies these criteria.

A vacancy
in our board of directors may be filled only by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do
not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship
in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal.
Any director may resign at any time. Our charter further provides that any or all of our directors may be removed from office for cause,
and then only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors.
For these purposes, cause means, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or final judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable material harm to us through bad faith or active and deliberate
dishonesty.

7

Each director
will serve a term beginning on the date of his or her election and ending on the next annual meeting of the stockholders and when his
or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Under our bylaws, in order to be elected as a director, a director nominee must receive
the affirmative vote of a plurality of all votes cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present. However, because holders of Common Stock
have no right to cumulative voting for the election of directors, at each annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock will be able to elect all of the directors.

Committees of the Board
of Directors

The
board of directors has established three committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. All of our committees consist solely of independent directors. The principal functions of these committees are briefly described
below. Our board of directors may from time to time establish other committees to facilitate our management. The committee charters are
available on our website at www.bluerock.com/bluerock-homes-trust/governance-documents.

Audit Committee

Our board
of directors has established an audit committee, which is comprised of three of our independent directors: I. Bobby Majumder, Kamal Jafarnia,
and Romano Tio. Mr. Majumder is the chairman of our audit committee, and is designated as the audit committee financial expert as
defined by the applicable rules promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE American corporate governance listing standards.

The audit
committee meets on a regular basis, at least quarterly and more frequently as necessary. The audit committees primary functions
are:

to evaluate and approve the audit and non-audit services and fees of our independent registered public accounting firm;

to periodically review the auditors independence; and

to assist our board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing the financial information to be provided
to the stockholders and others, managements system of internal controls and procedures, and the audit and financial reporting process.

The audit
committee also reviews and approves certain related party transactions, as described under Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions Related Party Transaction Policy. The audit committee fulfills these responsibilities primarily by carrying
out the activities enumerated in the audit committee charter, as updated and revised by the audit committee, dated as of September 27,
2022.

The
audit committee charter is available on our website at www.bluerock.com/bluerock-homes-trust/ governance-documents.

Compensation Committee

Our board
of directors has established a compensation committee, which is comprised of three of our independent directors: Romano Tio, Elizabeth
Harrison, and I. Bobby Majumder. Mr. Tio is the chairman of our compensation committee. Our compensation committee charter details
the principal functions of the compensation committee. These functions include:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation,
if any;

evaluating our Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives, and
determining and approving the remuneration of our Chief Executive Officer, if any, based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation, if any, of all of our other executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

overseeing plans and programs related to the compensation of our Manager, including fees payable to our
Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement;

8

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans, if any;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for our independent directors.

The
compensation committee charter is available on our website at www.bluerock.com/bluerock-homes- trust/governance-documents.

Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation

Our compensation
committee is comprised of three of our independent directors. None of these individuals has at any time served as an officer or employee
of the Company. None of our executive officers has served as a director or member of the compensation committee of any entity that has
one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee.

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee

Our board
of directors has established a nominating and corporate governance committee, which is comprised of three of our independent directors:
I. Bobby Majumder, Kamal Jafarnia, and Romano Tio. Mr. Majumder is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee.
Our nominating and corporate governance committee charter details the principal functions of the nominating and corporate governance committee.
These functions include:

identifying and recommending qualified candidates to our full board of directors for election as directors,
and recommending nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of stockholders;

developing and recommending corporate governance guidelines to our board of directors, and implementing
and monitoring such guidelines;

reviewing and making recommendations on matters involving the general operation of our board of directors,
including board size and composition, and committee composition and structure;

recommending nominees for each committee of our board of directors to our board of directors;

annually facilitating the assessment of our board of directors performance as a whole and of the
individual directors, as required by applicable law, regulations and the NYSE American corporate governance listing standards; and

overseeing our board of directors evaluation of management.

The
nominating and corporate governance committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees in its discretion, provided that such subcommittees
must be composed entirely of independent directors, and each such subcommittee must have its own charter setting forth its purpose and
responsibilities. The nominating and corporate governance committee charter is available on our website at www.bluerock.com/bluerock-homes-trust/governance-documents.

Compensation of Directors

Each of our
independent directors is entitled to annual cash and equity retainers of $50,000 and $75,000, respectively. In addition, the lead independent
director, the audit committee chairman, the compensation committee chairman, and the nominating and corporate governance chairman are
entitled to annual retainers of $15,000, $15,000, $10,000, and $10,000, respectively. Each member of the audit committee, the compensation
committee, and the nominating and corporate governance committee are further entitled to annual retainers of $7,500, $5,000, and $5,000,
respectively. In addition, all directors receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance
at meetings of our board of directors.

9

We have provided
below certain information regarding compensation earned by and paid to our directors during fiscal year 2024 (amounts in thousands).

Name Fees Paid in

Cash in 2024 LTIP 

Unit 

Awards(1) Total 

Elizabeth Harrison $ 55,000 (2) $ 75,000 $ 130,000 

Kamal Jafarnia 62,500 (3) 75,000 137,500 

I. Bobby Majumder 95,000 (4) 75,000 170,000 

Romano Tio 72,500 (5) 75,000 147,500 

R. Ramin Kamfar 

(1) Includes 5,185 LTIP Units granted under the 2022 Individuals Plan to each of Ms. Harrison, Mr. Jafarnia,
Mr. Majumder and Mr. Tio in payment of the equity portion of their respective annual retainers for fiscal year 2024. The amounts
reported for each non-employee director reflect the grant date fair value of the award based on the volume weighted average price of the
Companys Class A common stock on the NYSE American on the twenty (20) trading days prior to the grant date (i.e., $14.4671).

(2) Includes (i) cash portion of annual retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $50,000 and (ii) compensation
committee member retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $5,000.

(3) Includes (i) cash portion of annual retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $50,000, (ii) audit committee
member retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $7,500, and (iii) nominating and corporate governance committee member retainer for fiscal
year 2024 of $5,000.

(4) Includes (i) cash portion
of annual retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $50,000, (ii) lead independent director retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $15,000, (iii) audit
committee chairman retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $15,000, (iv) compensation committee member retainer for fiscal year 2024 of
$5,000, and (v) nominating and corporate governance committee chairman retainer for fiscal year 2024
of $10,000.

(5) Includes (i) cash portion of annual retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $50,000, (ii) audit committee
member retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $7,500, (iii) compensation committee chairman retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $10,000, and
(iv) nominating and corporate governance committee member retainer for fiscal year 2024 of $5,000.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) requires our directors and executive officers, and any persons beneficially
owning more than 10% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, to file with the SEC reports with respect to their initial ownership of
our Common Stock and reports of changes in their ownership of our Common Stock. As a matter of practice, our administrative staff and
outside counsel assists our directors and executive officers in preparing these reports, and typically file those reports on behalf of
our directors and executive officers. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms filed with the SEC during fiscal year 2024
and on written representations from our directors and executive officers, we believe that during fiscal year 2024, except for two Form 4s
for R. Ramin Kamfar, all of our directors and executive officers filed the required reports on a timely basis under Section 16(a),
and all persons beneficially owning more than 10% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock filed the required reports on a timely basis
under Section 16(a).

Insider Trading Policy

Our Insider
Trading Policy governs the purchase, sale, and/or other transactions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees, and all
officers and other employees of the Manager or its affiliate, BREH, who provide services to the Company (collectively, Covered
Persons).

We believe our Insider Trading
Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable NYSE American
listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits Covered Persons from trading (or tipping others to trade) in Company securities
on the basis of material, non-public information and during blackout periods, and provides for pre-clearance procedures for transactions
involving Company securities by Covered Persons. Our Insider Trading Policy also prohibits Covered
Persons from engaging in certain transactions, including short sales, sales against the box, buying or selling
puts or calls, buying financial instruments designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities owned by
the Covered Person directly or indirectly, and frequent trading to take advantage of fluctuations in share price.

10

Item 11. Executive
Compensation

Emerging Growth Company Status

We are an
emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under this Act, we are permitted to and have elected to rely on exemptions from certain
disclosure requirements that are applicable to other companies that are not emerging growth companies. Accordingly, we have not included
a compensation discussion and analysis of our executive compensation programs or tabular compensation information. In addition, for so
long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to submit certain executive compensation matters to our stockholders
for advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on- frequency of say-on-pay votes.

Overview of Compensation Program and Philosophy

Bluerock
Homes Trust, Inc. has no employees. We are externally managed by our Manager, Bluerock Homes Manager, LLC, pursuant to the Management
Agreement. As our Chief Executive Officer, R. Ramin Kamfar is our sole Named Executive Officer (our NEO). However, all of
our executive officers, including our NEO, are employees of our Manager. Our Manager is responsible, and we do not reimburse our Manager
or its affiliates, for the cash compensation or benefits awarded to personnel of our Manager who serve as our NEO or as our other executive
officers. We have not paid, and do not expect to pay in 2025, any cash or other compensation to our NEO or to our other executive officers.

Incentive Plans

Our board
of directors has adopted and our sole initial stockholder has approved the Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
for Individuals (the 2022 Individuals Plan) and the Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan for Entities
(the 2022 Entities Plan) to attract and retain independent directors, executive officers and other key employees, including
officers and employees of our Manager and Operating Partnership and their affiliates and other service providers, including our Manager
and its affiliates. Together, we refer to the 2022 Individuals Plan and the 2022 Entities Plan as the 2022 Incentive Plans.
The 2022 Incentive Plans provide for the grant of options to purchase shares of our common stock, stock awards, stock appreciation rights,
performance units, incentive awards and other equity-based awards, and are generally administered by the compensation committee of our
board of directors.

The
aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2022
Incentive Plans is 3,597,109, with (i) 1,200,000 shares available for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Plans, and (ii) 2,397,109
shares subject to awards granted under the Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan
for Individuals and the Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan for Entities (together,
the Prior Plans) that may become available for issuance or reissuance, as applicable, under the 2022 Incentive Plans if
such awards are forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise).

2024 Equity Incentive Compensation Grants to
Executive Officers Under 2022 Incentive Plans

During 2024, our
Chief Executive Officer did not receive any equity incentive compensation grants under the 2022 Incentive
Plans. All equity incentive compensation grants under the 2022 Incentive Plans to our other
executive officers during 2024 were time-based and vest ratably over a three year period.

Equity Award Grant Practices

Equity
awards under our 2022 Incentive Plans, including those made to our executive officers, must be approved by the Compensation Committee.
No stock option awards were granted to any of our executive officers in fiscal year 2024. During fiscal year 2024, we did not grant equity
awards to our executive officers during the four business days prior to or the one business day following the filing of our periodic reports
or the filing or furnishing of a Form 8-K that discloses material nonpublic information. The Compensation Committee did not
take material nonpublic information into account when determining the timing and terms of equity awards during fiscal year 2024, and we
do not time the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of equity award grants to our executive
officers.

Stock Ownership Guidelines

To further
align the interests of our executive officers and directors with the interests of our stockholders, and to promote our commitment to sound
corporate governance, our board of directors has implemented stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers and our independent
directors.

11

The Stock
Ownership Guidelines provide that, within five years of the later date of adoption of the guidelines or the date an individual first becomes
subject to the guidelines upon becoming a director or executive officer:

our Chief Executive Officer is required to own shares of our common stock, including restricted stock, valued at a minimum of $2.5
million;

all other executive officers are required to own shares of our common stock, including restricted stock, valued at a minimum of $750,000;
and

independent directors are required to own shares of our common stock valued at a minimum of three times their annual cash retainer
for service on the board of directors.

Any shares
owned directly or indirectly (including shares owned in trust and including restricted stock) by the executive officer or director, or
his or her spouse or minor children, will constitute qualifying shares that count toward satisfaction of the Stock Ownership Guidelines,
and that any deferred or restricted stock units, OP units and LTIP units (with each such OP unit and LTIP unit counting as, and having
a value equivalent to, one share of our common stock) owned by the executive officer or director will also constitute qualifying shares
that count toward satisfaction of the Stock Ownership Guidelines. Any shares underlying stock options will not count toward satisfaction
of the Stock Ownership Guidelines.

As of December 31,
2024, all of our directors and executive officers were in compliance with our Stock Ownership Guidelines or on track to be compliant within
the five-year period specified by the guidelines.

Pledging Policy

Our board
of directors has adopted a Pledging Policy Regarding Company Securities (the Pledging Policy). The Pledging Policy is designed
to achieve the following goals:

prohibit any pledging by executive officers or directors for the purpose of hedging the pledgors
exposure to fluctuations in the Companys stock price;

strictly limit the amount of leverage allowed on executive officer or director loans from third parties
for which a portion of their holdings of Company equity securities have been pledged as collateral, to protect the Company and its stockholders
from potential risks associated with a forced sale by the lender;

require audit committee pre-certification and pre-approval prior to the entry by any executive officer
or director into any proposed loan or other arrangement requiring the pledging of Company securities; and

foster and encourage our executive officers and directors to maintain and increase their equity ownership
levels well above the levels mandated by the Companys Stock Ownership Guidelines, thereby strengthening the alignment of their
economic interests in the Company with those of stockholders, in part by permitting them, subject to the strict leverage restrictions,
pre-approval and ongoing audit committee monitoring and oversight addressed above, to pledge a limited amount of their Company equity
to secure loans. Such limited pledging will offer them access to liquidity, for purposes other than to serve as a hedge, and provide them
with an alternative to the sale of such Company equity and the resulting, undesirable reduction in equity ownership and dilution of alignment
of interests with stockholders.

Our board
of directors will foster and encourage high levels of equity ownership of the Companys equity securities by our executive officers
and directors in the interest of providing the strongest-possible incentive to align the interests of our executive officers and directors
with those of our stockholders. Our board of directors believes that an absolute prohibition on pledging would run counter to these objectives,
with the unintended and undesirable consequence of leaving our executive officers and directors with no means of accessing legitimate
liquidity needs, other than by the sale of their Company securities holdings.

The Pledging
Policy entirely prohibits the Companys executive officers and directors from pledging, or otherwise using as collateral to secure
any loan or other obligation, any Company securities that such executive officer or director is required to hold pursuant to the Companys
Stock Ownership Guidelines.

The Pledging
Policy prohibits any pledging by executive officers or directors for the purpose of hedging the pledgors exposure to fluctuations
in the Companys stock price.

12

The Pledging
Policy strictly limits pledges by our executive officers and directors, subject to audit committee oversight, to only those Company securities
they hold in excess of the Stock Ownership Guidelines applicable to them (such excess, to the extent pledged, the Pledged Shares).
The Pledging Policy requires executive officers and directors to pre-certify and obtain pre-approval from the audit committee for any
such new pledging arrangement, and requires re-certification to the audit committee of compliance with the Pledging Policy with respect
to existing pledging arrangements. In addition, the Pledging Policy requires all pledgors to annually certify to the audit committee his
or her ongoing compliance therewith.

The Pledging
Policy further limits the number of permitted Pledged Shares by setting a maximum leverage rate of thirty percent (30%), such that the
number of Pledged Shares cannot exceed, on an annual basis, thirty percent (30%) of the time-weighted value of the lenders entire
collateral package, inclusive of the Pledged Shares.

The audit
committee monitors compliance with the Pledging Policy by requiring certain certifications from each executive officer or director with
a new or existing loan secured in part by Pledged Shares. Prior to entering into any such new pledge, an executive officer or director
must certify to the audit committee that the pledge is limited to only such Company securities held in excess of the applicable Stock
Ownership Guidelines, and that its sole purpose is not to serve as a hedging arrangement. With respect to previously existing pledge arrangements,
promptly following adoption of the Pledging Policy, each executive officer or director must certify to the audit committee that its existing
pledge arrangement is not for the sole purpose of serving as a hedging arrangement. In addition, within ten (10) days following each
annual meeting of the Companys stockholders, each pledgor must certify to the audit committee that its Pledged Shares comprised
thirty percent (30%) or less of the time-weighted value of the creditors collateral package, inclusive of the Pledged Shares.

The Pledging
Policys restrictions, structuring and certification obligations are intended to mitigate the risks from a forced sale due to a
default under the subject loan or as a result of a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock, should such market price
be the valuation parameter applicable to the lenders collateral package. First, even if an event occurred that would enable a lender
to exercise forced sale rights, the fact that the Pledged Shares are limited to thirty percent (30%) of the time-weighted collateral package
means that the lender should have other sources of collateral with which to cover its loan, and thus may not pursue a forced sale, even
if authorized to do so. Further, to the extent that the subject loan has covenants tied to the value of its overall collateral package,
valuing the Pledged Shares according to the market price of our Class A common stock mitigates the risk related to even a precipitous
drop in such market price, as such a drop might not result in a significant reduction in the value of the lenders overall collateral
package to the point of causing a default, in which case, all else being equal, the lender would not have a forced sale right at all.

The Pledging
Policy simultaneously fulfills the objectives and strategy of the board of directors to further the alignment of stockholder interests
by heavily weighting the compensation of our executive officers and directors in Company equity, while recognizing their legitimate need
to access liquidity from their earned equity if desired, providing them with a method to do so without having to sell their equity to
access that liquidity, thereby reducing their ownership and diluting their alignment with stockholder interests.

Anti-Hedging Policy

Our Insider
Trading Policy expressly prohibits our directors, officers and employees from engaging in any of the following hedging transactions with
respect to any Company securities at any time: short sales (including short sales against the box); buying or selling puts
or calls; buying financial instruments designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities owned by the
individual directly or indirectly, including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds; and frequent
trading to take advantage of fluctuations in share price.

Clawback Policy

Our compensation
committee has adopted a policy on the possible recoupment, or clawback, of Incentive Fees from our Manager. The policy will
be invoked in the event that (a) the Company is required to restate its financial statements due to material noncompliance with any
financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws (whether or not based on fraud or misconduct) and the board of directors
or the compensation committee has not determined that such restatement (i) is required or permitted under GAAP in connection with
the adoption or implementation of a new accounting standard, or (ii) was caused by the Companys decision to change its accounting
practice, as permitted by applicable law, and (b) the performance measurement period with respect to such Incentive Fees includes
one or more fiscal periods affected by such restatement.

13

In such event,
under the terms of the policy, our board of directors or the compensation committee will determine whether, within three (3) completed
fiscal years preceding the restatement date and any interim period, our Manager received Incentive Fees in excess of the amount to which
it would otherwise have been entitled based on the restated financial statements (such excess amount, Excess Compensation).
If the board of directors or the compensation committee determines that our Manager received Excess Compensation, the Company will be
entitled to recover such Excess Compensation from the Manager, and our board of directors or the compensation committee, in its sole discretion
and subject to applicable law, will take such action as it deems necessary to recover such Excess Compensation. Such actions may include
requiring repayment or return of prior Incentive Fees paid to our Manager, including Incentive Fees not affected by the accounting restatement,
or adjusting the amounts of future fees payable to our Manager.

Our board
of directors and compensation committee recognize that the Dodd-Frank legislation enacted in 2010 may, following rulemaking, require some
modification of these policies. Our board of directors and compensation committee intend to review any rules adopted as a result
of that legislation and to adopt any modifications to these policies that become required by applicable law

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The table below sets forth,
as of March 19, 2025, certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of our Class A common stock, shares of
our Class C common stock, and shares of common stock issuable upon redemption of OP Units and LTIP Units, for (1) each person
known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (2) each of our directors and named executive
officers, and (3) all of our directors and named executive officers as a group. Each person named in the table has sole voting and
investment power with respect to all of the shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person, except as otherwise set
forth in the notes to the table.

The SEC has defined beneficial
ownership of a security to mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of voting power and/or investment power over such security.
A stockholder is also deemed to be, as of any date, the beneficial owner of all securities that such stockholder has the right to acquire
within 60 days after that date through (1) the exercise of any option, warrant or right, (2) the conversion of a security, (3) the
power to revoke a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement or (4) the automatic termination of a trust, discretionary
account or similar arrangement. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that
person, our shares of common stock subject to options, vesting, or other rights (as set forth above) held by that person that are exercisable
or will become exercisable within 60 days thereafter, are deemed outstanding, while such shares are not deemed outstanding for purposes
of computing percentage ownership of any other person.

14

Name of Beneficial Owner Title of Class of

Securities Owned Amount and

Nature of

Beneficial

Ownership Percent of

Class(2) Amount of

Beneficial

Ownership Percent of

Common

Stock(3) 

Directors and Named Executive Officers(1) 

Named Executive Officers 

R. Ramin Kamfar Class A Common Stock 2,019 * 1,225,432 9.73 %

Class C Common Stock 5,247 61.81 % 

OP Units(4) 156,214 2.12 % 

LTIP Units(5)(6) 1,061,952 78.05 % 

Jordan Ruddy Class A Common Stock 1,820 * 216,844 1.72 %

Class C Common Stock 1,083 12.76 % 

OP Units(7) 126,667 1.72 % 

LTIP Units(8) 87,274 6.41 % 

Ryan S. MacDonald Class C Common Stock 341 4.02 % 519,602 4.13 %

OP Units 481,085 6.53 % 

LTIP Units(9) 38,176 2.81 % 

James G. Babb, III Class C Common Stock 1,364 16.07 % 778,979 6.19 %

OP Units 767,988 10.43 % 

LTIP Units(10) 9,627 * 

Christopher J. Vohs Class A Common Stock 1,821 * 98,962 * 

OP Units 84,412 1.15 % 

LTIP Units(11) 12,729 * 

Michael DiFranco Class A Common Stock 419 * 73,301 * 

OP Units 55,881 * 

LTIP Units(12) 17,001 1.25 % 

Jason Emala Class A Common Stock 596 * 12,105 * 

LTIP Units(13) 11,509 * 

Independent Directors 

I. Bobby Majumder Class A Common Stock 1,778 * 45,130 * 

OP Units 23,356 * 

LTIP Units 19,996 1.47 % 

Elizabeth Harrison OP Units 19,470 * 39,466 * 

LTIP Units 19,996 1.47 % 

Kamal Jafarnia OP Units 14,562 * 34,558 * 

LTIP Units 19,996 1.47 % 

Romano Tio Class A Common Stock 3,211 * 46,563 * 

OP Units 23,356 * 

LTIP Units 19,996 1.47 % 

All directors and named executive officers as a group (11 persons) 3,090,942 24.55 % 3,090,942 24.55 %

5% Stockholders: 

Par Sanda

501 N. Birch Rd, Unit 3

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304(14) Class A Common Stock 571,042 14.81 % 571,042 4.54 %

The Radoff Family Foundation

2727 Kirby Drive, Unit 29L

Houston, TX 77098(15) Class A Common Stock 344,800 8.94 % 344,800 2.74 %

Hedgehog Capital LLC

1117 E. Putnam Ave #320

Riverside, CT 06878(16) Class A Common Stock 337,952 8.76 % 337,952 2.68 %

Quinn Opportunity Partners LLC

2 Boars Head Place, Suite 250

Charlottesville, VA 22903(17) Class A Common Stock 227,071 5.89 % 227,071 1.80 %

* Less than 1%.

15

(1) The
address of each beneficial owner listed is 919 Third Avenue, 40th Floor, New York, New York 10022.

(2) Numbers
and percentages in the table are based on 3,856,133 shares of Class A common stock outstanding, 8,489 shares of Class C common
stock outstanding, 7,365,735 OP Units outstanding and 1,360,688 vested LTIP Units outstanding, in each case as of March 19, 2025,
for a total of 12,591,045 shares of Class A Common Stock, Class C Common Stock, OP Units and vested LTIP Units outstanding.
However, numbers and percentages do not include 298,256 remaining unvested LTIP Units outstanding as of March 19, 2025 as addressed
in footnotes (5) through (13) below. Percentages for all named executive officers and directors as a group is based on the combined
total of all 12,591,045 shares of Class A Common Stock, Class C Common Stock, OP Units and vested LTIP Units outstanding, as
each is an equivalent unit of ownership.

(3) Percent
of Common Stock for each executive officer, director, and 5% stockholder is calculated using the combined total of all shares of Class A
common stock, Class C common stock, OP Units and vested LTIP Units owned by each such individual, as each is an equivalent unit of
ownership, relative to the combined total of 12,591,045 shares of Class A common stock, Class C common stock, OP Units and LTIP
Units outstanding as of March 19, 2025.

(4) In
addition, certain irrevocable trusts associated with Mr. Kamfar, of which members of Mr. Kamfars
immediate family are the beneficiaries, hold an aggregate of 4,753,551
OP Units.

(5) Total
includes 15,376 LTIP Units issued to the Manager as part of an initial staking grant on November 3, 2022 (the Initial Staking
Grant), of which 7,688 vested on each of November 3, 2023 and November 3, 2024. Total does not include (i) 23,063
remaining unvested LTIP Units issued to the Manager in connection with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably on an annual
basis on each of November 3, 2025, November 3, 2026 and November 3, 2027 (collectively, the Remaining Initial Staking
Grant Vesting Dates). As the indirect controlling person of the Manager, Mr. Kamfar possesses sole voting and investment power
over LTIP Units that are currently held by the Manager.

(6) Total
includes 50,405 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Kamfar as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 25,203 vested on November 3,
2023 and 25,202 vested on November 3, 2024. Total does not include 75,606 remaining unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Kamfar
in connection with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably on an annual basis over the Remaining Initial Staking Grant Vesting
Dates.

(7) In
addition, an irrevocable trust associated with Mr. Ruddy, of which members of Mr. Ruddys
immediate family are the beneficiaries, holds an aggregate of 646,936
OP Units.

16

(8) Total
includes (i) 17,087 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Ruddy as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 8,544 vested on November 3,
2023 and 8,543 vested on November 3, 2024, (ii) 23,057 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Ruddy as part of the annual long term equity
incentive grant on May 25, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Incentive Grant), of which 11,529 vested on May 25, 2024 and
11,528 will vest on April 1, 2025, and (iii) 14,851 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Ruddy as part of the 2024 annual long term
equity incentive grant on April 30, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant), which will vest on April 30, 2025.
Total does not include (i) 25,629 remaining unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Ruddy in connection with the Initial Staking Grant,
which will vest ratably over the Remaining Initial Staking Grant Vesting Dates, (ii) 11,528 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Ruddy
as part of the 2023 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest on April 1, 2026 (the Remaining 2023 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting
Date), or (iii) 29,701 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Ruddy as part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will
vest ratably on each of April 30, 2026 and April 30, 2027 (collectively, the Remaining 2024 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting
Dates).

(9) Total
includes (i) 32,464 LTIP Units issued to Mr. MacDonald as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 16,232 vested on each
of November 3, 2023 and November 3, 2024, and (ii) 5,712 LTIP Units issued to Mr. MacDonald as part of the 2024 Annual
Incentive Grant, which will vest on April 30, 2025. Total does not include (i) 48,696 remaining unvested LTIP Units issued to
Mr. MacDonald in connection with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining Initial Staking Grant Vesting
Dates, or (ii) 11,424 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. MacDonald as part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest
ratably over the Remaining 2024 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting Dates.

(10) Total
includes (i) 6,836 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Babb as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 3,418 vested on each of November 3,
2023 and November 3, 2024, (ii) 1,648 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Babb as part of the 2023 Annual Incentive Grant ,of which
824 vested on May 25, 2024 and 824 will vest on April 1, 2025, and (iii) 1,143 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Babb as part
of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest on April 30, 2025. Total does not include (i) 10,251 remaining unvested
LTIP Units issued to Mr. Babb in connection with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining Initial Staking
Grant Vesting Dates, (ii) 823 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Babb as part of the 2023 Annual Incentive Grant, which will
vest on the Remaining 2023 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting Date, or (iii) 2,285 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Babb as part
of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining 2024 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting Dates.

(11) Total
includes (i) 8,544 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Vohs as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 4,272 vested on each of November 3,
2023 and November 3, 2024, (ii) 2,471 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Vohs as part of the 2023 Annual Incentive Grant of which
1,236 vested on May 25, 2024 and 1,235 will vest on April 1, 2025, and (iii) 1,714 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Vohs as
part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest on April 30, 2025. Total does not include (i) 12,814 remaining unvested
LTIP Units issued to Mr. Vohs in connection with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining Initial Staking
Grant Vesting Dates, (ii) 1,235 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Vohs as part of the 2023 Annual Incentive Grant, which will
vest on the Remaining 2023 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting Date, or (iii) 3,427 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Vohs as part
of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining 2024 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting Dates.

(12) Total
includes (i) 12,816 LTIP Units issued to Mr. DiFranco as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 6,408 vested on each of
November 3, 2023 and November 3, 2024, (ii) 2,471 LTIP Units issued to Mr. DiFranco as part of the 2023 Annual Incentive
Grant, of which 1,236 vested on May 25, 2024 and 1,235 will vest on April 1, 2025. and (iii) 1,714 LTIP Units issued to
Mr. DiFranco as part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest on April 30, 2025. Total does not include (i) 19,221
remaining unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. DiFranco in connection with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably over the
Remaining Initial Staking Grant Vesting Dates, (ii) 1,235 unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. DiFranco as part of the 2023 Annual
Incentive Grant , which will vest on the Remaining 2023 Annual Incentive Grant Vesting Date, or (iii) 3,427 unvested LTIP Units issued
to Mr. DiFranco as part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining 2024 Annual Incentive Grant
Vesting Dates.

17

(13) Total
includes (i) 10,252 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Emala as part of the Initial Staking Grant, of which 5,126 vested on each of November 3,
2023 and November 3, 2024, and (ii) 1,257 LTIP Units issued to Mr. Emala as part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which
will vest on April 30, 2025. Total does not include (i) 15,378 remaining unvested LTIP Units issued to Mr. Emala in connection
with the Initial Staking Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining Initial Staking Grant Vesting Dates, or (ii) 2,513 unvested
LTIP Units issued to Mr. Emala as part of the 2024 Annual Incentive Grant, which will vest ratably over the Remaining 2024 Annual
Incentive Grant Vesting Dates.

(14) Based
on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. Includes holdings of a limited liability company of which Par Sanda
is Managing Member and through which Par Sanda may be deemed beneficial owner of 571,042 shares of our Class A common stock. Par
Sanda has sole voting power with respect to 571,042 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 571,042 shares, and shared voting
and/or dispositive power with respect to no shares, in each case, of our Class A common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership
has been adjusted to reflect our actual shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 19,
2025.

(15) Based
on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025. The Radoff Family Foundation has sole voting power with respect to 344,800
shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 344,800 shares, and shared voting and/or dispositive power with respect to no shares, in
each case, of our Class A common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership has been adjusted to reflect our actual shares of
Class A common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 19, 2025.

(16) Based
on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 7, 2025. Hedgehog Capital LLC has sole voting power with respect to 337,952 shares,
sole dispositive power with respect to 337,952 shares, and shared voting and/or dispositive power with respect to no shares, in each case,
of our Class A common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership has been adjusted to reflect our actual shares of Class A
common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 19, 2025.

(17) Based on
the Schedule 13F filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025. Quinn Opportunity Partners LLC has shared voting power with respect to
232,071 shares, shared dispositive power with respect to 227,071 shares, and sole voting and/or dispositive power with respect to no shares,
in each case, of our Class A common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership has been adjusted to reflect our actual shares
of Class A common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 19, 2025.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans

The following
table provides information about the amount of securities available under the 2022 Incentive Plans, as of December 31, 2024:

Plan Category Number of

Securities to be

Issued Upon

Exercise of

Outstanding Options,

Warrants and

Rights Weighted-Average

Exercise Price of

Outstanding

Options,

Warrants and

Rights Number of Securities

Remaining

Available

for Future

Issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 441,845 (1)

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total: 441,845 (1) 

(1) Total does not include the 2,397,109 shares subject to awards granted under the Prior Plans that may become
available for issuance or reissuance, as applicable, under the 2022 Incentive Plans if such awards are forfeited, canceled or otherwise
terminated (other than by exercise).

18

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions

Management Agreement

We, the Operating Partnership
and our Manager are parties to the Management Agreement. The Management Agreement requires our Manager to manage our business affairs
in conformity with our investment guidelines and other policies that are approved and monitored by our board of directors. Our Managers
role as Manager will be under the supervision and direction of our board of directors. For more information regarding the Management Agreement,
please refer to the discussion under Our Manager and Related AgreementsManagement Agreement.

For the year ended December 31,
2024, the company recorded a base management fee of $9.1 million, of which $3.6 million was or shall be paid in C-LTIP Units with the
remainder paid in cash. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the company recorded a base management fee of $7.9 million, of which
all was paid in C-LTIP Units. There have been no incentive fee expenses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

For the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, the company recorded operating expense reimbursements of $4.4 million and $2.8 million, respectively. Commencing with the
operating expense reimbursement for the first quarter 2024, the company paid, and expects to continue to pay, the operating expense reimbursement
to the Manager entirely in cash; prior to the first quarter 2024, the company paid the operating expense reimbursement to the Manager
entirely through the issuance of C-LTIP Units. The operating expense reimbursement for the year ended December 31, 2024 included
reimbursements to the Manager in the aggregate amount of $2.9 million for accounting and legal services. Prior to the fourth quarter 2023,
the Manager elected to not seek reimbursements for accounting and legal services during the companys first year of operations.
In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the company recorded direct expense reimbursements of $0.4 million and
$0.3 million, respectively, which were paid to the Manager in cash. Both the operating and direct expense reimbursements were recorded
as part of general and administrative expenses in the companys consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.

The table below presents
the related party amounts payable to the Manager at December 31, 2024 and 2023 pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement
(amounts in thousands). The Company records these payables in due to affiliates in its consolidated balance sheets.

Amounts payable to the Manager under the Management Agreement 2024 2023 

Base management fee $ 2,490 $ 2,048 

Operating and direct expense reimbursements 1,224 1,365 

Offering expense reimbursements 148 96 

Total amounts payable to the Manager $ 3,862 $ 3,509 

Leasehold Cost-Sharing Agreement with Bluerock
Real Estate Holdings, LLC

In connection with a new
lease on the companys New York (Manhattan) headquarters, effective May 31, 2024, the company and an unaffiliated third-party
landlord entered into a lease for separate corporate space (the NY Premises Lease) located at 919 Third Avenue, New York,
New York (the NY Premises). The NY Premises Lease commenced in November 2024 when the landlord made the NY Premises
available to the company to begin its own alterations and improvements. With respect to the NY Premises, the company and Bluerock Real
Estate Holdings, LLC (BREH), which is an affiliate of the Manager, entered into a leasehold cost-sharing agreement (the
Leasehold Cost-Sharing Agreement) to provide for the allocation and sharing between BREH and the company of the costs thereunder,
including costs associated with tenant improvements. BREH and certain of its respective subsidiaries and/or affiliates will share occupancy
of the NY Premises. Under the Leasehold Cost-Sharing Agreement, if there is a change in control of either BREH or the company, the
allocation of costs under the Leasehold Cost-Sharing Agreement shall be modified to thereafter allocate such costs based on the average
of the cost-sharing percentages between BREH and the company over the four most recently-completed calendar quarters immediately
preceding the change in control date (or shall be the average cost-sharing percentages over such shorter period, if the change in
control occurs earlier than the completion of four calendar quarters). Under the NY Premises Lease, the company, through its Operating
Partnership, issued a payment of approximately $450,000 as a security deposit. Payment by BREH of any amounts payable under the Leasehold
Cost-Sharing Agreement to the company will be made in cash.

19

The table below presents
the related party amounts receivable from BREH at December 31, 2024 pursuant to the terms of the Leasehold Cost-Sharing Agreement
(amounts in thousands). No amounts were receivable from BREH at December 31, 2023. The Company records these receivables in due from
affiliates in its consolidated balance sheets.

Amounts receivable from BREH under the Leasehold Cost-Sharing Agreement 2024 

Capital improvement cost reimbursements $ 925 

Operating and direct expense reimbursements 124 

Total amounts receivable from the Manager $ 1,049 

At December 31, 2024
and 2023, the company had no other receivables due from any related parties.

BR Amira DST Manager, LLC - Amira at Westly
DST

The Company has agreed to
pay an asset management fee equal to 0.02% per annum of the Amira at Westly purchase price of $103 million, or $206,000 annually, to BR
Amira DST Manager, LLC, which is wholly owned by Bluerock Asset Management, LLC. During the year ended December 31 2024, the company
incurred a total asset management fee related to Amira at Westly of $35,000 which is recorded within property management and asset management
fees on the companys consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The company did not incur any asset management
fees related to Amira at Westly in 2023. In addition, the company incurred a one-time acquisition fee of $2.1 million payable to BR Amira
DST Manager, LLC upon the completion of the Amira at Westly private placement offering.

The table below presents
the related party amounts payable to BR Amira DST Manager, LLC at December 31, 2024 (amounts in thousands). No amounts were payable
at December 31, 2023. The Company records these payables in due to affiliates in its consolidated balance sheets.

Amounts payable to BR Amira DST Manager, LLC 2024 

One-time acquisition fee $ 2,083 

Asset management fees 35 

Total amounts payable to BR Amira DST Manager, LLC $ 2,118 

Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees

In conjunction with the offering
of the companys Series A Preferred Stock, the company engaged a related party as dealer manager, and pays up to 10% of the
gross offering proceeds from the offering as selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The dealer manager re-allows the substantial
majority of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees to participating broker-dealers and incurs costs in excess of the 10%, which
costs are borne by the dealer manager without reimbursement by the company. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the company incurred
$7.3 million in selling commissions and discounts and $3.1 million in dealer manager fees and discounts related to its offering of Series A
Preferred Stock. In addition, the Manager was, or shall be, reimbursed for offering costs of $1.0 million in conjunction with the offering
of Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2024. The selling commissions, dealer manager fees, discounts
and reimbursements for offering costs were recorded as a reduction to the proceeds of the offering.

Related Person Transaction Policy

Our board of directors has
adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy, for which the audit committee oversees compliance. The purpose of this policy is
to describe the procedures used to identify, review and approve any existing or proposed transaction, arrangement, relationship (or series
of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which (a) we, our Operating Partnership or any of our subsidiaries were,
are or will be a participant, (b) the aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000, and (c) a related person has or will
have a direct or indirect interest. For purposes of this policy, a related person will be (i) any person who is, or at any time since
the beginning of the current fiscal year was, a director, director nominee, or executive officer of the company, (ii) any beneficial
owner of more than 5% of our stock, or (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons.

Under this policy, our audit
committee is responsible for reviewing and approving or ratifying each related person transaction or proposed related person transaction.
In determining whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction, the audit committee is required to consider all relevant facts
and circumstances of the related person transaction available to the audit committee and to approve only those related person transactions
that are in the best interests of the company, as the audit committee determines in good faith. No member of the audit committee will
be permitted to participate in any consideration of a related person transaction with respect to which that member or any of his or her
immediate family is a related person. A copy of the Related Person Transaction Policy is available at www.bluerock.com/bluerock-homes-trust/governance-documents.

20

Director Independence and Independence Determinations

Under our
Corporate Governance Guidelines, a majority of the members of our board of directors, and all of the members of our audit committee, compensation
committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee, must be independent. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines define
an independent director in accordance with the NYSE American Company Guide and under applicable law. In addition, audit
and compensation committee members are subject to the additional independence requirements of applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing
standards. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require our board of directors to review the independence of all directors at least annually.
A director is not independent unless our board of directors affirmatively determines that he or she does not have a material relationship
with us (either directly or as a partner, director, member, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us).

Our Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors, R. Ramin Kamfar, is affiliated with us and we do not consider Mr. Kamfar
to be an independent director. In making its independence determination with respect to our other current directors, our board of directors
considered the following:

Messrs. Jafarnia, Majumder and Tio each serve as an independent Trustee of the Board of Trustees
of Bluerock Total Income + Real Estate Fund, a closed-end interval fund organized by Bluerock (the Real Estate Fund), and
each also serves as an independent Trustee of the Board of Bluerock High Income Institutional Credit Fund, a registered interval fund
organized by Bluerock (the Credit Fund). Serving as a director or trustee of, or having an ownership interest in, another
program sponsored by Bluerock will not, by itself, preclude independent director status. None of these directors has ever served as (or
is related to) an employee of ours or any of our predecessors or acquired companies or received or earned any compensation from us or
any such other entities except for compensation directly related to service as a director of us, the Real Estate Fund or the Credit Fund.

Mr. Tio previously served as Senior Managing Director with Greystone, a commercial real estate finance
and investment firm. Prior to Mr. Tios employment with Greystone, in January 2021, Greystone provided a bridge loan to
one of the development projects of Bluerock Residential, and Greystone may provide financing on Company projects in the future. Mr. Tio
is no longer an employee with Greystone, and does not have a role as an officer, partner or shareholder with Greystone. As an employee
with Greystone, Mr. Tio was screened from and was not personally involved in any transactions with the Company. In addition, Mr. Tios
compensation was not affected by the amount of interest, fees or other income earned by Greystone from any such transaction with the Company.
The amounts involved in any such transactions are not expected to represent a material percentage of the Companys, or Greystones,
revenues, nor should any such transaction constitute a related-party transaction because Mr. Tio will not have a direct or indirect
material interest therein.

Having considered
these and other relevant factors, our board of directors, on recommendation of the nominating and corporate governance committee, affirmatively
determined that each of Elizabeth Harrison, Kamal Jafarnia, I. Bobby Majumder and Romano Tio has no material relationship with us
that would impair his or her independent judgment as a director, and qualifies as independent under the standards of the NYSE American,
the SEC and our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including with respect to committee membership on the committees on which they serve.

Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services

Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

Grant Thornton
LLP (Grant Thornton) has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since December 8, 2021. The appointment
of Grant Thornton as our independent registered public accountants was unanimously approved by the audit committee of our board of directors.
We expect that a representative of Grant Thornton will be present at the Annual Meeting. The representative of Grant Thornton will have
the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.

21

Pre-Approval Policies and
Procedures

In order
to ensure that the provision of the auditing services, and all permitted non-audit services, performed for us by our independent auditors
(including the fees and terms thereof) do not impair the auditors independence, the board of directors approved, on September 19,
2022, the Audit Committee Charter, which includes an Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy for Audit and Non-audit Services. The Audit Committee
Pre-Approval Policy for Audit and Non-audit Services requires the audit committee to pre-approve, to the extent required by applicable
law, all audit and non-audit engagements and the related fees and terms with the independent auditors. In determining whether or not to
pre-approve services, the audit committee considers whether the service is a permissible service under the rules and regulations
promulgated by the SEC. In addition, the audit committee may, in its discretion, delegate one or more of its members the authority to
pre-approve any audit or non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors, provided any such approval is presented to and
approved by the full audit committee at its next scheduled meeting.

Since October 6,
2022, when we became a reporting company under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, all services rendered by our independent auditors
have been pre-approved in accordance with the policies and procedures described above.

Principal Auditor Fees and
Services

The aggregate
fees billed to us for professional accounting services, including the audit of our annual financial statements by Grant Thornton for the
years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are set forth in the table below (amounts in thousands):

2024 2023 

Audit fees $ 597 $ 535 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total $ 597 $ 535 

For purposes of the preceding
table, professional fees are classified as follows:

Audit fees These are fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual financial
statements and the required review of quarterly financial statements and other procedures performed by the independent auditors in order
for them to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. These fees also cover services that are normally provided
by independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.

Audit-related fees These are fees for assurance and related services that traditionally are performed
by independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements, such as due
diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, internal control
reviews and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

Tax fees These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff in our independent
auditors tax division, except those services related to the audit of our financial statements. These include fees for tax compliance,
tax planning and tax advice, including federal, state and local issues. Services may also include assistance with tax audits and appeals
before the IRS and similar state and local agencies, as well as federal, state and local tax issues related to due diligence.

All other fees These are fees for any services not included in the above-described categories.

22

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

BLUEROCK HOMES TRUST, INC.

Date: April 7,
2025 By: /s/ Christopher J. Vohs

Christopher J. Vohs

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>bhm-20250407.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bhm-20250407_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bhm-20250407_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41322

Entity Registrant Name Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001903382

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-4211187

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 919 Third Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 40th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 843-1601

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol BHM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bluerockhomes.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bhm-20250407.xsd 
bhm-20250407_lab.xml 
bhm-20250407_pre.xml 
tm2511668d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-032496-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm2511668d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001903382 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001903382 
8-K 
2025-04-07 
Bluerock Homes Trust, Inc. 
MD 
001-41322 
87-4211187 
919 Third Avenue 
40th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
843-1601 
Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
BHM 
NYSE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>