<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005302.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005302.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417172229
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005302
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trio Petroleum Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001898766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				871968201
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41643
		FILM NUMBER:		25848489

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 BUSINESS PARK, SUITE 115
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(44)7581-192-515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 BUSINESS PARK, SUITE 115
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93309
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189876600018987662025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 11, 2025

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41643 87-1968201

(State
or other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA93309

(661)324-3911

(Address
and telephone number, including area code, of registrants principal executive offices)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share TPET The
NYSE American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry
Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Convertible
Note Financing

Principal,
Funding Amount and Net Proceeds of Convertible Note Financing

On
April 11, 2025, Trio Petroleum Corp. (the Company) issued an Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note (the Note)
to an institutional investor (the Investor) in a principal amount of $321,176 (the Note Principal Amount),
having an original issue discount of $48,176, or 15%, resulting in a funding amount of $273,000 (the Note Funding Amount).
After the payment of a commission of $15,015 (5.5% of the First Note Funding Amount) to Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (Spartan)
and the payment of $10,000 to reimburse the First Investor for its legal fees, the Company received net proceeds of $247,985.

On
April 17, 2025, the Company issued to the Investor an amended and restated Note increasing the Note Funding Amount to $606,000 and the
Note Principal Amount to $712,941 (the Amended and Restated Note).

Prepayment
of Notes

The
Company may prepay all or any portion of the Note at any time (without penalty or premium if prepaid on or before July 10, 2025, and
thereafter by paying a ten percent (10%) prepayment penalty. The maturity date of the Note is October 10, 2025.

Conversion
of Notes

The
Investor may request conversion of the Note into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Conversion
Shares). Additionally, the Company has the right to require the Investor to convert itsNote in the event that at such time,
for each of the 10 preceding trading days prior to such date(i)
the closing price of the common stock on the NYSE American or any other principal securities exchange on which the common stock is then
traded (the Principal Exchange) is at least $0.58, (ii) all of the Conversion Shares have been registered for resale under
an effective registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, (iii) an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)
has not occurred and then continuing, (iv) the daily dollar trading volume for the common stock on
the Principal Exchange exceeds $500,000 per trading day, and the common stock listed and traded (and shall not have been suspended) on
the Principal Exchange.Furthermore, any conversion
may not result in the issuance of shares of common stock to an Investor,which
would cause theInvestor,
along with its affiliates, to own more than 4.99% (9.99%, if elected by the Investor) of the Companys then outstanding shares
of common stock.

Conversion
Price and Maximum Number of Conversion Shares

The
conversion price of the Note is equal to 75%of
the lowest closing bid price for the common stock on the Principal Exchange, during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the date
a notice of conversion is provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be less than a floor price of $0.48
(the Floor Price); provided that if the conversion is effected at a time when the calculated
Conversion Price is less than the Floor Price, the Company is required to make up the economic deficiency in cash.Based
on the Floor Price of $0.48 and the Principal Amount of $712,941 the
maximum number of Conversion Shares that may be issued by the Company to the Investor is 1,485,293
shares of common stock.

Event
of Default

The
Note also contains customary provisions constituting an Event of Default and, if an Event of Default has existed for at least
10 days without being cured, the Note may be accelerated by the Investor, in which case it will become immediately due and payable.
If the outstanding balance is not paid within 10 days after the occurrence of an Event of Default and the Conversion Shares have not
been registered under a Registration Statement or available for sale pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, then
the amount of the outstanding balance of the Note will be increased to 150% of the amount of the then outstanding balance and default
interest will begin to accrue at a rate of 20% per annum, until the entire outstanding balance has been repaid and/or converted.

Registration
Rights

Under
the terms of the Note, the Investor has been granted piggyback registration rights providing them with the right
to include the Conversion Shares in a registration statement filed by the Company to offer the Companys securities or to register
shares of common stock for resale by others, excluding certain types of registration statements.

The above descriptions
of the Note and the Amended and Restated Note are qualified in its entirety by the
text of each of them, copies
of which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 and
Exhibit 4.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information disclosed under Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03 to the extent required.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained above under Item 1.01, to the extent applicable, is hereby incorporated by reference herein. The offering and sale
of the Note and the issuance of the Conversion Shares was made in a private placement transaction exempt for registration in
reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and
corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws.

None
of the securities have been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United
States absent registration with the Commission or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Neither this Current Report
on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of common stock or other
securities of the Company.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Trio Petroleum Corp., dated as of April 11, 2025.

4.2 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Trio Petroleum Corp., dated as of April 17, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Date:
April 17, 2025 By: /s/
Robin Ross

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE SHARES ISSUSABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR
BENEFIT OF DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
or (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

Principal Amount: $321,176 Issuance Date: April 11, 2025 (Issuance Date)

Funding Amount: $273,000 Maturity Date: October 10, 2025 (Maturity
Date)

TRIO
PETROLEUM CORP.

Unsecured
Original Discount Convertible Promissory Note

For
Value Received,Trio Petroleum Corp., a Delaware corporation
(Trio), promises to pay to (Holder), the principal sum of $321,176 U.S. Dollars in accordance with the terms
of this original discount unsecured convertible promissory note (this Note). 

On
the Issuance Date, Holder shall provide by wire to Trio, pursuant to wire instructions provided by Trio, the sum of $273,000, after application
of the original discount of $48,176.

This
Note is one of two Convertible Unsecured Original Discount Convertible Promissory Notes being issued on the Issuance Date, for an aggregate
funding amount of $606,000 and in an aggregate principal amount of $712,941.

This
Note is subject to the following terms and conditions:

1.
Payment. The principal amount of this Note, together with all other amounts owing from Trio to Holder hereunder (less amounts
that have been prepaid in accordance with the terms hereof or converted in accordance with Section 2) (the Outstanding
Obligations) shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. Trio may prepay the Outstanding Obligations under this Note at any
time without penalty or premium, if prepaid within ninety (90) days after the Issuance Date and then by paying a ten percent (10%) prepayment
penalty, if prepaid at any time thereafter. All payments to be made to Holder shall be made in the lawful money of the United States
of America in immediately available funds. Whenever any payment hereunder to be made shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day,
such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day. Payments hereunder shall be delivered to Holder at such address as is
specified by prior written notice by Holder to Trio. Payments (or conversions in accordance with Section 2) of the Outstanding
Obligations under this Note shall first be applied to the principal amount owed hereunder, then to the accrued but unpaid interest thereof,
if applicable, and then to any other Outstanding Obligations under this Note. After all Outstanding Obligations under this Note has been
satisfied in full (including by conversion) in accordance with the terms hereof, this Note shall be surrendered to Trio for cancellation
and shall not be reissued.

2.
Conversion

(a)
Voluntary Conversion. Commencing on the Issuance Date, so long as there remain any Outstanding Obligations under this Note, the
principal amount under this Note, along with all other Outstanding Obligations, shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares
of common stock (the Conversion Shares) of Trio, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at the option
of Holder, at the Conversion Price (defined hereafter) at any time and from time to time thereafter. Holder shall effect conversions
by delivering to Trio a notice of conversion (each, a Conversion Notice), specifying therein the amount of the Outstanding
Obligations under this Note to be converted. Any conversions pursuant to this Section 2(a) are subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitations set forth in Section 2(e) hereafter.

(b)
Required Conversion. On any date that there continues to be any Outstanding Obligations under this Note (each a Required
Conversion Date), and that (i) the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or any other principal securities exchange
on which the Common Stock is then traded (the Principal Exchange) is at least $0.58, (ii) all of the Conversion Shares
have been registered for resale under an effective Registration Statement filed with the Commission, and (iii) an Event of Default (defined
hereafter) has not occurred and continuing on such Required Conversion Date, Trio shall have the right, but not the obligation, on at
least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice to Holder, which notice is provided no later than three (3) Trading Days after the applicable
Required Conversion Date, to require Holder to convert all or any portion of the then Outstanding Obligations under this Note at the
Conversion Price, by providing Holder with written notice similar to the Conversion Notice described in Section 2(a) above. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Trio may not require the conversion of more than twenty percent (20%) of the average trading volume of the Common Stock
on the Principal Exchange on which the Common Stock is traded for the ten (10) Trading Days immediately prior to the applicable Required
Conversion Date. For purposes of this Note, Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is available to trade on
the Principal Exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. Any conversions pursuant to this Section 2(b) are subject to
the Beneficial Ownership Limitations set forth in Section 2(e) hereafter.

(c)
Conversion Price. Whether the conversion of the Outstanding Obligations under this Note is a voluntary conversion by Holder pursuant
to Section 2(a) or a required conversion initiated by Trio pursuant to Section 2(b), the Outstanding Obligations will convert
into Conversion Shares at a conversion price equal to eighty-five percent (85%) of the lowest closing bid price for the Common Stock
on the Principal Exchange, during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately prior to the date of the Conversion Notice (the Conversion
Price). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be less than a floor price of $0.48 (the Floor Price).

(d)
Mechanics of Conversion. 

(i)
Number of Conversion Shares. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion of the Outstanding Obligations hereunder
shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the Outstanding Obligations under this Note to be converted
by (ii) the Conversion Price.

(ii)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note, in
accordance with the terms hereof, Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to Trio unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note and all other Outstanding Obligations have been converted. Holder and Trio shall maintain records showing the amounts
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to Holder and Trio, so as not
to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

2

(iii)
Delivery of Conversion Shares upon Conversion. Upon receipt by Trio from Holder (Section 2(a)) or by Holder from Trio (Section
2(b)) of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Conversion Notice meeting the requirements
for conversion as provided herein, Trio shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion within one (1) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline) (and,
solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof.
Upon receipt of a Conversion Notice, Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion,
the principal amount and all other Outstanding Obligations shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless Trio defaults on
its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the
right to receive the Conversion Shares, as herein provided, on such conversion. If a Notice of Conversion is delivered as provided herein,
Trios obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of the absence of any action by Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation
of Trio to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach
by Holder of any obligation to Trio, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of Trio to
Holder in connection with such conversion.

(iv)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion, provided Trio is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, Trio shall use
its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion to Holder by crediting
the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system.

(v)
Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting Holders right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion
of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to willful and purposeful action and/or inaction of Trio, Trio shall pay to the Holder
$2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that Trio fails to deliver such Conversion Shares (the Fail to Deliver
Fee); provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer
agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of Trio to effect delivery of such Conversion
Shares. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the
option of the Holder (by written notice to Trio by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be
added to the principal amount of this Note, and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Conversion Shares in accordance
with the terms of this Note. Trio agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure,
attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge
that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 2(d)(v) are justified.

3

(e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. Trio shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and Holder shall not have the right to
convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to this Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Conversion Notice, Holder (together with Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with Holder or any of Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted portion of this Note beneficially
owned by Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of Trio (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by Holder
that Trio is not representing to Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Holder is solely
responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by Holder together with
any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of Holder, and
the submission of a Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be Holders determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation
to other securities owned by Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and Trio shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in
(A) Trios most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by Trio or (C) a more recent written notice by Trio or the transfer agent of the Common Stock setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of Holder, Trio shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Trio, including this Note, by Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by Holder prior to the issuance of any Conversion Shares, 9.99%) of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of this Note. Holder, upon notice to Trio may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 3(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by Holder and
the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to Trio. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented
in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Note.

(f)
Other Conversion Terms. Holder and Trio shall maintain records showing the amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s).
Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on
the face hereof.

4

3.
Unsecured; Subordination. Holder hereby acknowledges that this Note and the Outstanding Obligations hereunder are unsecured. Holder
hereby agrees that the Outstanding Obligations under this Note shall be subordinated to any and all secured debt of Trio (Senior
Debt). Holder shall promptly execute and deliver, as applicable, and as may be reasonably required by the lenders of Senior Debt,
reasonable and customary subordination, intercreditor and other agreements with such lenders with respect to the Outstanding Obligations
under this Note to reflect the subordination of such Outstanding Obligations to Senior Debt (any such agreements, Subordination
Agreements). For purposes of this Note, Senior Debt shall include the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including
interest accruing or that would have accrued but for the filing of a bankruptcy, reorganization or other insolvency proceeding whether
or not such interest constitutes an allowable claim in such proceeding) on, and any and all other fees, expenses, supplemental payments,
reimbursement obligations, indemnities, and other amounts owing pursuant to the terms of all agreements, documents and instruments providing
for, creating, securing, or evidencing or otherwise entered into in connection with, all indebtedness for borrowed money of Trio (including
as guarantor of indebtedness of another person), whether outstanding on the date hereof or thereafter created, incurred or assumed, which
is secured, issued by a bank lender, other institutional lender or pursuant to an indenture agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, Senior
Debt shall not include any indebtedness of Trio which, by its terms or the terms of any instrument creating or evidencing it, is expressly
pari passu with or expressly subordinate in right of payment to this Note).

4.
Other Agreements

(a)
Use of Proceeds. Unless otherwise approved by Holder, Trio shall only use the proceeds from the funds provided pursuant to this
Note for the payment of a commission of $15,015 (5.5% of the Funding Amount) to Spartan Capital Securities LLC and for working capital
and general corporate purposes.

(b)
Authorized Shares. Trio shall at all times reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, free from any preemptive
rights, in the amount of two hundred percent (200%) of the maximum number of Conversion Shares into which this Note may be converted.

(c)
No Short Sales. Holder has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding
with Holder, executed any Short Sales (as defined in SEC Rule 200), of the securities of Trio, that is open as of the Issuance Date,
and agrees that none of Holder nor any Person acting on behalf or pursuant to any understanding with Holder, will during the period commencing
on the Issuance Date through and until the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date that there are no further Outstanding Obligations
under this Note, effect any Short Sales of any securities of Trio.

(d)
Piggyback Registration Rights.

(i)
If, at any time Trio proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities,
or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for
the account of stockholders of Trio, other than a Registration Statement (i) which is a shelf Registration Statement and any prospectus
supplements filed under a shelf Registration Statement for the sale of securities of Trio, (ii) filed in connection with any employee
share option or other benefit plan, (iii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to Trios existing stockholders,
(iv) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of Trio or (v) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then Trio shall
give written notice of such proposed filing to Holder as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing
date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering,
the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, in such offering,
and (B) offer to Holder the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Conversion Shares as Holder may request in writing within
five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such registration a Piggyback Registration). Trio shall, in good faith,
cause such Conversion Shares to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing underwriter
or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the conversion Shares requested by Holder pursuant to this Section 4(d)
to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of Trio included in such Registration
Statement and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Conversion Shares in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. Holder shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter(s) selected for such underwritten offering
by Trio. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holder may not exercise its piggyback registration rights after two (2) years after
the Issuance Date.

5

(ii)
If the managing underwriter or underwriters in an underwritten offering that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises
Trio and Holder in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock that Trio desires to sell, taken together with
(A) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with persons or entities; (B) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to separate written
contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of Trio and (C) the Conversion Shares as to which registration has been
requested pursuant to this Section 4(d), exceeds the dollar amount or number of securities the managing underwriter or underwriters
in an underwritten offering advises Trio and the other Persons holding securities for registration thereunder, in writing, that may be
included in such underwritten offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method or
the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum
Number of Securities, then:

(1) If
the registration is undertaken for Trios account, Trio shall include in any such registration
(A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that Trio desires to sell,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause
(A), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant
to written contractual piggyback registration rights of other stockholders of Trio, which
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A)
and (B), the number of Conversion Shares pursuant to this Section 4(d) that Holder
has requested be included in such registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities;

(2) If
the registration is pursuant to a request by any persons or entities having rights to demand
registration, then Trio shall include in any such registration (A) first, the shares of Common
Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, which can
be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that
the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the
shares of Common Stock or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities
that Trio is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities
that Trio desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Conversion Shares which Holder desires
to include pursuant to this Section 4(d), which can be sold without exceeding the
Maximum Number of Securities.

(iii)
Holder shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to Trio
and the underwriter or underwriters (if any) of its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. Trio (whether on its own good faith
determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw
a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness
of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Trio shall be responsible for the expenses
relating to any Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this Section 4(d), except for any expenses incurred by Holder
for the payment of any commissions or other fees in connection with the registration and/or sale of the Conversion Shares and any fees
and expenses of legal counsel to Holder.

6

5.
Representations and Warranties

(a)
Representations and Warranties of Trio. Trio represents and warrants to Holder as follows:

(i)
Organization and Qualification. Trio is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, and has the requisite power and authorization to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Trio
is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property
or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii)
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. Trio has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Note, and to issue the Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. The execution and delivery of this Note by Trio,
and the consummation by Trio of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reservation and issuance of
the Conversion Shares, have been duly authorized by Trios Board of Directors and (other than the filing with the SEC of one or
more Registration Statements in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d) hereof, the filing of Form D, at Trios option,
and other filings as may be required by state securities agencies) no further filing, consent, or authorization is required by Trio,
its Board of Directors or its stockholders. This Note has been duly executed and delivered by Trio, and constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligations of Trio, enforceable against Trio in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

(iii)
Issuance of Securities. The issuance of this Note and the Conversion Shares (collectively, the Securities) is duly
authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Note, the Conversion Shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof, with Holder
being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. As of the Issuance Date, a number of shares of Common Stock shall
have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance which equals or exceeds two hundred percent (200%) of the maximum number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note (assuming for purposes hereof, that the Conversion Shares are convertible at the Floor Price
and without taking into account any Beneficial Ownership Limitations. As of the Issuance Date, there are 490,000,000 shares of Common
Stock authorized and 7,483,230 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Assuming the accuracy of each of the representations and
warranties of Holder set forth in Section 5(b), the offer and issuance by Trio of the Securities is exempt from registration under
the 1933 Act.

(iv)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Note by Trio and the consummation by Trio of the transactions contemplated
hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Conversion Shares and reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion
Shares) will not (A) result in a violation of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws (each,
as be amended) of Trio, or (B) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) in any respect under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which Trio is a party, or (C) assuming the accuracy of the representations of Holder in Section 5(b),
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations
and the rules and regulations of the Principal Exchange and applicable laws of the State of Delaware applicable to Trio or by which any
property or asset of Trio is bound or affected.

7

(v)
Consents. Trio is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any
court, governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform
any of its obligations under or contemplated by this Note, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, other than the filing and
acceptance of an additional shares application with the Principal Exchange. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations
which Trio is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the Issuance Date,
and Trio is unaware of any facts or circumstances that might prevent Trio from obtaining or effecting any of the consent, registration,
application or filings pursuant to the preceding sentence. Trio is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Exchange
and has no knowledge of any facts that would reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
The issuance by Trio of this Note and the Conversion Shares, as applicable, shall not have the effect of delisting or suspending the
Common Stock from the Principal Exchange.

(vi)
No General Solicitation; Placement Agents Fees. Except for the commission payable to Spartan Capital Securities LLC, neither
Trio, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning
of Regulation D of the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of this Note. Trio shall be responsible for the payment of
any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for persons engaged by Holder) relating
to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. Trio shall pay, and hold Holder harmless against, any liability, loss or expense
(including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim.

(vii)
Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Exchange, any
court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of Trio, threatened against
or affecting Trio, the Common Stock or any of its officers or directors, whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their
capacities as such.

(b)
Holder represents and warrants to Trio as follows:

(i)
Organization. Holder is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction of its place of
formation, and has the requisite power and authorization to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

(ii)
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. Holder has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Note. The execution and delivery of this Note by Holder, and the consummation by Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by Holders management and no further filing, consent, or authorization is required by Holder. This Note
has been duly executed and delivered by Holder, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Holder, enforceable against
Trio in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable
creditors rights and remedies.

8

(iii)
Own Account. Holder understands that this Note is not registered under the Securities Act and, unless registered in a Registration
Statement, pursuant to a Piggyback Registration or otherwise, the Conversion Shares will be restricted securities as defined
in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law and is acquiring the Note as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling this Note or any
of the Conversion Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present
intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no
direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty shall not limit Holders
right to sell the Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). Holder is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(iv)
Accredited Investor Status. At the time Holder was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it converts this Note to Conversion Shares, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional
buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. Holder hereby represents that neither Holder nor any of its Rule
506(d) Related Parties (as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the Securities
Act. For purposes of this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean a person or entity covered by the Bad
Actor disqualification provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

(v)
Experience of Holder. Holder, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Holder is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(vi)
General Solicitation. Holder is not, to its knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or
radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of Holder, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(vii)
Access to Information. Holder acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Note and has been afforded (A) the opportunity
to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of Trio concerning the terms and conditions
of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (B) access to information about Trio and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (C) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that Trio possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

9

6.
Defaults and Remedies

(a)
Event of Default. An Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason
for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment,
decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i)
Failure to Pay Principal and other Outstanding Obligations. If Trio fails to pay the principal hereof or any other Outstanding
Obligations when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise and such breach continues for a period of five
(5) days after written notice from the Holder;

(ii)
Breach of Covenants. Trio breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and such breach
continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice thereof to Trio from the Holder;

(iii)
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of Trio made herein or in any agreement, statement or
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made
and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of Holder with respect to
this Note;

(iv)
Receiver or Trustee. Trio or any subsidiary of Trio shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed;

(v)
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against Trio or any subsidiary of
Trio on or after the Issuance Date;

(vi)
Delisting of Common Stock. Trio shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or any other Principal
Exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded;

(vii)
Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. Trio shall fail to materially comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act; and/or Trio shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act;

(viii)
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Trio or any substantial portion of its business;

(ix)
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Trio or Trio admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts
as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of Trios ability to continue as a going concern
shall not be an admission that Trio cannot pay its debts as they become due;

(x)
Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by Trio with the Commission at any time after
180 days after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would,
by comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of Holder with respect
to this Note; or

(xi)
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that Trio proposes to replace its transfer agent, Trio fails to provide to Holder,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions signed by the successor transfer
agent and Trio.

10

(b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default pursuant to this Section
6, this Note shall become immediately due and payable, in full, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are
expressly waived, and Trio shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note plus all other Outstanding Obligations, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees
and expenses, of collection (collectively, the Balance), within ten (10) days of the date of the Event of Default (the
Default Payment Deadline). If the Balance is not paid by the Default Payment Deadline and the Conversion Shares have not
been registered under a Registration Statement or available for sale pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, then
the amount of the Outstanding Obligations shall be increased to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the amount of the then Outstanding
Obligations and default interest shall begin to accrue at a rate of twenty percent (20%) per annum, until all of the Outstanding Obligations
have been repaid and/or converted. Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity

7.
No Recourse Against Others. No director, officer, employee, consultant, advisor, agent or equity holder (in its capacity as such)
of Trio or its Affiliates shall have any liability for the performance of any obligations of Trio under this Note or for any claim based
on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Holder, by accepting a Note, waives and releases all such liability.
The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of this Note.

8.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial Waiver. This Note, and all actions arising
out of or in connection with this Note, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Arizona, without
regard to principles relating to conflict of laws that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each party
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, New York County, or, the District Court for the Southern District of New York (and all appellate courts thereof) in
any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a)
agrees not to commence any such action or proceeding except in such courts, (b) agrees that any claim in respect of any such action or
proceeding may be heard and determined in such court, (c) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court, and (d) waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
Each party agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each party irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint
and any other process in any other proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated by this Note, on behalf of itself, or its property,
by personal delivery of copies of such process to such party at the applicable address set forth in Section 11. Nothing in this
Section 8 shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law. Each
party hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally irrevocably waives the right to a trial by jury in respect to any litigation, dispute,
claim, legal action or other legal proceeding based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, this Note or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11

9.
Severability; Usury Laws. Whenever possible, each provision hereof shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision hereof or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance shall
be held to be prohibited by or invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction,
such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without invalidating
the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision,
there shall be added automatically as a part hereof a legal, valid and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid,
or unenforceable provision as may be possible. This Note is subject to the express condition that at no time shall Trio be obligated
or required to pay interest on the principal balance at a rate which could subject Trio or Holder to either civil or criminal liability
as a result of being in excess of the maximum rate which Trio is permitted by law to contract or agree to pay. If by the terms of this
Note, Trio is at any time required or obligated to pay interest on the principal balance at a rate in excess of such maximum rate, the
rate of interest under this Note shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to such maximum rate and interest payable hereunder shall
be computed at such maximum rate.

10.
Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, $10,000 shall be deducted from the Funding Amount and paid to the Holder to reimburse it for
it legal fees in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Note. Except as expressly set forth in this Note to the contrary,
each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Note.

11.
Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by email, with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one (1) Business Day after being
sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent
by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable party at the following addresses
(or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If
to Trio:

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA 93309 

with
a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New
York, New York 10105

Attn: Greg
Overholtzer Attn: Barry
I. Grossman, Esq.

Email: goverholtzer@juno.com and
Scott M. Miller, Esq.

Email: bigrossman@egsllp.com;
smiller@egsllp.com

If
to Holder, to: 

12.
Amendments; Waivers. This Note may only be amended, modified or supplemented in writing signed by the parties hereto. No waiver
of any provision or condition hereof shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the party against which such waiver
is to be enforced. No waiver by any party of any default, breach of representation or warranty or breach of covenant hereunder, whether
intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any other, prior or subsequent default or breach or affect in any way any rights arising
by virtue of any other, prior or subsequent such occurrence.

13.
Successors and Assigns. This Note and all of the provisions hereof will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. No party may assign this Note, in whole or in part, without
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, and any purported assignment without such consent will be null and void ab initio.

12

14.
Entire Agreement. This Note contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and discussions, whether written or oral, relating to
such subject matter in any way.

15.
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Note is for the sole benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns and
nothing herein expressed or implied shall give or be construed to give any person, other than the parties and such successors and permitted
assigns, any legal or equitable rights hereunder.

16.
Interpretation. The titles and subtitles used in this Note are for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or interpreting this Note. In this Note, unless the context otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (ii)
including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any description
preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation; (iii)
the words herein, hereto, and hereby and other words of similar import shall be deemed in each
case to refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision of this Note; (iv) the term or
means and/or; (v) the term person shall refer to any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, limited
liability company or other entity or association, including any governmental or regulatory body, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary
or any other capacity; and (vi) the term affiliate shall mean, with respect to any specified person, any other person or
group of persons acting together that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with such specified person (where the term control (and any correlative terms) means the possession, direct
or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise). References in this Note to dollars, Dollars or $
are to U.S. dollars. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Note. Consequently, in the event an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Note shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and
no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this
Note.

17.
Further Assurances. From time to time at the request of Trio, on the one hand, or Holder, on the other hand, and without any additional
consideration from one to the other, Trio, on the one hand, or Holder, on the other hand, as applicable, agrees to furnish to the other
such further information or assurances, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, certificates and conveyances, and
take all such other actions and do such other things, as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of such requesting
party to carry out the provisions of this Note and to give effect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

18.
Counterparts; Facsimile. This Note may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature or by email in portable document
format in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

19.
Certain Definitions. In addition to the terms defined within this Note, the following definitions shall be applicable to terms
used in this Note:

(a)
Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by
or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

13

(b)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are
authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

(c)
Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(d)
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of Trio which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(e)
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(f)
Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Trio taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby, or on the authority
or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Note.

(g)
Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement filed with the Commission under the Securities Act that covers
including the prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to
such registration statement and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

(h)
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture,
limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

(i)
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

{Signature
page follows}

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note to be duly executed and delivered as of the date
first set forth above.

TRIO
PETROLEUM CORP.

By: 

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

{Signature
Page to Convertible Note}
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE SHARES ISSUSABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR
BENEFIT OF DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
or (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

Principal Amount:
$712,941 Original
Issuance Date: April 11, 2025

Amendment
Date: April 17, 2025

Funding Amount: $606,000 Maturity
Date: October 10, 2025

TRIO
PETROLEUM CORP.

Unsecured
Original Discount Convertible Promissory Note

For
Value Received,Trio Petroleum Corp., a Delaware corporation
(Trio), promises to pay to (Holder), the principal sum of $712,941 U.S. Dollars in
accordance with the terms of this original discount unsecured convertible promissory note (this Note). 

On
the Original Issuance Date, Holder shall provide by wire to Trio, pursuant to wire instructions provided by Trio, the sum of $273,000,
after application of the original discount of $48,176. On the Amendment Date, Holder shall provide by wire to Trio, pursuant to wire
instructions provided by Trio, the sum of $333,000, after the application of additional original issue discount of $58,765.

This
Note amends and restates the original Unsecured Original Discount Convertible Promissory Note issued by Trio to the Investor on April
11, 2025, in the principal amount of 321,176 and a funding amount of $273,000.

This
Note is subject to the following terms and conditions:

1.
Payment. The principal amount of this Note, together with all other amounts owing from Trio to Holder hereunder (less amounts
that have been prepaid in accordance with the terms hereof or converted in accordance with Section 2) (the Outstanding
Obligations) shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. Trio may prepay the Outstanding Obligations under this Note at any
time without penalty or premium, if prepaid within ninety (90) days after the Original Issuance Date and then by paying a ten percent
(10%) prepayment penalty, if prepaid at any time thereafter. All payments to be made to Holder shall be made in the lawful money of the
United States of America in immediately available funds. Whenever any payment hereunder to be made shall be due on a day that is not
a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day. Payments hereunder shall be delivered to Holder at such
address as is specified by prior written notice by Holder to Trio. Payments (or conversions in accordance with Section 2) of the
Outstanding Obligations under this Note shall first be applied to the principal amount owed hereunder, then to the accrued but unpaid
interest thereof, if applicable, and then to any other Outstanding Obligations under this Note. After all Outstanding Obligations under
this Note has been satisfied in full (including by conversion) in accordance with the terms hereof, this Note shall be surrendered to
Trio for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

2.
Conversion

(a)
Voluntary Conversion. Commencing on the Original Issuance Date, so long as there remain any Outstanding Obligations under this Note,
the principal amount under this Note, along with all other Outstanding Obligations, shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares
of common stock (the Conversion Shares) of Trio, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at the option
of Holder, at the Conversion Price (defined hereafter) at any time and from time to time thereafter. Holder shall effect conversions
by delivering to Trio a notice of conversion (each, a Conversion Notice), specifying therein the amount of the Outstanding
Obligations under this Note to be converted and the conversion date, which shall be the date of delivery of the Conversion Notice (the
Conversion Date). Any conversions pursuant to this Section 2(a) are subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitations set
forth in Section 2(e) hereafter.

(b)
Required Conversion. On any date that there continues to be any Outstanding Obligations under this Note , and, for each of the preceding
ten (10) Trading Days prior to such date (the Measurement Period) (i) the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE
American or any other principal securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded (the Principal Exchange) is
at least $0.58, (ii) all of the Conversion Shares have been registered for resale under an effective Registration Statement filed with
the Commission, (iii) an Event of Default (defined hereafter) has not occurred and continuing, (iv) the daily dollar trading volume for
the Common Stock on the Principal Exchange exceeds $500,000 per Trading Day and (v) the Company remains listed and traded (and shall
not have been suspended) on the Principal Exchange (conditions i-v above the Equity Conditions Trio shall have the right,
but not the obligation, to provide notice to the Holder to convert any portion of the then Outstanding Obligations under this Note (a
Required Conversion), by providing Holder with written notice (the date on which the Company provides Notice, the Notice
Date) specifying both (a) the amount to be converted and (b) the date on which the Company requires the Holder to convert the
Note, which shall be at least 10 Trading Days after the Notice Date (the Required Conversion Date) If the Equity Conditions
are satisfied on each Trading Day from the Notice Date through the Required Conversion Date, then, any portion of the Outstanding Obligations
subject to such Required Conversion shall be converted into Common Stock at the prevailing Conversion Price on the Required Conversion
Date. For purposes of this Note, Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is available to trade on the Principal
Exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. Any conversions pursuant to this Section 2(b) are subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitations set forth in Section 2(e) hereafter and at no time shall the Holder be obligated to effect Conversions which would exceed
such Beneficial Ownership Limitations.

(c)
Conversion Price. Whether the conversion of the Outstanding Obligations under this Note is a voluntary conversion by Holder pursuant
to Section 2(a) or a required conversion initiated by Trio pursuant to Section 2(b), the Outstanding Obligations will convert into Conversion
Shares at a conversion price equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the lowest closing bid price for the Common Stock on the Principal
Exchange, during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately prior to the date of the Conversion Notice (the Conversion Price).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall not be less than a floor price of $0.48 (the Floor Price). If
the Company receives a Conversion Notice at a time at which the Conversion Price then in effect (as applicable, the Applicable
Conversion Price) (without regard to the Floor Price) is less than the Floor Price then in effect, the Company shall issue a number
of shares equal to the Conversion Amount divided by such Floor Price and pay the economic difference between the Applicable Conversion
Price (without regard to the Floor Price) and such Floor Price in cash. For further clarification, the economic difference shall be equal
to (A) the number of shares that would have been delivered using the Applicable Conversion Price, minus (B) the number of shares delivered
using the Floor Price, multiplied by (C) the daily VWAP of the Common Stock on the Conversion Date ((A-B)*C).

(d)
Mechanics of Conversion. 

(i)
Number of Conversion Shares. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion of the Outstanding Obligations hereunder
shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the Outstanding Obligations under this Note to be converted
(the Conversion Amount) by (ii) the Conversion Price.

(ii)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note, in
accordance with the terms hereof, Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to Trio unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note and all other Outstanding Obligations have been converted. Holder and Trio shall maintain records showing the amounts
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to Holder and Trio, so as not
to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(iii)
Delivery of Conversion Shares upon Conversion. Upon receipt by Trio from Holder (Section 2(a)) or by Holder from Trio (Section
2(b)) of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Conversion Notice meeting the requirements
for conversion as provided herein, Trio shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion within one (1) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline) (and,
solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof.
Upon receipt of a Conversion Notice, Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion,
the principal amount and all other Outstanding Obligations shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless Trio defaults on
its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the
right to receive the Conversion Shares, as herein provided, on such conversion. If a Notice of Conversion is delivered as provided herein,
Trios obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of the absence of any action by Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation
of Trio to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach
by Holder of any obligation to Trio, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of Trio to
Holder in connection with such conversion.

(iv)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion, provided Trio is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, Trio shall use
its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion to Holder by crediting
the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system.

(v)
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if Trio fails to cause the transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares by the Deadline, and if after such
date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm
otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder
anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then Trio shall pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Conversion Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in
connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit the Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon conversion
of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. Trio shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and Holder shall not have the right to
convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to this Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Conversion Notice, Holder (together with Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with Holder or any of Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted portion of this Note beneficially
owned by Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of Trio (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by Holder
that Trio is not representing to Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Holder is solely
responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by Holder together with
any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of Holder, and
the submission of a Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be Holders determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation
to other securities owned by Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and Trio shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in
(A) Trios most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by Trio or (C) a more recent written notice by Trio or the transfer agent of the Common Stock setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of Holder, Trio shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Trio, including this Note, by Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by Holder prior to the issuance of any Conversion Shares, 9.99%) of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of this Note. Holder, upon notice to Trio may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 3(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by Holder and
the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to Trio. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented
in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Note.

(f)
Other Conversion Terms. Holder and Trio shall maintain records showing the amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s).
Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on
the face hereof.

3.
Unsecured; Subordination. Holder hereby acknowledges that this Note and the Outstanding Obligations hereunder are unsecured. Holder
hereby agrees that the Outstanding Obligations under this Note shall be subordinated to any and all secured debt of Trio (Senior
Debt). Holder shall promptly execute and deliver, as applicable, and as may be reasonably required by the lenders of Senior Debt,
reasonable and customary subordination, intercreditor and other agreements with such lenders with respect to the Outstanding Obligations
under this Note to reflect the subordination of such Outstanding Obligations to Senior Debt (any such agreements, Subordination
Agreements). For purposes of this Note, Senior Debt shall include the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including
interest accruing or that would have accrued but for the filing of a bankruptcy, reorganization or other insolvency proceeding whether
or not such interest constitutes an allowable claim in such proceeding) on, and any and all other fees, expenses, supplemental payments,
reimbursement obligations, indemnities, and other amounts owing pursuant to the terms of all agreements, documents and instruments providing
for, creating, securing, or evidencing or otherwise entered into in connection with, all indebtedness for borrowed money of Trio (including
as guarantor of indebtedness of another person), whether outstanding on the date hereof or thereafter created, incurred or assumed, which
is secured, issued by a bank lender, other institutional lender or pursuant to an indenture agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, Senior
Debt shall not include any indebtedness of Trio which, by its terms or the terms of any instrument creating or evidencing it, is expressly
pari passu with or expressly subordinate in right of payment to this Note).

4.
Other Agreements

(a)
Use of Proceeds. Unless otherwise approved by Holder, Trio shall only use the proceeds from the funds provided pursuant to this
Note for the payment of a commission of $15,015 (5.5% of the Funding Amount) to Spartan Capital Securities LLC and for working capital
and general corporate purposes.

(b)
Authorized Shares. Trio shall at all times reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, free from any preemptive
rights, in the amount of two hundred percent (200%) of the maximum number of Conversion Shares into which this Note may be converted.

(c)
No Short Sales. Holder has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding
with Holder, executed any Short Sales (as defined in SEC Rule 200), of the securities of Trio, that is open as of the Original Issuance
Date, and agrees that none of Holder nor any Person acting on behalf or pursuant to any understanding with Holder, will during the period
commencing on the Original Issuance Date through and until the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date that there are no further
Outstanding Obligations under this Note, effect any Short Sales of any securities of Trio.

(d)
Piggyback Registration Rights.

(i)
If, at any time Trio proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities,
or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for
the account of stockholders of Trio, other than a Registration Statement (i) which is a shelf Registration Statement and any prospectus
supplements filed under a shelf Registration Statement for the sale of securities of Trio, (ii) filed in connection with any employee
share option or other benefit plan, (iii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to Trios existing stockholders,
(iv) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of Trio or (v) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then Trio shall
give written notice of such proposed filing to Holder as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing
date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering,
the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, in such offering,
and (B) offer to Holder the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Conversion Shares as Holder may request in writing within
five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such registration a Piggyback Registration). Trio shall, in good faith,
cause such Conversion Shares to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing underwriter
or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the conversion Shares requested by Holder pursuant to this Section 4(d)
to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of Trio included in such Registration
Statement and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Conversion Shares in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. Holder shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter(s) selected for such underwritten offering
by Trio. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holder may not exercise its piggyback registration rights after two (2) years after
the Original Issuance Date.

(ii)
If the managing underwriter or underwriters in an underwritten offering that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises
Trio and Holder in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock that Trio desires to sell, taken together with
(A) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with persons or entities; (B) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to separate written
contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of Trio and (C) the Conversion Shares as to which registration has been
requested pursuant to this Section 4(d), exceeds the dollar amount or number of securities the managing underwriter or underwriters
in an underwritten offering advises Trio and the other Persons holding securities for registration thereunder, in writing, that may be
included in such underwritten offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method or
the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum
Number of Securities, then:

(1) If
the registration is undertaken for Trios account, Trio shall include in any such registration
(A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that Trio desires to sell,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause
(A), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant
to written contractual piggyback registration rights of other stockholders of Trio, which
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A)
and (B), the number of Conversion Shares pursuant to this Section 4(d) that Holder
has requested be included in such registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities;

(2) If
the registration is pursuant to a request by any persons or entities having rights to demand
registration, then Trio shall include in any such registration (A) first, the shares of Common
Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, which can
be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that
the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the
shares of Common Stock or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities
that Trio is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities
that Trio desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Conversion Shares which Holder desires
to include pursuant to this Section 4(d), which can be sold without exceeding the
Maximum Number of Securities.

(iii)
Holder shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to Trio
and the underwriter or underwriters (if any) of its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. Trio (whether on its own good faith
determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw
a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness
of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Trio shall be responsible for the expenses
relating to any Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this Section 4(d), except for any expenses incurred by Holder
for the payment of any commissions or other fees in connection with the registration and/or sale of the Conversion Shares and any fees
and expenses of legal counsel to Holder.

5.
Representations and Warranties

(a)
Representations and Warranties of Trio. Trio represents and warrants to Holder as follows:

(i)
Organization and Qualification. Trio is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, and has the requisite power and authorization to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Trio
is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property
or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii)
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. Trio has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Note, and to issue the Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. The execution and delivery of this Note by Trio,
and the consummation by Trio of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reservation and issuance of
the Conversion Shares, have been duly authorized by Trios Board of Directors and (other than the filing with the SEC of one or
more Registration Statements in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(d) hereof, the filing of Form D, at Trios option,
and other filings as may be required by state securities agencies) no further filing, consent, or authorization is required by Trio,
its Board of Directors or its stockholders. This Note has been duly executed and delivered by Trio, and constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligations of Trio, enforceable against Trio in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

(iii)
Issuance of Securities. The issuance of this Note and the Conversion Shares (collectively, the Securities) is duly
authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Note, the Conversion Shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof, with Holder
being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. As of the Original Issuance Date, a number of shares of Common Stock
shall have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance which equals or exceeds two hundred percent (200%) of the maximum number of
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note (assuming for purposes hereof, that the Conversion Shares are convertible at
the Floor Price and without taking into account any Beneficial Ownership Limitations. As of the Original Issuance Date, there are 490,000,000
shares of Common Stock authorized and 7,483,230 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Assuming the accuracy of each of the representations
and warranties of Holder set forth in Section 5(b), the offer and issuance by Trio of the Securities is exempt from registration
under the 1933 Act.

(iv)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Note by Trio and the consummation by Trio of the transactions contemplated
hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Conversion Shares and reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion
Shares) will not (A) result in a violation of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws (each,
as be amended) of Trio, or (B) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) in any respect under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which Trio is a party, or (C) assuming the accuracy of the representations of Holder in Section 5(b),
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations
and the rules and regulations of the Principal Exchange and applicable laws of the State of Delaware applicable to Trio or by which any
property or asset of Trio is bound or affected.

(v)
Consents. Trio is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any
court, governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform
any of its obligations under or contemplated by this Note, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, other than the filing and
acceptance of an additional shares application with the Principal Exchange. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations
which Trio is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the Original Issuance
Date, and Trio is unaware of any facts or circumstances that might prevent Trio from obtaining or effecting any of the consent, registration,
application or filings pursuant to the preceding sentence. Trio is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Exchange
and has no knowledge of any facts that would reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
The issuance by Trio of this Note and the Conversion Shares, as applicable, shall not have the effect of delisting or suspending the
Common Stock from the Principal Exchange.

(vi)
No General Solicitation; Placement Agents Fees. Except for the commission payable to Spartan Capital Securities LLC, neither
Trio, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning
of Regulation D of the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of this Note. Trio shall be responsible for the payment of
any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for persons engaged by Holder) relating
to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. Trio shall pay, and hold Holder harmless against, any liability, loss or expense
(including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim.

(vii)
Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Exchange, any
court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of Trio, threatened against
or affecting Trio, the Common Stock or any of its officers or directors, whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their
capacities as such.

(b)
Holder represents and warrants to Trio as follows:

(i)
Organization. Holder is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction of its place of
formation, and has the requisite power and authorization to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

(ii)
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. Holder has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Note. The execution and delivery of this Note by Holder, and the consummation by Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by Holders management and no further filing, consent, or authorization is required by Holder. This Note
has been duly executed and delivered by Holder, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Holder, enforceable against
Trio in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable
creditors rights and remedies.

(iii)
Own Account. Holder understands that this Note is not registered under the Securities Act and, unless registered in a Registration
Statement, pursuant to a Piggyback Registration or otherwise, the Conversion Shares will be restricted securities as defined
in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law and is acquiring the Note as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling this Note or any
of the Conversion Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present
intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no
direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty shall not limit Holders
right to sell the Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). Holder is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(iv)
Accredited Investor Status. At the time Holder was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it converts this Note to Conversion Shares, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional
buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. Holder hereby represents that neither Holder nor any of its Rule
506(d) Related Parties (as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the Securities
Act. For purposes of this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean a person or entity covered by the Bad
Actor disqualification provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

(v)
Experience of Holder. Holder, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Holder is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(vi)
General Solicitation. Holder is not, to its knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or
radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of Holder, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(vii)
Access to Information. Holder acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Note and has been afforded (A) the opportunity
to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of Trio concerning the terms and conditions
of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (B) access to information about Trio and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (C) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that Trio possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

6.
Defaults and Remedies

(a)
Event of Default. An Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason
for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment,
decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i)
Failure to Pay Principal and other Outstanding Obligations. If Trio fails to pay the principal hereof or any other Outstanding
Obligations when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise and such breach continues for a period of five
(5) days after written notice from the Holder;

(ii)
Breach of Covenants. Trio breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and such breach
continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice thereof to Trio from the Holder;

(iii)
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of Trio made herein or in any agreement, statement or
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made
and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of Holder with respect to
this Note;

(iv)
Receiver or Trustee. Trio or any subsidiary of Trio shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed;

(v)
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against Trio or any subsidiary of
Trio on or after the Original Issuance Date;

(vi)
Delisting of Common Stock. Trio shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or any other Principal
Exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded;

(vii)
Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. Trio shall fail to materially comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act; and/or Trio shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act;

(viii)
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Trio or any substantial portion of its business;

(ix)
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Trio or Trio admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts
as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of Trios ability to continue as a going concern
shall not be an admission that Trio cannot pay its debts as they become due;

(x)
Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by Trio with the Commission at any time after
180 days after the Original Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement
would, by comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of Holder with
respect to this Note; or

(xi)
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that Trio proposes to replace its transfer agent, Trio fails to provide to Holder,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions signed by the successor transfer
agent and Trio.

(b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default pursuant to this Section
6, this Note shall become immediately due and payable, in full, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are
expressly waived, and Trio shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note plus all other Outstanding Obligations, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees
and expenses, of collection (collectively, the Balance), within ten (10) days of the date of the Event of Default (the
Default Payment Deadline). If the Balance is not paid by the Default Payment Deadline and the Conversion Shares have not
been registered under a Registration Statement or available for sale pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, then
the amount of the Outstanding Obligations shall be increased to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the amount of the then Outstanding
Obligations and default interest shall begin to accrue at a rate of twenty percent (20%) per annum, until all of the Outstanding Obligations
have been repaid and/or converted. Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity

7.
No Recourse Against Others. No director, officer, employee, consultant, advisor, agent or equity holder (in its capacity as such) of
Trio or its Affiliates shall have any liability for the performance of any obligations of Trio under this Note or for any claim based
on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation, except in the event of fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Holder, by accepting a Note, waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance
of this Note.

8.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial Waiver. This Note, and all actions arising
out of or in connection with this Note, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Arizona, without
regard to principles relating to conflict of laws that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each party
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, New York County, or, the District Court for the Southern District of New York (and all appellate courts thereof) in
any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a)
agrees not to commence any such action or proceeding except in such courts, (b) agrees that any claim in respect of any such action or
proceeding may be heard and determined in such court, (c) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court, and (d) waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
Each party agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each party irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint
and any other process in any other proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated by this Note, on behalf of itself, or its property,
by personal delivery of copies of such process to such party at the applicable address set forth in Section 11. Nothing in this
Section 8 shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law. Each
party hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally irrevocably waives the right to a trial by jury in respect to any litigation, dispute,
claim, legal action or other legal proceeding based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, this Note or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

9.
Severability; Usury Laws. Whenever possible, each provision hereof shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision hereof or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance shall
be held to be prohibited by or invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction,
such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without invalidating
the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision,
there shall be added automatically as a part hereof a legal, valid and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid,
or unenforceable provision as may be possible. This Note is subject to the express condition that at no time shall Trio be obligated
or required to pay interest on the principal balance at a rate which could subject Trio or Holder to either civil or criminal liability
as a result of being in excess of the maximum rate which Trio is permitted by law to contract or agree to pay. If by the terms of this
Note, Trio is at any time required or obligated to pay interest on the principal balance at a rate in excess of such maximum rate, the
rate of interest under this Note shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to such maximum rate and interest payable hereunder shall
be computed at such maximum rate.

10.
Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, $10,000 shall be deducted from the Funding Amount and paid to the Holder to reimburse it for
it legal fees in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Note. Except as expressly set forth in this Note to the contrary,
each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Note.

11.
Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by email, with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one (1) Business Day after being
sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent
by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable party at the following addresses
(or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If
to Trio:

Trio
Petroleum Corp.

5401
Business Park South, Suite 115

Bakersfield,
CA 93309 

with
a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New
York, New York 10105

Attn: Greg
Overholtzer Attn: Barry
I. Grossman, Esq.

Email: goverholtzer@juno.com and
Scott M. Miller, Esq.

Email: bigrossman@egsllp.com;
smiller@egsllp.com

If
to Holder, to: 

12.
Amendments; Waivers. This Note may only be amended, modified or supplemented in writing signed by the parties hereto. No waiver
of any provision or condition hereof shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the party against which such waiver
is to be enforced. No waiver by any party of any default, breach of representation or warranty or breach of covenant hereunder, whether
intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any other, prior or subsequent default or breach or affect in any way any rights arising
by virtue of any other, prior or subsequent such occurrence.

13.
Successors and Assigns. This Note and all of the provisions hereof will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. No party may assign this Note, in whole or in part, without
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, and any purported assignment without such consent will be null and void ab initio.

14.
Entire Agreement. This Note contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and discussions, whether written or oral, relating to
such subject matter in any way.

15.
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Note is for the sole benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns and
nothing herein expressed or implied shall give or be construed to give any person, other than the parties and such successors and permitted
assigns, any legal or equitable rights hereunder.

16.
Interpretation. The titles and subtitles used in this Note are for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or interpreting this Note. In this Note, unless the context otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (ii)
including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any description
preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation; (iii)
the words herein, hereto, and hereby and other words of similar import shall be deemed in each
case to refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision of this Note; (iv) the term or
means and/or; (v) the term person shall refer to any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, limited
liability company or other entity or association, including any governmental or regulatory body, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary
or any other capacity; and (vi) the term affiliate shall mean, with respect to any specified person, any other person or
group of persons acting together that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with such specified person (where the term control (and any correlative terms) means the possession, direct
or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise). References in this Note to dollars, Dollars or $
are to U.S. dollars. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Note. Consequently, in the event an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Note shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and
no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this
Note.

17.
Further Assurances. From time to time at the request of Trio, on the one hand, or Holder, on the other hand, and without any additional
consideration from one to the other, Trio, on the one hand, or Holder, on the other hand, as applicable, agrees to furnish to the other
such further information or assurances, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, certificates and conveyances, and
take all such other actions and do such other things, as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of such requesting
party to carry out the provisions of this Note and to give effect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

18.
Counterparts; Facsimile. This Note may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature or by email in portable document
format in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

19.
Certain Definitions. In addition to the terms defined within this Note, the following definitions shall be applicable to terms
used in this Note:

(a)
Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by
or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(b)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are
authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

(c)
Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(d)
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of Trio which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(e)
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(f)
Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Trio taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby, or on the authority
or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Note.

(g)
Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement filed with the Commission under the Securities Act that covers
including the prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to
such registration statement and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

(h)
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture,
limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

(i)
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(j)
VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on the Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York, N.Y. time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, N.Y. time)), (b) if the Common Stock is traded on OTCQB or OTCQX, the
volume weighted average sales price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported
in the Pink Open Market or successor operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases,
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent broker-dealer selected in good faith by the Holder and
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

{Signature
page follows}

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note to be duly executed and delivered as of the date
first set forth above.

TRIO
PETROLEUM CORP.

By: 

Name: Robin
Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tpet-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tpet-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tpet-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005302-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001898766 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001898766 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
Trio Petroleum Corp. 
DE 
001-41643 
87-1968201 
5401 Business Park South 
Suite 115 
Bakersfield 
CA 
93309 
(661) 
324-3911 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
TPET 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41643

Entity Registrant Name Trio
Petroleum Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001898766

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1968201

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5401
Business Park South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 115

Entity Address, City or Town Bakersfield

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 93309

City Area Code (661)

Local Phone Number 324-3911

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TPET

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trio-petroleum.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
tpet-20250411.xsd 
tpet-20250411_lab.xml 
tpet-20250411_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>