<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-005461.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-005461.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123081301
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-005461
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RMR GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644378
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				474122583
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37616
		FILM NUMBER:		25547678

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NEWTON PL., 255 WASH. ST., STE. 300
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 796-8320

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NEWTON PL., 255 WASH. ST., STE. 300
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02458

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RMR Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reit Management & Research Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254142d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164437800016443782025-01-222025-01-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 22, 2025

Date of Report 

(Date of earliest event reported)

The RMR Group Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)

Maryland

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-37616 8742 47-4122583

(Commission File Number) (Primary Standard
Industrial (IRS Employer

Classification
Code Number) Identification
Number)

Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street,
Suite 300, Newton, MA, 02458-1634

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(617) 796-8230

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions.

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
Of Each Class Trading Symbol Name
Of Each Exchange On

Which Registered

Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share RMR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On January 22, 2025 (the Closing
Date), The RMR Group Inc. (the Company) entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with
Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and as collateral agent (in such capacity,
the Collateral Agent), the lenders party thereto, The RMR Group LLC, a Maryland limited liability company and a majority-owned
operating subsidiary of the Company (the Borrower), and RMR Residential Management Group LLC, a Maryland limited liability
company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower (together with the Borrower, the Obligors). The Credit Agreement provides
for a 3-year, $100 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility). The proceeds of the
Revolving Credit Facility will be used for general corporate purposes, working capital and other lawful purposes.

Interest rates under the Revolving Credit Facility
are variable and equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus a margin of 2.25% per annum, or, at the Borrowers
option, at a base reference rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the rate of interest last
quoted by the Administrative Agent as its base rate and (c) the one-month SOFR rate plus 1.00%, plus, a margin of 1.25%
per annum.

The Borrower will pay customary agency fees and
a commitment fee based on the daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate of 0.50% per annum. The Revolving Credit
Facility is not subject to amortization, will mature on the third anniversary of the Closing Date, and includes a one-year extension at
the Borrowers option, subject to the payment of extension fees and satisfaction of other customary conditions.

On the Closing Date, each of the Obligors and
the Collateral Agent entered into a security agreement, pursuant to which the Obligors granted a security interest in substantially all
of their respective assets, in each case, subject to customary exceptions and exclusions.

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties, affirmative covenants, and negative covenants. The negative covenants limit the Borrowers and its subsidiaries
ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, create liens on its or their assets, engage in fundamental changes, make investments,
sell or otherwise dispose of assets, make restricted payments, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and enter into agreements
restricting the ability of the Companys subsidiaries to make distributions to it or incur liens on its assets.

The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants
that are tested on the last day of each of the Companys fiscal quarters. These financial covenants include a (x) maximum leverage
ratio of 2.0:1.0 (excluding non-recourse debt), (y) minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.0:1.0 and (z) minimum ratio of management
fee-generating assets under management as of each testing date to management fee-generating assets under management as of the Closing
Date of 60%.

The Credit Agreement also contains customary events
of default including, among other things, non-payment of principal, interest or fees, violation of covenants, material inaccuracy of representations
and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency events, material judgments, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, key person events and change
of control. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the termination of commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and
the acceleration of all outstanding amounts thereunder.

The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Credit Agreement,
attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference.

2

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 22, 2025, the Company issued
a press release announcing the closing of the Credit Agreement. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update, supplement or amend the press release attached as Exhibits
99.1.

The information in Exhibits 99.1 is being furnished
and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025, among The RMR Group LLC, The RMR Group Inc., RMR Residential Management Group LLC, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (Filed herewith)

99.1 Press Release, issued by the Company on January 22, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

THE RMR GROUP INC.

Date: January 22, 2025 By: /s/ Matthew P. Jordan 

Matthew P. Jordan

Executive Vice President,

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254142d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

$100,000,000

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of January 22, 2025

among

THE RMR GROUP LLC, a Maryland limited liability
company,

as
the Borrower,

THE RMR GROUP INC., a Maryland corporation,

as
the Parent Guarantor,

RMR RESIDENTIAL MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC, a Maryland
limited liability company,

as an Additional Guarantor,

THE INITIAL LENDERS NAMED HEREIN,

as
the Initial Lenders,

and

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as
the Administrative Agent and as the Collateral Agent,

with

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as
Co-Syndication Agents,

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,

CITIBANK, N.A. and

PNC
CAPITAL MARKETS LLC,

as Joint Lead Arrangers

and

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Sole Book Running Manager

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS
AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms 1

SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods 32

SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms 32

SECTION 1.04. Divisions 32

SECTION 1.05. Terms Generally 32

ARTICLE II

AMOUNTS AND
TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01. The Advances 33

SECTION 2.02. Making the Advances 33

SECTION 2.03. Repayment of Advances 34

SECTION 2.04. Optional Termination or Reduction of the Commitments 34

SECTION 2.05. Prepayments 35

SECTION 2.06. Interest 35

SECTION 2.07. Fees 38

SECTION 2.08. Conversion of Advances 38

SECTION 2.09. Increased Costs, Etc. 39

SECTION 2.10. Payments and Computations 40

SECTION 2.11. Taxes 42

SECTION 2.12. Sharing of Payments, Etc. 46

SECTION 2.13. Use of Proceeds 47

SECTION 2.14. Evidence of Debt 47

SECTION 2.15. Extension of Termination Date 48

SECTION 2.16. Increase in the Aggregate Commitments 48

SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Lenders 49

i

SECTION 2.18. Replacement of Lenders 50

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS OF
Closing and LENDING

SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to 51

SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing Extension and
Increase 54

SECTION 3.03. Determinations Under Section 3.02 54

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties 55

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF
THE LOAN PARTIES

SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants 60

SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants 63

SECTION 5.03. Reporting Requirements 69

SECTION 5.04. Financial Covenants 72

ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01. Events of Default 72

ARTICLE VII

GUARANTY

SECTION 7.01. Guaranty; Limitation of Liability 74

SECTION 7.02. Guaranty Absolute 75

SECTION 7.03. Waivers and Acknowledgments 76

SECTION 7.04. Subrogation 77

SECTION 7.05. Guaranty Supplements 77

SECTION 7.06. Indemnification by Guarantors 77

SECTION 7.07. Subordination 78

SECTION 7.08. Continuing Guaranty 79

SECTION 7.09. Keepwell 79

ii

ARTICLE VIII

INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Authorization and Action 79

SECTION 9.02. Agents Reliance, Etc. 80

SECTION 9.03. Citibank and Affiliates 80

SECTION 9.04. Lender Credit Decision 81

SECTION 9.05. Indemnification by Lenders 81

SECTION 9.06. Successor Agents 82

SECTION 9.07. Relationship of Agents and Lenders 82

SECTION 9.08. Certain ERISA Matters 82

SECTION 9.09. Return of Funds 83

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Amendments, Etc. 86

SECTION 10.02. Notices, Etc. 88

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver; Remedies 90

SECTION 10.04. Costs and Expenses 90

SECTION 10.05. Right of Set-off 91

SECTION 10.06. Binding Effect 92

SECTION 10.07. Assignments and Participations; Replacement Notes 92

SECTION 10.08. Execution in Counterparts 95

SECTION 10.09. Severability 96

SECTION 10.10. Survival of Representations 96

SECTION 10.11. Usury Not Intended 96

SECTION 10.12. Intentionally Omitted 97

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 97

iii

SECTION 10.14. Release of Collateral and Guarantees 99

SECTION 10.15. Intentionally Omitted 100

SECTION 10.16. Patriot Act Notification; Anti-Money Laundering Act;
Beneficial Ownership 100

SECTION 10.17. Jurisdiction, Etc. 100

SECTION 10.18. Actions in Concert; Enforcement by the Agents 101

SECTION 10.19. Governing Law 101

SECTION 10.20. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 101

SECTION 10.21. No Fiduciary Duties 101

SECTION 10.22. Intentionally Omitted 102

SECTION 10.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected
Financial Institutions 102

SECTION 10.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 102

iv

SCHEDULES

Schedule I - Commitments and Applicable Lending Offices

Schedule II - Investment Assets

Part I Investment Assets

Part II Excluded Investment Assets

Schedule III - Management Contracts

Part I Management Contracts

Part II Excluded Management Contracts

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A - Form of Note

Exhibit B - Form of Notice of Borrowing

Exhibit C - Form of Guaranty Supplement

Exhibit D - Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit E-1 - Form of Section 2.11(g) U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S.
Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E-2 - Form of Section 2.11(g) U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For
U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E-3 - Form of Section 2.11(g) U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S.
Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E-4 - Form of Section 2.11(g) U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal
Income Tax Purposes)

v

CREDIT AGREEMENT

CREDIT
AGREEMENT dated as of January 22, 2025 (this Agreement) among THE RMR GROUP LLC, a Maryland limited
liability company (the Borrower), THE RMR GROUP INC., a Maryland corporation (the Parent Guarantor),
RMR RESIDENTIAL MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC, a Maryland limited liability company (f/k/a CARROLL MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC, a Georgia limited liability
company) (RMRR, and, together with the Parent Guarantor and any Additional Guarantors (as hereinafter defined)
acceding hereto pursuant to Section 5.01(j) or 7.05, the Guarantors), the banks, financial institutions
and other institutional lenders listed on the signature pages hereof as the initial lenders (collectively, the Initial
Lenders), CITIBANK, N.A. (Citibank), as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with
any successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to Article IX, the Administrative Agent) for the
Lenders (as hereinafter defined), Citibank, as collateral agent (in such capacity, together with any successor collateral agent
appointed pursuant to Article IX, the Collateral Agent, and together with the Administrative Agent,
the Agents), for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined), with BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as co-syndication agents, Citibank, BOFA SECURITIES, INC., and PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, as joint lead arrangers, and
Citibank as the sole book running manager (together, the Arrangers).

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION 1.01. Certain
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Acceding Lender
has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(d).

Accession Agreement
has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(d)(A).

Additional
Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 7.05.

Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily
Simple SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, plus (b) 0.10% (10 basis points); provided, however,
that in no event shall Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR be less than the Floor.

Adjusted
DSS Advance means an Advance that bears interest by reference to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR.

Adjusted
Term SOFR means, for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such Interest Period,
plus (b)(i) 0.10% (10 basis points) (the Term SOFR Adjustment); provided, however, that
in no event shall Adjusted Term SOFR be less than the Floor.

Adjusted
Term SOFR Advance means an Advance that bears interest by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause
(c) of the definition of Base Rate).

Administrative
Agent has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Administrative
Agents Account means the account of the Administrative Agent maintained by the Administrative Agent with Citibank,
N.A., at its office at 1615 Brett Road, OPS III, New Castle, Delaware 19720, ABA No. 021000089, Account No. 36852248, Account
Name: Agency/Medium Term Finance, Reference: The RMR Group, Attention: Global Loans/Agency, or such other account as the Administrative
Agent shall specify in writing to the Lenders.

Advance
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

Affected
Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term control (including the terms
controlling, controlled by and under common control with) of a Person means the possession,
direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies or day-to-day operations of such Person,
whether through the ownership of Voting Interests, by contract, management agreement or otherwise.

Agents
has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Agreement
has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Annual
Financial Statements means the audited Consolidated balance sheets of Parent Guarantor as at September 30, 2024,
and the related Consolidated statements of income and Consolidated statements of cash flows of Parent Guarantor for the fiscal year then
ended.

Anti-Corruption
Laws shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor
or their Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or money laundering including, without limitation,
the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010 and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Applicable
Lending Office means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate
Advance and such Lenders SOFR Lending Office in the case of an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance or Adjusted DSS Advance.

Applicable
Margin means (a) for Adjusted Term SOFR Advances and Adjusted DSS Advances, two and twenty-five hundredths percent
(2.25%) per annum and (b) for Base Rate Advances, one and twenty-five hundredths percent (1.25%) per annum.

Approved
Electronic Communications means each Communication that any Loan Party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide
to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein, including any financial statement,
financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information materials required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.03(b) and
(c) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent.

Approved
Electronic Platform has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c).

Arrangers
has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Assets
means Investment Assets and Joint Venture Assets.

Assignment
and Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the
Administrative Agent, in accordance with Section 10.07 and in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto or any other form
(including electronic documentation generated by use of an Approved Electronic Platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

2

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any then-current Benchmark that is a term rate, as applicable,
any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant
to this Agreement as of such date.

Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of
any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In
Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such
EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United
Kingdom, the UK Bail-In Legislation and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

Bankruptcy
Law means any applicable law governing a proceeding of the type referred to in Section 6.01(f) or Title 11,
U.S. Code, or any similar foreign, federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Base
Rate means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times
be equal to the highest of (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York, New York, from time to
time, as Citibanks base rate, (b) of 1% per annum above the Federal Funds Rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for
a one-month Interest Period in effect on such day plus 1% per annum (taking into account any floor set forth in the definition
of Adjusted Term SOFR); provided, however, that in no circumstance shall the Base Rate be less than the Floor. Citibanks
base rate is a rate set by Citibank based upon various factors, including Citibanks costs and desired return, general economic
conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced
rate. Any change in such base rate announced by Citibank shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the
public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.06(d) or
2.06(e), then the Base Rate shall be equal to the higher of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference
to clause (c) above.

Base
Rate Advance means an Advance that bears interest by reference to the Base Rate.

Base
Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.06(e),
then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such
prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation
thereof.

3

Benchmark
Replacement means, with respect to

(a)any
Benchmark Transition Event occurring while the Benchmark is Term SOFR, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(i) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or

(ii) the sum of: (A) the
alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (1) any
selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental
Body or (2) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current
Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
provided that if the Benchmark Replacement would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor
for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; or

(b)any
Benchmark Transition Event occurring while the Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, the alternative set forth in clause (a)(ii) above
for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative
value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection
or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining
rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability
and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, the formula for calculating any successor rates identified
pursuant to the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the formula, methodology or convention for applying the successor Floor to the successor
Benchmark Replacement and other technical, administrative or operational matters, excluding any changes
to material economic terms) that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative
Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that adoption
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no
market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative
Agent reasonably determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a)in
the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

4

(b)in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided, however, that such non-representativeness will be determined
by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided
on such date.

For
the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate, a Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of
clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with
respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a)a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof);

(b)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will
cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term
rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, if such
Benchmark is a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement
or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof).

5

Beneficial
Ownership Certification means a certification of beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial
Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit
Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of
ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes
of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee
benefit plan or plan.

BHC
Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(b).

Borrower
has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Borrowers
Account means the account of the Borrower maintained by the Borrower with PNC Bank, ABA No. 031207607, Account No. 8026300913
(or such other account as the Borrower shall specify in writing to the Administrative Agent).

Borrowing
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same Type made by the Lenders.

Business
Day means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City.

Capitalized
Leases means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP (as in effect prior to the adoption of Accounting
Standards Codification No. 842), recorded as capitalized leases.

Cash
EBITDA means EBITDA for the applicable period minus non-cash items increasing net income for such period (excluding
any non-cash item to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential cash item in any prior period).

Change
of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) Key Person no longer has the power directly or indirectly
to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies or day-to-day operations of any of the Loan Parties, whether through
the ownership of Voting Interests, by contract, management agreement or otherwise; or (b) the Parent Guarantor ceases to be the
direct beneficial owner (through its Equity Interests in Borrower) of at least 51% of the Equity Interests in the Borrower; or (c) the
Parent Guarantor ceases to be the indirect beneficial owner (through its Equity Interests in Borrower) of at least 51% of the Equity
Interests in RMR Residential Management Group LLC or Borrower ceases to be the direct beneficial owner of 100% of the Equity Interests
in RMR Residential Management Group LLC; or (d) the Parent Guarantor shall create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on
the Equity Interests in the Borrower owned by it other than pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

Citibank
has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Closing
Date means the Effective Date, which the parties hereto acknowledge is January 22, 2025.

Collateral
means all Collateral referred to in the Collateral Documents and all other property that is or is intended to be subject
to any Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and includes, without limitation, all Management
Contracts and all Investment Assets, provided that the Collateral shall not include any Excluded Management Contracts, Excluded
Investment Assets or any other Excluded Assets.

6

Collateral
Agent has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Collateral
Documents means the Security Agreement, the Control Agreements and any other agreement entered into by a Loan Party that
creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Commitment
means, (a) with respect to any Lender at any time, the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule I hereto
under the caption Commitment or (b) if such Lender has entered into one or more Assignment and Acceptances, set forth
for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d) as such Lenders
Commitment, as such amount may be reduced or increased at or prior to such time pursuant to Section 2.04 or Section 2.16,
respectively.

Commitment
Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b).

Commitment
Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a).

Commodity
Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor
statute.

Communications
means each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document
or otherwise transmitted between the parties hereto relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Loan Party or its Affiliates,
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents including, without limitation, all Approved Electronic
Communications.

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR or the use, administration,
adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the
definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of
Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency
of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices,
the applicability and length of lookback periods, and other technical, administrative or operational matters,excluding
any changes to material economic terms) that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines may be appropriate to reflect the
adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that adoption of any portion of
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for
the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent reasonably determines,
in consultation with the Borrower, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents).

Connection
Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or franchise Taxes
or branch profits Taxes.

Consent
Request Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.01(b).

Consolidated
refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.

7

Contingent
Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any Obligation or arrangement of such Person to guarantee or intended to
guarantee any Debt, leases, dividends or other payment Obligations (primary obligations) of any other Person
(the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation and without
duplication (a) the direct or indirect guarantee, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business),
co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the Obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the Obligation
to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement or (c) any
Obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct
or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation
or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of
the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner
of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise
to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. The amount of any Contingent Obligation
shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent
Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms
of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability
in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.

Contractual
Obligation of any Person means any obligation, agreement, undertaking or similar provision of any Equity Interests issued
by such Person or of any agreement, undertaking, contract, lease, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which such
Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound or to which any of its property is subject (excluding, in each case,
a Loan Document).

Control
Agreements has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Conversion,
Convert and Converted each refer to a conversion of Advances of one Type into
Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.06(d), 2.06(e), 2.08 or 2.09.

Covered
Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(b).

Covered
Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(a).

Customary
Carve-Out Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Non-Recourse Debt.

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day
(such day, a SOFR Determination Day) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior
to (a) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (b) if such SOFR Rate Day
is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day,
in each case as published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. If by 5:00 P.M. (New York City time)
on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, the Daily Simple
SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement
Date with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then the Daily Simple SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be the Daily
Simple SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Daily Simple SOFR was
published on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that any Daily Simple SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence
shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change
in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without
notice to the Borrower.

8

Date
of Full Satisfaction means, as of any date, that on or before such date: (a) the principal of and interest accrued
to such date on each Advance shall have been paid in full in cash, (b) all fees, expenses and other amounts then due and payable
which constitute Obligations (other than contingent amounts and expenses for which no claim or demand has been made) shall have been
indefeasibly paid in full in cash, and (c) the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated.

Debt
of any Person means, without duplication for purposes of calculating financial ratios, (a) all Debt for Borrowed Money of such Person,
(b) all Obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services other than trade payables incurred in
the ordinary course of business and not overdue by more than 60 days or any unsecured earn-out obligation or other contingent obligation
incurred as consideration for an acquisition until (x) such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in
accordance with GAAP or (y) the liability on account of any such obligation becomes fixed, (c) all Obligations of such Person
evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all Obligations of such Person created or arising under
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and
remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property),
(e) all Obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases, (f) all Obligations of such Person under acceptance,
letter of credit or similar facilities, (g) all Obligations of such Person in respect of mandatory redemption or cash mandatory
dividend rights on Disqualified Equity Interests, (h) all Obligations of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements, (i) all
Contingent Obligations of such Person, (j) all Obligations under any Repo Line and (k) all indebtedness and other payment Obligations
referred to in clauses (a) through (j) above of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an
existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract
rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness or other
payment Obligations (valued, in the case of any such Debt as to which recourse for the payment thereof is expressly limited to the property
or assets on which such Lien is granted, at the lesser of (1) the stated or determinable amount of the Debt that is so secured or,
if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform
thereunder) and (2) the fair market value of such property or assets). The Debt of any Person shall include the Debt of any other
entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result
of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Debt provides
that such Person is not liable therefor. The amount of the obligations of any Person in respect of any Hedge Agreement shall, at any
time of determination and for all purposes under this Agreement, be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements)
that such Person would be required to pay if such Hedge Agreement were terminated at such time giving effect to current market conditions
notwithstanding any contrary treatment in accordance with GAAP.

Debt
for Borrowed Money of any Person means all items that, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as indebtedness on
a Consolidated balance sheet of such Person.

9

Debt
Rating shall mean, as of any date, with respect to either Moodys or S&P, the most recent credit rating assigned
to the senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced, long-term debt of the Parent Guarantor issued by such rating agency prior to such date;
provided, however, that (a) if the Debt Ratings issued by Moodys and S&P differ and such difference is
less than two levels, the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply and (b) if the Debt Ratings issued by Moodys and S&P
differ and such difference is two or more levels, the Debt Rating one level below the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply. At any
time, if either of Moodys or S&P shall no longer perform the functions of a securities rating agency, then (x) the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent shall promptly negotiate in good faith to agree upon a substitute rating agency or agencies (and to correlate
the system of ratings of each substitute rating agency with that of the rating agency being replaced), and (y) pending such amendment,
(i) the Debt Rating of the other of rating agency described herein, if one has been provided, shall continue to apply and (ii) if
such Debt Rating is one of the ratings identified in the definition of Investment Grade Rating, then the Parent Guarantor will be deemed
to have achieved an Investment Grade Rating during such time.

Default
means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time
elapse or both.

Default
Right has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(b).

Defaulting
Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(c), (i) any Lender that has failed for two or more Business Days to comply
with its obligations under this Agreement to make (x) an Advance, or (y) any other payment, in each case when due hereunder
(each, a funding obligation), unless such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in
writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding
has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in
such notice), (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing, or has stated publicly, that
it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, unless such writing or statement states that such position is based
on such Lenders good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding cannot be satisfied (which conditions
precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such notice or public statement), (iii) any
Lender that has, for three or more Business Days after written request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, failed to confirm
in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided
that such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iii) upon the Administrative Agents
and the Borrowers receipt of such written confirmation), (iv) any Lender with respect to which a Lender Insolvency Event
has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Lender or its Parent Company, (v) any Lender that has, or whose Parent Company
has, become the subject of a Bail-In Action or (vi) any Lender that is a Potential Defaulting Lender, provided that in each
case, neither the reallocation of funding obligations provided for in Section 2.17(c) as a result of a Lenders being
a Defaulting Lender nor the performance by Non-Defaulting Lenders of such reallocated funding obligations will by themselves cause the
relevant Defaulting Lender to become a Non-Defaulting Lender, and provided further that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender
solely by virtue of (I) the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect Parent Company
thereof by a Governmental Authority, or (II) if such Lender or its direct or indirect Parent Company is solvent, the appointment
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, or other similar official by a supervisory authority
or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender or such Parent Company is subject to home jurisdiction, if applicable
law requires that such appointment not be disclosed, in each case so long as such ownership interest or appointment, as applicable, does
not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States. Any determination by the
Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any of clauses (i) through (iv) above will be conclusive
and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(c)) upon notification
of such determination by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders.

Departing
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.18.

10

Deposit
Account means any deposit account (as that term is defined in the UCC).

Deposit
Account Control Agreements has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Disqualified
Equity Interest means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into
which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation
or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loan and all other Obligations that
are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole
or in part, (c) provides for scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable
for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that
is ninety-one days after the Termination Date; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit
of employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy
applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability.

Disqualified
Lender means, on any date, (a) any Person designated by the Borrower as a Disqualified Lender by written
notice delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date hereof and (b) any other Person which Person has been designated
by the Borrower as a Disqualified Lender by written notice to the Administrative Agent not less than ten (10) Business
Days prior to such date; provided that Disqualified Lenders shall exclude (i) any Person that the Borrower
has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Lender by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent from time
to time and (ii) and any Lender or Participant that subsequently becomes a Disqualified Lender (but that was not a Disqualified
Lender on the Effective Date or at the time it became a Lender or Participant. The list of Disqualified Lenders shall be made available
to all Lenders by posting such list to the Approved Electronic Platform.

Division
and Divide each refer to a division of a limited liability company into two or more newly formed or existing
limited liability companies pursuant a plan of division or otherwise.

Dollars
and the $ each means lawful currency of the United States of America.

Domestic
Lending Office means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its Domestic Lending Office
opposite its name on Schedule I hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, as the case may
be, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

DSS
Interest Payment Date means, with respect to each Adjusted DSS Advance, the earlier of (a) last Business Day of each
month and (b) the Termination Date.

11

EBITDA
means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the following items, in each for the four consecutive fiscal quarters
of the Parent Guarantor most recently ended for which financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or
(c), or if earlier, as of the last day of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024,
as the case may be: (a) the sum of (i) net income (or net loss) (excluding gains or losses from (A) extraordinary, infrequent,
and unusual items, (including (x) one-time costs and payments in connection with actual or prospective litigation, legal settlements,
fines, judgments or orders and (y) costs of, and payments in connection with, corporate reorganizations and other non-ordinary course
transactions), (B) the income (or loss) of (1) any Person that is not a Subsidiary but whose accounts would be Consolidated
with those of the Parent Guarantor in the Parent Guarantors Consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP or (2) any
other Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary has an ownership interest (including any joint venture),
but amounts in respect of the income of any such Person referred to in (1) or (2) when actually received by the Parent Guarantor
or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions shall not be excluded, (C) the cumulative effect of any change
in accounting principles or policies in accordance with GAAP during such period, and (D) any non-cash gains, charges or losses),
(ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax expense, (iv) depreciation expense, and (v) amortization expense, in each
case of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries determined on a Consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP for such four fiscal
quarter period, plus (b) with respect to each Joint Venture, the JV Pro Rata Share of the sum of (i) net income (or
net loss) (excluding gains (or losses) from extraordinary and unusual items), (ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax expense,
(iv) depreciation expense, (v) amortization expense, and (vi) to the extent subtracted in computing net income of such
Joint Venture, non-recurring items, in each case of such Joint Venture determined on a Consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP
for such four fiscal quarter period; provided, however, that for purposes of this definition, (x) in the case of any
acquisition or disposition of any direct or indirect interest in any asset (including through the acquisition or disposition of Equity
Interests) by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries during such four fiscal quarter period, EBITDA will be adjusted (1) in
the case of an acquisition, by adding thereto an amount equal to the acquired assets actual EBITDA (computed as if such asset
was owned by the Parent Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries for the entire four fiscal quarter period) generated during the portion
of such four fiscal quarter period that such asset was not owned by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, and (2) in the case
of a disposition, by subtracting therefrom an amount equal to the actual EBITDA generated by the asset so disposed of during such four
fiscal quarter period, (y) there shall be no rent-leveling adjustments made (and only cash rents will be used) when computing EBITDA
and (z) any Incentive Fees accounting for more than 40% of EBITDA for such four fiscal quarter period shall be excluded.

ECP
means an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act.

EEA
Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which
is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent
of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member
Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated
supervision with its parent.

EEA
Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA
Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority
of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective
Date means the first date on which the conditions set forth in Section 3.01 shall be satisfied.

12

Eligible
Assignee means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate or Fund Affiliate of a Lender; (iii) a commercial bank organized
under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, respectively, and having total assets in excess of $500,000,000; (iv) a
savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, and having total assets
in excess of $500,000,000; (v) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country that is a member of the OECD or has
concluded special lending arrangements with the International Monetary Fund associated with its General Arrangements to Borrow, or a
political subdivision of any such country, and having total assets in excess of $500,000,000, so long as such bank is acting through
a branch or agency located in the United States; (vi) the central bank of any country that is a member of the OECD; (vii) a
finance company, insurance company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity)
that is engaged in making, purchasing or otherwise investing in commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and having total
assets in excess of $500,000,000; and (viii) any other Person (other than a natural person or a holding company, investment vehicle
or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person) approved pursuant to Section 10.07(a)(v), provided,
however, that in no circumstances shall any Loan Party, any Affiliate of a Loan Party, any natural person (or holding company,
investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person), any Disqualified Lender or any
Defaulting Lender qualify as an Eligible Assignee under this definition.

Environmental
Action means any enforcement action, litigation, demand, demand letter, claim of liability, notice of non-compliance or
violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, enforcement proceeding, consent order or consent agreement in each
case of any Governmental Authority and relating in any way to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material or
arising from alleged injury or threat to health or safety from exposure to Hazardous Materials or to the environment, including, without
limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions
or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery,
compensation or injunctive relief.

Environmental
Law means any Federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health,
safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage,
disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.

Environmental
Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental
Law.

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such
Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other
ownership or profit interests in) such Person, securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares
(or such other interests), and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member
or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests
are authorized or otherwise existing on any date of determination.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings
issued thereunder.

ERISA
Affiliate means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of any Loan
Party, or under common control with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.

13

ERISA
Event means (a)(i) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect
to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC or (ii) the requirements
of Section 4043(b) of ERISA apply with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA,
of a Plan, and an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to such Plan within the following 30 days; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver
with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant
to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of
ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in
Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during
a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the conditions
for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any Plan; or (g) the institution
by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described
in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, such Plan.

Erroneous
Payment has the meaning specified in Section 9.09(a).

Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning specified in Section 9.09(d)(i).

Erroneous
Payment Impacted Class has the meaning specified in Section 9.09(d)(i).

Erroneous
Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning specified in Section 9.09(d)(i).

Erroneous
Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning specified in Section 9.09(e).

EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any
successor Person), as in effect from time to time.

Events
of Default has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

Excess
Management & Advisory Services Revenues means, with respect to any calculation of Recourse Cash EBITDA, the portion
of income in excess of 35% of such Recourse Cash EBITDA during the applicable period that is attributable to business management, advisory,
property management, construction supervision and other non-reimbursable revenues and that are derived from any Person as to which any
Loan Party provides management services pursuant to a Contractual Obligation.

Excluded
Assets means (i) any directly held investment property or general intangibles, or any rights or interest in any contract,
lease, permit, license, or license agreement covering real or personal property of any Loan Party or fee receivables or other
rights to receive income, if under the terms of any organizational document or agreement relating thereto (in the case of directly held
investment property or general intangibles) or such contract, lease, permit, license, license agreement, organizational document or other
agreement, or applicable law with respect thereto, the grant of a security interest or lien therein is prohibited as a matter of law
or by a Contractual Obligation and such prohibition or restriction has not been waived or the consent of the other party to such contract,
lease, permit, license, license agreement, organizational document or other agreement has not been obtained (provided, however,
that (A) the foregoing exclusions of this clause (i) shall in no way be construed (1) to apply to the extent that any
described prohibition or restriction is ineffective under Section 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, or 9-409 of the UCC or other applicable law,
or (2) to apply to the extent that any consent or waiver has been obtained that would permit the Collateral Agents security
interest or lien to attach notwithstanding the prohibition or restriction on the pledge of such contract, lease, permit, license, or
license agreement and (B) the foregoing exclusions of clause (i) shall in no way be construed to limit, impair, or otherwise
affect any of the Collateral Agents continuing security interests in and liens upon any rights or interests of any Loan Party
in or to (1) monies due or to become due under or in connection with any described contract, lease, permit, license, license agreement,
or Securities, or (2) any proceeds from the sale, license, lease, or other dispositions of any such contract, lease, permit, license,
license agreement, or Securities); (ii) any United States intent-to-use trademark applications to the extent that, and solely during
the period in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark
applications under applicable federal law, provided, however, that upon submission and acceptance by the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office of an amendment to allege use pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 1060(a) (or any successor provision), such intent-to-use
trademark application shall be considered Collateral; (iii) any Deposit Account exclusively used for all or any of the following
purposes: payroll, benefits, taxes, trusts, utility payments, escrow, customs, insurance impress accounts, other fiduciary purposes or
compliance with legal requirements to the extent such legal requirements prohibit the granting of a Lien thereon; or (iv) the Equity
Interests issued by Tremont Realty Capital LLC.

14

Excluded
Investment Asset means any Investment Asset that is an Excluded Asset, which Excluded Investment Assets are excluded
from the Collateral. A list of the Excluded Investment Assets as of the Closing Date is set forth on Part II of Schedule II.

Excluded
Management Contracts means any Management Contract that is an Excluded Asset, which Excluded Management Contracts are
excluded from the Collateral. A list of the Excluded Management Contracts as of the Closing Date is set forth on Part II of Schedule
III.

Excluded
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that (i) is prohibited or restricted as a matter of law or by a
Contractual Obligation (so long as such Contractual Obligation was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming an
Excluded Subsidiary) from providing a guaranty of the Obligations, and such prohibition or restriction has not been waived or the consent
of the other party to such Contractual Obligation has not been obtained, (ii) the guarantee of the Obligations by such Subsidiary
could reasonably be expected to result in a materially adverse tax or accounting consequence (as determined by the Borrower in consultation
with the Administrative Agent) or (iii) a guarantee of the Obligations (or enforcement of such guarantee or exercise of remedies
with respect to the assets of such Subsidiary, including its Equity Interests) could reasonably be expected to result in an assignment
under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940.

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch
profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal
office or, in the case of any Lender, its Applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political
subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed
on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Advance or Commitment pursuant to
a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Advance or Commitment (other than pursuant to
an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.18 or Section 10.01(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending
office except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.11, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either
to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed
its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.11(f) and Section 2.11(g) (other
than if such failure is due to a change in law, or in the interpretation or application thereof, occurring after the date on which a
form or other document originally was required to be provided), (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA and (e) any
Taxes attributable to a Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07 relating to the maintenance of a Participant
Register.

15

Existing
Debt means Debt for Borrowed Money of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries outstanding on the Effective Date.

Extension
Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.15.

Extension
Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(c).

Facility
means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments at such time.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretation
or application thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among
Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code.

Federal
Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted
average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published for such day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate
is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, an analogous rate determined by the Administrative Agent with reference to another
commercially available source or sources designated by the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that in no circumstance
shall the Federal Funds Rate be less than the Floor.

Fee
Letter means any separate letter agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower and
to which the Administrative Agent or an Arranger is a party, as the same may be amended, restated or replaced from time to time.

Fiscal
Year means a fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries ending on September 30 in
any calendar year.

Floor
means zero percent (0.00%) per annum.

Foreign
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(g)(ii).

Fund
Affiliate means, with respect to any Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans, any other fund that invests in
bank loans and is advised or managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.

GAAP
has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.

Good
Faith Contest means the contest of an item as to which: (a) such item is contested in good faith, by appropriate
proceedings, (b) reserves that are adequate are established with respect to such contested item in accordance with GAAP and (c) the
failure to pay or comply with such contested item during the period of such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

16

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof,
whether state or local, and any Federal, state, municipal, national, local or other governmental department, agency, authority, commission,
instrumentality, board, bureau, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as
the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guaranteed
Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(a).

Guarantors
has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Guaranty
means the Guaranty by the Guarantors pursuant to Article VII, together with any and all Guaranty Supplements required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 5.01(j) or Section 7.05.

Guaranty
Supplement means a supplement entered into by an Additional Guarantor in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto.

Hazardous
Materials means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas and mold and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified
or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.

Hedge
Agreements means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap
agreements, currency future or option contracts and other hedging agreements.

Incentive
Fees means any Incentive Fee as defined under a Management Contract or any similar fee paid to the
manager in excess of the base fee provided for thereunder in consideration for the manager achieving a certain performance threshold
or thresholds.

Increase
Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a).

Increasing
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b).

Indemnified
Costs has the meaning specified in Section 9.05(a).

Indemnified
Party has the meaning specified in Section 7.06(a).

Indemnified
Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account
of any Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

Information
has the meaning specified in Section 10.13.

Initial
Lenders has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Intellectual
Property has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(v).

Interest
Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Cash EBITDA to (b) Interest Expenses (i) for
the consecutive four fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor most recently ended for which financial statements are required to be delivered
to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or (c) as the case may be, or ii) if earlier, as of the last day of the four
consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024, as the case may be.

17

Interest
Expense means the sum of cash interest payable on, and amortization of debt discount in respect of, all Debt for
Borrowed Money, in each case, of or by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (without duplication) for the consecutive four fiscal
quarters of the Parent Guarantor most recently ended for which financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant
to Section 5.03(b) or (c), or if earlier, as of the last day of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor
ended September 30, 2024, as the case may be.

Interest
Period means, for each Adjusted Term SOFR Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the
date of such Adjusted Term SOFR Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Adjusted Term SOFR Advance,
and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, each subsequent
period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected
by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, three or six months, in each
case subject to availability, as the Borrower may, upon notice received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 Noon (New
York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; provided, however,
that:

(a)the
Borrower may not select any Interest Period with respect to any Adjusted Term SOFR Advance that ends after the Termination Date;

(b)Interest
Periods commencing on the same date for Adjusted Term SOFR Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration;

(c)whenever
the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest
Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day; provided, however, that if such extension would
cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest
Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and

(d)whenever
the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day
in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months
in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.

Internal
Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and
rulings issued thereunder.

Investment
means, with respect to any Person, any acquisition or investment (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, by means
of any of the following: (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance
or extension of credit to, capital contribution to, guaranty of Debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Debt of, another Person,
including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction
or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute the business or a division or operating unit of another Person,
or (d) the purchase or other acquisition of any real property. Any binding commitment to make an Investment, as well as any option
of another Person to require an Investment in such Person, shall constitute an Investment; provided, however, that in the
case of a binding commitment to make an Investment in replacement of an existing Investment, the amount of such binding commitment shall
only be counted to the extent it exceeds the amount of the existing Investment. Except as expressly provided otherwise, for purposes
of determining compliance with any covenant contained in a Loan Document, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested,
without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.

18

Investment
Asset means the interest of any Loan Party (including a Person that becomes a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.01(j)(ii))
in (a) Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts; (b) general intangibles; and (c) other rights to receive income set forth
on Part I of Schedule II hereto (as supplemented from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof), exclusive of Management
Contracts.

Investment
Grade Rating shall mean a Debt Rating of BBB- or better from S&P and a Debt Rating of Baa3 or better from Moodys.

Joint
Venture means any joint venture or other Person (a) in which the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries holds
any Equity Interest, (b) that is not a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries and (c) the accounts of
which would not appear on the Consolidated financial statements of the Parent Guarantor.

Joint
Venture Assets means, with respect to any Joint Venture at any time, the assets owned by such Joint Venture at such time.

JV
Pro Rata Share means, with respect to any Joint Venture at any time, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, obtained
by dividing (a) the total book value of all Equity Interests in such Joint Venture directly or indirectly held by the Parent Guarantor
and any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries by (b) the total book value of all outstanding Equity Interests in such Joint Venture at
such time.

Key
Person means Adam D. Portnoy.

Key
Person Event shall occur when Key Person fails to dedicate requisite and meaningful business time and attention to the
investment and other activities of the Borrower (whether due to death, disability, resignation, termination, attention to other matters
or otherwise).

Lender
Insolvency Event means that, other than in connection with an Undisclosed Administration, (a) the Lender or its Parent
Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts
as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (b) such Lender or its Parent Company is
the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor
or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company has taken
any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (c) such Lender
or its Parent Company has become the subject of a Bail-In Action. Notwithstanding the above, a Lender Insolvency Event shall not occur
solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in the applicable Lender or any direct or indirect Parent Company
thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the
jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such
Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.

Lenders
means the Initial Lenders, each Acceding Lender that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.16 and each Person that shall
become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 10.07 for so long as such Initial Lender, Acceding Lender or Person, as the case may
be, shall be a party to this Agreement but does not include the Administrative Agent in its capacity as the Administrative Agent.

19

Leverage
Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (a) Recourse Debt to (b) Recourse
Cash EBITDA.

Lien
means any lien, security interest, or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement, including,
without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor, or any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on
title to real property.

Loan
Documents means (a) this Agreement (including the schedules and exhibits hereto), (b) the Notes, (c) the
Fee Letter, (d) each Guaranty Supplement, (e) the Collateral Documents, and (f) each other document or instrument now
or hereafter executed and delivered by a Loan Party in connection with, pursuant to or relating to this Agreement and designated as a
Loan Document, in each case, as amended.

Loan
Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors.

Management
Contracts means those contracts for investment management, business management, property management and/or advisory
services in effect from time to time to which any Loan Party providing Collateral (including a Person that becomes a Loan Party pursuant
to Section 5.01(j)(ii)) is a party as the manager, operator, adviser, administrator or in a similar role set forth on Schedule III
hereto (as supplemented from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof), in each case, excluding any such contract that is
terminable upon 90 days notice (or less).

Management
Fee-generating Assets Under Management equals, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the aggregate assets under management
of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in respect of which the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries earn management, advisory, administration
or other investment-related fees on the first day of the following fiscal quarter.

Margin
Stock has the meaning specified in Regulation U.

Material
Adverse Change means a material adverse change in the business, financial condition, results of operations of the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition, operations of the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document,
(c) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment Obligations under any Loan Document, or (d) the
value of the Collateral.

Material
Contract means each contract to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party material to the business, condition
(financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the
termination of or default by Borrower or its Subsidiary under which, could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Without limitation of the foregoing, each Management Contract shall be deemed to be a Material Contract hereunder.

Material
Debt means (a) Recourse Debt of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is outstanding in a principal
amount (or, in the case of any Hedge Agreement, an amount) of $20,000,000 or more, or (b) any other Debt of any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is outstanding in a principal amount (or, in the case of any Hedge Agreement, an amount) of $20,000,000
or more; in each case (i) whether or not the primary obligation of the applicable obligor, (ii) whether the subject of one
or more separate debt instruments or agreements, and (iii) exclusive of Debt outstanding under this Agreement. For the avoidance
of doubt, Material Debt may include Refinancing Debt to the extent comprising Material Debt as defined herein.

20

Maximum
Rate means the maximum non-usurious interest rate under applicable law.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA
Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or
accrued an obligation to make contributions.

Multiple
Employer Plan means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained
for employees of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than the Loan Parties and the ERISA Affiliates or
(b) was so maintained and in respect of which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064
or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

Negative
Pledge means, with respect to any asset of any Loan Party, any provision of a document, instrument or agreement (other
than a Loan Document) which prohibits or purports to prohibit the creation or assumption of any Lien on such asset as security for Debt
of the Person owning such asset or any other Person; provided, however, that (a) an agreement that conditions a Persons
ability to encumber its assets upon the maintenance of one or more specified ratios that limit such Persons ability to encumber
its assets but that do not generally prohibit the encumbrance of its assets, or the encumbrance of specific assets, shall not constitute
a Negative Pledge, and (b) a provision in any agreement governing Unsecured Debt generally prohibiting the encumbrance of assets
shall not constitute a Negative Pledge so long as such provision is generally consistent (taking into account the fact that the Obligations
are secured) with a comparable provision of the Loan Documents.

Non-Consenting
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.01(b).

Non-Defaulting
Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Non-Recourse
Debt means Debt for Borrowed Money with respect to which recourse for payment is limited to (a) any building(s) or
parcel(s) of real property and any related assets encumbered by a Lien securing such Debt for Borrowed Money and/or (b) (i) the
general credit of the Property-Level Subsidiary that has incurred such Debt for Borrowed Money, and/or the direct Equity Interests therein
and/or (ii) the general credit of the immediate parent entity of such Property-Level Subsidiary, provided that such parent
entitys assets consist solely of Equity Interests in such Property-Level Subsidiary, it being understood that the instruments
governing such Debt may include customary carve-outs to such limited recourse (any such customary carve-outs or agreements limited to
such customary carve-outs, being a Customary Carve-Out Agreement) such as, for example, personal recourse
to the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor for fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication or misappropriation of
cash, waste, environmental claims, damage to properties, non-payment of taxes or other liens despite the existence of sufficient cash
flow, interference with the enforcement of loan documents upon maturity or acceleration, voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy filings,
violation of loan document prohibitions against transfer of properties or ownership interests therein and liabilities and other circumstances
customarily excluded by lenders from exculpation provisions and/or included in separate indemnification and/or guaranty agreements in
non-recourse financings of real estate.

21

Note
means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to the order of any Lender, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing
the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Advances made by such Lender.

Notice
of Borrowing has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).

Obligation
means, with respect to any Person, any payment, performance or other obligation of such Person of any kind, including, without limitation,
any liability of such Person on any claim, whether or not the right of any creditor to payment in respect of such claim is reduced to
judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, and whether
or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding referred to in Section 6.01(f). Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation to pay principal,
interest, charges, expenses, fees, attorneys fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by such Loan Party
under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of such Loan Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that
any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party.

OECD
means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.

Other
Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between
such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered,
become a party to, performed any Obligation under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged
in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or pledged or assigned or granted an interest in any Advance
or Loan Document).

Other
Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, excise, property, intangible, recording, filing or similar
Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement, recordation, filing or registration
of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes
that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.18).

Parent
Company means, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y),
if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such
Lender.

Parent
Guarantor has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.

Participant
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(g).

Participant
Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(g).

Patriot
Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended.

Payment
Recipient has the meaning specified in Section 9.09(a).

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).

22

Perfection
Requirements means the filing of appropriate UCC financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State of the
state of incorporation, formation or organization, as applicable, of each Loan Party, the filing of appropriate assignments or notices
with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, in each case, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, the delivery to the Collateral Agent of any stock, partnership or membership certificate or promissory note required
to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank, the execution of
Deposit Account Control Agreements with a depository bank with which a Deposit Account is held, the execution of Securities Account Control
Agreements with the securities intermediary with which a Securities Account is held, and such other actions as are required under the
UCC (including as may be imposed after the date hereof) to perfect any security interest in the Collateral.

Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted
Liens means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall
have been commenced: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies (i) that are not overdue for a period
of more than 30 days or are subject to a Good Faith Contest or (ii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, mechanics,
carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business securing
obligations that (i) are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or are subject to a Good Faith Contest and (ii) individually
or together with all other Permitted Liens outstanding on any date of determination do not materially adversely affect the use of the
property to which they relate; (c) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers compensation or unemployment laws
or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; (d) easements, zoning restrictions, rights of way and other
encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely
affect the use or value of such property for its present purposes; (e) Tenancy Leases; (f) pledges or deposits to secure trade
contracts (other than for Debt), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature
incurred in the ordinary course of business (or to secure letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments posted to support
payment of any such item); (g) Liens arising from filing UCC (or similar law of any jurisdiction) financing statements or similar
public filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdiction regarding leases and consignment or bailee arrangements permitted
or not prohibited by any of the Loan Documents and Liens securing liabilities in respect of indemnification obligations thereunder as
long as each such Lien only encumbers the assets that are the subject of the related lease (or contained in such leasehold) or consignment
or bailee, and other precautionary statements, filings or agreements; (h) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to
others in the ordinary course of business which do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Parent Guarantor and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (i) Liens granted in the ordinary course of business to secure liabilities for premiums or reimbursement
obligations to insurance carriers, liabilities in respect of indemnification obligations under leases or other Contractual Obligations,
and letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments posted to support payment of any of the foregoing items; (j) Liens
(i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4208 of the UCC or other similar provisions of applicable laws on items
in the course of collection, (ii) in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits or other funds
maintained with financial institutions (including the right of setoff), (iii) arising in connection with pooled deposit or
sweep accounts, cash netting, deposit accounts or similar arrangements of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary and consisting of the
right to apply the funds held therein to satisfy overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of such
Person, (iv) encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and (v) granted in the ordinary course of
business by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary to any bank with whom it maintains accounts to the extent required by the relevant
banks (or custodians or trustees, as applicable) standard terms and conditions, in each case, which are within the
general parameters customary in the banking industry; and (k) Liens in favor of a commodity, brokerage, futures or security intermediary
who holds a commodity, brokerage, futures or securities account, as applicable, on behalf of the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary provided
such Lien encumbers only the related account and the property held therein.

23

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated
association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.

Plan
means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.

Post
Petition Interest has the meaning specified in Section 7.07(b).

Potential
Defaulting Lender means, at any time, (i) any Lender with respect to which an event of the kind referred to in the
definition of Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing in respect of any Subsidiary of such Lender, (ii) any Lender
that has notified, or whose Parent Company or a Subsidiary thereof has notified, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, in writing,
or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under any other loan agreement or credit agreement
or other similar agreement, unless such writing or statement states that such position is based on such Lenders determination
that one or more conditions precedent to funding cannot be satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default,
if any, will be specifically identified in such writing or public statement), or (iii) any Lender that has, or whose Parent Company
has, a non-investment grade rating from Moodys or S&P or another nationally recognized rating agency. Any determination by
the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Potential Defaulting Lender under any of clauses (i) through (iii) above will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender will be deemed a Potential Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(c))
upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders.

Property-Level
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any Joint Venture that holds a direct fee or leasehold interest
in any single building (or group of related buildings, including, without limitation, buildings pooled for purposes of a Non-Recourse
Debt financing) or parcel (or group of related parcels, including, without limitation, parcels pooled for purposes of a Non- Recourse
Debt financing) of real property and related assets and not in any other building or parcel of real property.

Proposed
Increased Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b).

Pro
Rata Share of any amount means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the product of such amount times a fraction
the numerator of which is the aggregate amount of such Lenders Commitment at such time (or, if the Commitments shall have been
terminated pursuant to Section 2.04 or 6.01, such Lenders Commitment as in effect immediately prior to such termination)
and the denominator of which is the Facility at such time (or, if the Commitments shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 2.04
or 6.01, the Facility as in effect immediately prior to such termination).

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.

Public
Company Costs means any loss, charge, fee, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind (a) associated with, or
in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules and regulations promulgated
in connection therewith, (b) relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act (and,
in each case, similar law under other jurisdictions), the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or
debt securities, directors or managers compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, or (c) relating to investor relations,
shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs,
legal and other professional fees and listing fees.

24

Purchasing
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(e).

QFC
has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(b).

QFC
Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 10.24.

Qualified
ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Guarantor that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at
the time such Swap Obligation is incurred or such other Person as constitutes an ECP under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations
promulgated thereunder.

Quarterly
Financial Statements means the unaudited Consolidated balance sheets of Parent Guarantor as at December 31, 2023,
March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and the related Consolidated statements of income and Consolidated statements of cash flows
of Parent Guarantor for each such fiscal quarter then ended.

Real
Property means all right, title and interest of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries in and to any land and any improvements
and fixtures located thereon and all appurtenances, additions, improvements, renewals, substitutions and replacements thereof now or
hereafter acquired by such Person.

Recipient
means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any Lender.

Recourse
Cash EBITDA means Cash EBITDA, adjusted to exclude (a) income derived from any asset subject to Non-Recourse Debt
or a Repo Line and (b) Excess Management & Advisory Services Revenues.

Recourse
Debt means Debt for which the borrower thereunder or the Parent Guarantor has personal or recourse liability in whole
or in part, to the extent of such personal or recourse liability (it being understood that Recourse Debt shall include
any Repo Line, to the extent of any personal or recourse liability thereunder and with respect to any such Debt for which personal or
recourse liability is limited to obligations under Customary Carve-Out Agreements, only such amount as has been claimed in writing as
due under such Customary Carve-Out Agreements).

Refinancing
Debt means, with respect to any Debt for Borrowed Money, any Debt for Borrowed Money extending the maturity of, or refunding
or refinancing, in whole or in part, such Debt for Borrowed Money, provided that (a) the terms of any Refinancing Debt, and
of any agreement entered into and of any instrument issued in connection therewith, (i) do not provide for any Lien on any Collateral,
and (ii) are not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents, (b) the principal amount of such Debt for Borrowed Money shall
not exceed the principal amount of the Debt for Borrowed Money being extended, refunded or refinanced plus the amount of any applicable
premium, fees, expenses and undrawn commitments, and (c) the average life to maturity of such Refinancing Debt is greater than or
equal to the remaining average life to maturity of the Debt being refinanced (as determined without giving effect to any prepayments
that reduce amortization), and (d) such Refinancing Debt does not have different obligors, or greater guarantees or security, than
the Debt being refinanced, unless the incurrence of such Refinancing Debt, guarantees or security is permitted by a separate provision
of this Agreement.

25

Register
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d).

Regulation
U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.

Related
Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents, brokers, trustees, administrators, managers, consultants, service providers, advisors and representatives, including accountants,
auditors and legal counsel, of such Persons and of such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, or any successor thereto.

Replacement
Lender means an Eligible Assignee designated by the Borrower and approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not
to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

Repo
Line means a line of credit pursuant to which the credit provider from time to time, upon the terms and conditions
set forth in the applicable repo line repurchase agreement, agrees to enter into transactions in which a Loan Party or its Subsidiary
transfers qualified mortgage loans to the credit provider against the transfer of funds by such credit provider, with a simultaneous
agreement by the credit provider to transfer to the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary such purchased mortgage loans at a date certain
against the transfer of funds by such Loan Party or it Subsidiary.

Required
Lenders means, subject to Section 10.01(c), at any time, Lenders owed or holding greater than 50% of the sum of (a) the
aggregate principal amount of the Advances outstanding at such time and (b) the aggregate Unused Commitments at such time.

Requirement
of Law means, with respect to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing
documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property
is subject.

Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible
Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, any officer of, or any officer of any general partner or managing member
of, such Loan Party (or its member, manager, managing member or similar controlling person), which Officer has (a) responsibility
for performing the underlying function that is the subject of the action required of such officer hereunder, or (b) supervisory
responsibility for such an officer.

Restricted
Payments means, in the case of any Person, the declaration or payment of any dividends, purchase, redeem, retire, defease
or otherwise acquire for value any of its Equity Interests now or hereafter outstanding, return any capital to its stockholders, partners
or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) as such, or to make any distribution of assets, Equity Interests, obligations or securities
to its stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) as such (including, in each case, by way of a Division),
except for (i) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of Equity Interests with the proceeds of issuances, or the issuance,
of new Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) and (ii) any payments in connection with employee, trustee and
director stock option plans or similar incentive arrangements.

26

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto.

Sanctions
has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(u).

Sarbanes-Oxley
means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.

Scheduled
Investment Assets means Investment Assets of the type described in clauses (a) and (c) of the definition of
Investment Assets.

Secured
Debt means Debt which is secured by any Lien on the assets of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries,
without regard to whether such Debt is recourse.

Secured
Obligations means, collectively, the Secured Obligations as defined in the Security Agreement.

Secured
Parties means the Agents and the Lenders.

Securities
means the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests, or other securities of a Person, all warrants, options, convertible
securities, and other interests which may be exercised in respect of, converted into or otherwise relate to such Persons capital
stock, partnership interests, membership interests, or other equity interests and any other securities, including debt securities of
such Person.

Securities
Account means a securities account (as that term is defined in the UCC).

Securities
Account Control Agreement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended to the date hereof and from time to time hereafter, and any successor
statute, and the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder.

Securities
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended to the date hereof and from time to time hereafter,
and any successor statute.

Security
Agreement means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Loan Parties party
thereto and the Collateral Agent.

Selling
Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(e).

Senior
Financing Transaction means a financing transaction in which senior Unsecured Debt or senior Secured Debt is the obligation
of any Loan Party or its Subsidiary (including, without limitation, (a) any issuance of senior Debt by the Borrower or the Parent
Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act, and (b) any senior term loan made to the
Borrower or the Parent Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries); provided that, if the obligations with respect to such senior
Unsecured Debt or senior Secured Debt are limited to Customary Carve-Out Agreements, such debt shall not constitute a Senior Financing
Transaction.

Single
Employer Plan means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained
for employees of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than the Loan Parties and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was
so maintained and in respect of which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in
the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

27

SOFR
means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for the applicable Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator
on the SOFR Administrators Website.

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate).

SOFR
Administrators Website means the SOFR Administrators website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org (or
any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time).

SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR
Lending Office means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its SOFR Lending Office
opposite its name on Schedule I hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office
is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent.

SOFR
Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

Solvent
means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person, on
a going-concern basis, is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of such
Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person, on a going-concern basis, is not less than the amount that
will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured (taking into account potential
refinancing opportunities), (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond
such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature (taking into account potential refinancing opportunities)
and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which
such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be
computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time (including, without limitation, after
taking into account appropriate discount factors for the present value of future contingent liabilities), represents the amount that
can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Subordinated
Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 7.07.

Subsidiary
of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) 50%
or more of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors
of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might
have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership, joint
venture or limited liability company or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate, in each case, is at the time directly
or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such
Persons other Subsidiaries.

Supported
QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.24.

28

Swap
Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction
that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including all backup withholding), assessments,
fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Tenancy
Leases means operating leases, subleases, licenses, occupancy agreements and rights of use entered into by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries in its capacity as a lessor or a similar capacity in the ordinary course of business that do not materially
and adversely affect the use of the Real Property encumbered thereby for its intended purpose (excluding any lease entered into in connection
with a sale and leaseback transaction).

Term
SOFR means

(a)for
any calculation with respect to an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable
Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator on
the Term SOFR Administrators Website; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 P.M. (New York time) on any Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator
and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR
Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day, and

(b)for
any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Advance on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such
day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior
to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 P.M. (New
York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published
by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term
SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as
such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to
such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day;

provided,
further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause
(b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Term
SOFR Adjustment has the meaning specified in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR.

29

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR
Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term
SOFR Administrators Website means the Term SOFR Administrators website, currently at http://www.cmegroup.com/market-data/cme-group-benchmark-administration/term-sofr.html
(or any successor source for Term SOFR identified as such by the Term SOFR Administrator from time to time).

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Termination
Date means the earlier of (a) the third anniversary of the Closing Date, subject to the extension thereof pursuant
to Section 2.15 and (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or 6.01.

Test
Date means (a) the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Parent Guarantor for which financial statements are
required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.03(b) or (c), as the case may be, (b) the date of each Advance, and (c) with
respect to an extension of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.15, the Extension Date.

Trading
with the Enemy Act means the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations
of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended), and any other enabling legislation or executive
order relating thereto.

Transactions
means the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party
is a party, the borrowing of Advances, the use of the proceeds thereof and the transactions related to the foregoing (including the payment
of all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing).

Type
refers to the distinction between Advances bearing interest at the Base Rate, Advances bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR and Advances
bearing interest at Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR.

UCC
means the New York Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time; provided, however, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory
provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies with respect to Lenders Lien on any Collateral
is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof
relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies. To the extent that terms set forth herein that are defined by reference
to the UCC have different meanings under different Articles under the Uniform Commercial Code, the meaning assigned to such defined term
under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code shall control.

UK
Bail-In Legislation means Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other
law, regulation, rule or requirement applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment
firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

UK
Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook
(as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions
and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

30

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Undisclosed
Administration means in relation to a Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, the appointment of an administrator,
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trust, custodian or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under
or based on the law in the country where such Lender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such
appointment is not to be publicly disclosed.

Unsecured
Debt means all Debt of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, but exclusive of (a) Secured Debt and (b) guarantee
obligations in respect of Secured Debt.

Unused
Commitment means, with respect to any Lender at any date of determination, (a) such Lenders Commitment at
such time minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances made by such Lender (in its capacity as a Lender) and
outstanding at such time.

Unused
Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(a).

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed
for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S.
Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal
Revenue Code.

U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 10.24.

U.S.
Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(g)(ii)(C).

Voting
Interests means shares of capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent Equity Interests in any other Person, the
holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or the election or
appointment of persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening
of such a contingency.

Withdrawal
Liability has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

Withholding
Agent means (a) any Loan Party or (b) the Administrative Agent.

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers
of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) in relation to the UK Bail-In Legislation, any
powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a Person that is a bank or investment firm or
other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change
the form of a liability of such a Person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument
is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers
under that UK Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

31

SECTION 1.02.Computation
of Time Periods. In this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a
later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to
and until each mean to but excluding.

SECTION 1.03.Accounting
Terms.

(a)All
accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).

(b)If
at any time after the Closing Date there are any changes in accounting principles required by GAAP or the Financial Accounting Standards
Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or similar agencies that would result in a change in the method of calculation
of, or affects the results of such calculation of, any of the financial covenants, standards or terms found in this Agreement, and either
the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, then the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate
in good faith to amend such financial covenants, standards or terms so as to equitably reflect such change, with the desired result that
the criteria for evaluating the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (determined on a Consolidated basis) shall be
the same after such change as if such change had not been made. Such provisions shall be amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. Until covenants, standards, or terms of this Agreement are amended in accordance with
this Section 1.03(b), such covenants, standards and terms shall be computed and determined in accordance with accounting principles
in effect prior to such change in accounting principles.

SECTION 1.04.Divisions.
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any Division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable
event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset,
right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the
subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the
first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

SECTION 1.05.Terms
Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include,
includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The
word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires
otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Loan Document) herein
shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document (including any Loan Document) as from time to time amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, replaced, refinanced or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions
on such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, extensions, renewals, replacements, refinancings or modifications
set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein or in any Loan Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons
successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words
of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof or thereof,
(iv) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed
to refer to Articles and Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement or such Loan Document, as
applicable, and (v) the words asset and property, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed
to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities,
accounts and contract rights.

32

ARTICLE II

AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01.The
Advances. Each Lender severally, but not jointly, agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make advances in
Dollars (each, an Advance) to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the
date hereof until the Termination Date in an amount for each such Advance not to exceed such Lenders Unused Commitment at such
time. Each Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or an integral multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof and shall consist
of Advances made simultaneously by the Lenders ratably according to their Commitments. Within the limits of each Lenders Unused
Commitment in effect from time to time and prior to the Termination Date, the Borrower may, under the Commitments, borrow under this
Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.05(a) and reborrow under this Section 2.01.

SECTION 2.02.Making
the Advances.

(a)Each
Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of
the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Adjusted Term SOFR Advances, or not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York
City time) on the date one Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Adjusted
DSS Advances or Base Rate Advances, by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof
by e-mail. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a Notice of Borrowing) shall be by e-mail, in each case in substantially
the form of Exhibit B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising
such Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Adjusted Term SOFR
Advances, the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each Lender shall, before 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date of
such Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Adjusted Term SOFR Advances, and 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date
of such Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Adjusted DSS Advances or Base Rate Advances, make available for the account
of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Account, in same day funds, such Lenders
ratable portion of such Borrowing in accordance with the respective Commitments of such Lender and the other Lenders. After the Administrative
Agents receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the Administrative
Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower by crediting the Borrowers Account no later than 3:00 P.M. (New York
City time) on the date of such Borrowing.

(b)Anything
in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower may not select Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted
DSS Advances if (1) the aggregate amount of the related Borrowing is less than $5,000,000 or (2) the obligation of the Lenders
to make Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.06(d), 2.06(e), 2.08
or 2.09 and (ii) there may not be more than five separate Interest Periods in effect hereunder at any time.

(c)Each
Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower; provided that the Borrower may state that such notice is
conditioned upon the effectiveness of any other transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied; provided that the Borrower shall
indemnify each Lender against any actual loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of its failure to fulfill, on or before
the date specified for such Borrowing in such Notice of Borrowing, the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including,
without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired
by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure,
is not made on such date. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Adjusted
Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any actual loss, cost or expense incurred
by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill, on or before the date specified for such Borrowing in such Notice of Borrowing,
the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason
of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as
part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.

33

(d)Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to (x) the date of any Borrowing consisting of Adjusted
Term SOFR Advances,(y) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of any Borrowing consisting of Adjusted DSS Advances or
(z) 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date of any Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances that such Lender will not make
available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders ratable portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that
such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of
this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date
a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative
Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally (but without duplication) agree to repay or pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on
demand such corresponding amount and to pay interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower
until the date such amount is repaid or paid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate
applicable at such time under Section 2.06 to Advances comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal
Funds Rate. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period,
the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such
Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Advance
as part of such Borrowing for all purposes.

(e)The
failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation,
if any, hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.

(f)Each
Lender may, at its option, make any Advance available to the Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or Affiliate of such
Lender to make such Advance; provided, however, that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation
of the Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, except that any such Lender shall not be entitled to compensation pursuant
to this Agreement or otherwise for any increased costs as a result of such election, and (ii) nothing in this Section 2.02(f) shall
be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Advance in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation
or warranty by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Advance in any particular place or manner.

SECTION 2.03.Repayment
of Advances. The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances then outstanding.

SECTION 2.04.Optional
Termination or Reduction of the Commitments. The Borrower may, upon at least three Business Days notice to the Administrative
Agent, terminate in whole or reduce in part the unused portions of the Unused Commitments; provided, however, that each
partial reduction of a Facility (i) shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $250,000 in excess
thereof and (ii) shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their Commitments. Once terminated, a Commitment may
not be reinstated.

34

SECTION 2.05.Prepayments.

(a)Optional.
The Borrower may, upon same day notice in the case of Base Rate Advances, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days
notice in the case of Adjusted Term SOFR Advances and one U.S. Government Securities Business Days notice in the case of Adjusted
DSS Advances, in each case to the Administrative Agent stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and
if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Advances comprising part of the
same Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the aggregate principal
amount prepaid; provided, however, that (i) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000
or an integral multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the amount of the Advances outstanding and (ii) if any prepayment
of an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance is made on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period for such Advance, the Borrower
shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 10.04(c).

(b)Mandatory.

(i)The
Borrower shall, if applicable on any Business Day, prepay an aggregate principal amount of the Advances to cause the outstanding Advances
not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments.

(ii)Prepayments
of the Facility made pursuant to clause (i) above shall be applied to prepay Advances then outstanding comprising part of the
same Borrowings until such Advances are paid in full.

(iii)All
prepayments under this subsection (b) shall be made together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal
amount prepaid.

SECTION 2.06.Interest.

(a)Scheduled
Interest. The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender from the date of such
Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:

(i)Base
Rate Advances. During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the sum of (A) the
Base Rate in effect from time to time plus (B) the Applicable Margin in respect of Base Rate Advances in effect from time
to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December during such periods
and on the date such Base Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.

(ii)Adjusted
Term SOFR Advances. During such periods as such Advance is an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance, subject to clause (e) below, a rate
per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (A) Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest
Period for such Advance plus (B) the Applicable Margin in respect of Adjusted Term SOFR Advances in effect on the first day
of such Interest Period, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration
of more than three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day
of such Interest Period and on the date such Adjusted Term SOFR Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.

35

(iii)Adjusted
DSS Advances. During such periods as such Advance is an Adjusted DSS Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the sum of (A) Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR in effect from time to time plus (B) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, payable in arrears
on each DSS Interest Payment Date for such Adjusted DSS Advance and on the date such Adjusted DSS Advance shall be converted or paid
in full.

(b)Default
Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Advance or any fee or other amount payable by the
Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise, such overdue
amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal
of any Advance, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Advance as provided above or (ii) in the case of any other
amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to Base Rate Advance as provided in paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 2.06.

(c)Notice
of Interest Period and Interest Rate. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02(a), a notice
of Conversion pursuant to Section 2.08 or a notice of selection of an Interest Period pursuant to the definition of Interest Period,
the Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrower and each Lender of the applicable Interest Period and the applicable interest
rate determined by the Administrative Agent for purposes of clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) of this Section 2.06.

(d)Inability
to Determine Interest Rate. Subject to clause (e) below, if (x) Adjusted Term SOFR is unavailable and the Administrative
Agent is unable to determine the Term SOFR Reference Rate for any Adjusted Term SOFR Advances, as provided in the definition of Adjusted
Term SOFR (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), or (y) Adjusted Daily
Simple SOFR is unavailable and the Administrative Agent is unable to determine Daily Simple SOFR for any Adjusted DSS Advances, as provided
in the definition of Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (including because Daily Simple SOFR is not available or published on a current basis).

(i)the
Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such Adjusted
Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances, as applicable,

(ii)each
such Advance will automatically, on the last day of the Interest Period in the case of an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance or on the next U.S.
Government Securities Business Day in the case of an Adjusted DSS Advance, as applicable, Convert into a Base Rate Advance (or if such
Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue as a Base Rate Advance),

(iii)the
obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances, as applicable,
shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension
no longer exist, and

(iv)the
Borrower may revoke any pending request for an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance, to Convert a Base Rate Advance to an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance
or Adjusted DSS Advance, as applicable, or to continue an Adjusted Term SOFR Advance or Adjusted DSS Advance, as applicable; provided
that if the Borrower does not so revoke any such request, the Borrower will be deemed to have requested a Base Rate Advance.

36

(e)Benchmark
Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document:

(i)Replacing
Benchmarks. If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark
Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a)(i) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement
Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such
Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this
Agreement or any other Loan Document and the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed modified to delete the addition of the
Term SOFR Adjustment to Term SOFR for any calculation and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clauses
(a)(ii) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after
5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to
the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so
long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders
comprising the Required Lenders. At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased
to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant
to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such
Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing
of, conversion to or continuation of Advances to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark
until the Borrowers receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark,
and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to
Base Rate Advances. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will
not be used in any determination of Base Rate.

(ii)Conforming
Changes. In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have
the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time in consultation with the Borrower and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Loan Document (but subject to the Borrowers consultation rights), any amendments implementing such Conforming
Changes will become effective following written notice thereof to the Borrower without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement.

(iii)Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes. For the avoidance of doubt, any
notice required to be delivered by the Administrative Agent as set forth in this Section 2.06(e) may be provided, at the option
of the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), in one or more notices and may be delivered together with, or as part of any amendment
which implements any Benchmark Replacement or Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative
Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.06(e), including any determination with respect
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain
from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without
consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.06(e).

(iv)Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark. At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the
then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Adjusted Term SOFR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark
that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent
may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings.

37

(v)Disclaimer.
The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (A) the
continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, any Benchmark, any component
definition thereof or rates referenced in the definition thereof or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including
any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate
(including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume
or liquidity as, the Base Rate, such Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (B) the
effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The entity acting as Administrative Agent and
its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that, while undertaken in good faith, may affect the calculation
of the Base Rate, any Benchmark, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant
adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services
in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate or any Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referenced in the
definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or
any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages,
costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any
such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 2.07.Fees.

(a)Unused
Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders an unused commitment fee (the Unused
Fee), from the date hereof in the case of each Initial Lender and from the effective date specified in the Assignment
and Acceptance or the Accession Agreement, as the case may be, as the case may be, pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of
each other Lender until the Termination Date, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and
December, commencing March 31, 2025, and on the Termination Date. The Unused Fee payable for the account of each Lender shall be
calculated for each period for which the Unused Fee is payable on the average daily Unused Commitment of such Lender during such period
at the rate of 0.50% per annum.

(b)Agents
Fees. The Borrower shall pay to each Agent for its own account the fees, in the amounts and on the dates, set forth in the Fee Letter
and such other fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Borrower and such Agent.

(c)Extension
Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent on the Extension Date, for the account of each Lender, a Facility extension
fee, in an amount equal to 25 bps of each Lenders Commitment then outstanding (the Extension Fee).

(d)Defaulting
Lender. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender
will not be entitled to any fees accruing during such period pursuant to Section 2.07(a) and Section 2.07(c) (without
prejudice to the rights of the Non-Defaulting Lenders in respect of such fees).

SECTION 2.08.Conversion
of Advances.

(a)Optional.
The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on
the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.06 and 2.09, Convert
all or any portion of the Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing into Advances of the other Type; provided, however, that
any Conversion of Adjusted Term SOFR Advances into Base Rate Advances shall be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such
Adjusted Term SOFR Advances, any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances shall be
in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified in Section 2.02(d), no Conversion of any Advances shall result in more separate
Borrowings than permitted under Section 2.02(d) and each Conversion of Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing under
the Facility shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their Commitments under the Facility. Each such notice of Conversion
shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Advances to be Converted
and (iii) if such Conversion is into Adjusted Term SOFR Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for such Advances.
Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.

38

(b)Mandatory.

(i)If
the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Adjusted Term SOFR Advances in accordance with the provisions
contained in the definition of Interest Period in Section 1.01, the Administrative Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and
the Lenders, whereupon each such Adjusted Term SOFR Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, Convert into a one-month Adjusted Term SOFR Advance.

(ii)Under
the circumstances described in Section 2.06(d) or 2.06(e), all outstanding Adjusted Term SOFR Advances shall be Converted to
Base Rate Advances as provided in Section 2.06(d) or 2.06(e).

SECTION 2.09.Increased
Costs, Etc.

(a)If,
due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in, or in the interpretation or application of, any law or regulation or (ii) the
compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law)
in each case, occurring after the date of this Agreement, (A) there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing
to make or of making, funding or maintaining Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances or (B) there shall be any reduction
in the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender with respect thereto (excluding, for purposes of this Section 2.09,
(x) lost profits and (y) any such increased costs resulting from Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) through
(e) of the definition of Excluded Taxes or Connection Income Taxes (as to which Section 2.11 shall govern), then the Borrower
shall from time to time, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increased cost; provided, however,
that a Lender claiming additional amounts under this Section 2.09(a) agrees to use reasonable efforts (consistent with its
internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to designate a different Applicable Lending Office or to assign its rights and
obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if the making of such a designation or assignment would avoid
the need for, or reduce the amount of, such increased cost that may thereafter accrue and would not, in the reasonable judgment of such
Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Borrower
by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(b)If
any Lender determines that (i) the introduction of or any change in, or in the interpretation or application of, any law or regulation
or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having
the force of law), in each case, occurring after the date of this Agreement, affects or would affect the amount of capital or liquidity
required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender and that the amount of such capital or
liquidity is increased by or based upon the existence of such Lenders commitment to lend and other commitments of such type; then,
upon demand by such Lender or such corporation (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to
compensate such Lender in the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital
or liquidity to be allocable to the existence of such Lenders commitment to lend. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to
the Borrower by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

39

(c)If,
with respect to any (x) Adjusted Term SOFR Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that Adjusted Term SOFR
for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their
Adjusted Term SOFR Advances for such Interest Period, or (y) Adjusted DSS Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Administrative
Agent that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their Adjusted
DSS Advances, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon (i) each such Adjusted
Term SOFR Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, or Adjusted DSS Advance on
the next U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the
Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances, as applicable, shall be suspended
until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower that such Lenders have determined that the circumstances causing such suspension
no longer exist.

(d)Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if, after the date of this Agreement, (i) the introduction of or any change in, or in the
interpretation or application of, any law or regulation shall make it unlawful or (ii) any central bank or other Governmental Authority
shall assert that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Applicable Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Adjusted
Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances or to continue to fund or maintain Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances hereunder;
then, on notice thereof and demand therefor by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (A) each Adjusted Term
SOFR Advance or Adjusted DSS Advance, as applicable, will automatically, upon such demand, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (B) the
obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Adjusted Term SOFR Advances and Adjusted DSS Advances shall be suspended
until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower that such Lender has determined that the circumstances causing such suspension
no longer exist; provided, however, that, before making any such demand, such Lender agrees to use reasonable efforts (consistent
with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to designate a different Applicable Lending Office if the making of such
a designation would allow such Lender or its Applicable Lending Office to continue to perform its obligations to make Adjusted Term SOFR
Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances or to continue to fund or maintain Adjusted Term SOFR Advances or Adjusted DSS Advances and would not,
in the judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.

SECTION 2.10.Payments
and Computations.

(a)The
Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under the Notes, irrespective of any right of counterclaim or set off (except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.12), not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the day when due in Dollars to the Administrative Agent
at the Administrative Agents Account in same day funds, with payments being received by the Administrative Agent after such time
being deemed, at the election of the Administrative Agent, to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day. The Administrative
Agent shall promptly thereafter cause like funds to be distributed (i) if such payment by the Borrower is in respect of principal,
interest, commitment fees or any other Obligation then payable hereunder and under the Notes to more than one Lender, to such Lenders
for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices ratably in accordance with the amounts of such respective Obligations
then payable to such Lenders and (ii) if such payment by the Borrower is in respect of any Obligation then payable hereunder to
one Lender, to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement. Upon any Acceding Lender becoming a Lender hereunder as a result of a Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.16
and upon the Administrative Agents receipt of such Lenders Accession Agreement and recording of information contained therein
in the Register, from and after the applicable Increase Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under any
Notes issued in connection therewith in respect of the interest assumed thereby to such Acceding Lender. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment
and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to Section 10.07(d), from and after the
effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under the Notes in respect
of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all
appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.

40

(b)The
Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender and each of its Affiliates, if and to the extent payment owed to such Lender is not made when
due hereunder or, in the case of a Lender, under the Note held by such Lender, to charge from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, against any or all of the Borrowers accounts with such Lender any amount so due.

(c)All
computations of interest based on Citibanks base rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of
365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Daily Simple SOFR or
the Federal Funds Rate and of fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days, in each case
for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such
interest, fees or commissions are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate, fee or commission hereunder
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(d)Whenever
any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding
Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or commitment fee,
as the case may be; provided, however, that if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Adjusted
Term SOFR Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.

(e)Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to any Lender hereunder
that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment in
full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed
to each such Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent the Borrower shall not
have so made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on
demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed
to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

(f)Whenever
any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full
all amounts due and payable to the Agents and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on any date,
such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Agents and the Lenders in the following order of priority:

(i)first,
to the payment of all of the fees, indemnification payments, costs and expenses that are due and payable to the Agents (solely in their
respective capacities as Agents) under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on such date, ratably based upon
the respective aggregate amounts of all such fees, indemnification payments, costs and expenses owing to the Agents on such date;

41

(ii)second,
to the payment of all of the indemnification payments, costs and expenses that are due and payable to the Lenders under Section 10.04,
Section 20 of the Security Agreement and any similar section of any of the other Loan Documents on such date, ratably based upon
the respective aggregate amounts of all such indemnification payments, costs and expenses owing to the Lenders on such date;

(iii)third,
to the payment of all of the amounts that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under Sections 2.09 and
2.11 on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts thereof owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on such
date;

(iv)fourth,
to the payment of all of the fees that are due and payable to the Lenders under Section 2.07(c) on such date, ratably based
upon the respective aggregate Commitments of the Lenders under the Facilities on such date;

(v)fifth,
to the payment of all of the accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations of the Borrower under or in respect of the Loan Documents
that is due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under Section 2.06(b) on such date, ratably based upon
the respective aggregate amounts of all such interest owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on such date;

(vi)sixth,
to the payment of all of the accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances that is due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders under Section 2.06(a) on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such interest owing
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on such date;

(vii)seventh,
to the payment of any other accrued and unpaid interest comprising Obligations of the Loan Parties owing under or in respect of the Loan
Documents that is due and payable on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such interest owing to the
respective obligees thereof on such date; and

(viii)eighth,
to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties owing under or in respect of the Loan Documents that are due and payable
to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such
Obligations owing to the respective obligees thereof on such date.

SECTION 2.11.Taxes.

(a)Any
and all payments by or on account of any Obligation of any Loan Party or any Agent hereunder or under any Loan Document shall be made,
in accordance with Section 2.10 or the applicable provisions of such other Loan Document, if any, without deduction or withholding
for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable
Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable
Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, and if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by
the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions
and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum
it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

42

(b)Each
Loan Party shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative
Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c)Without
duplication of Sections 2.11(a) or 2.11(b), the Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient for the full amount of Indemnified
Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.11) payable or
paid by such Recipient, or required to be deducted or withheld from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom
or with respect thereto, except for any Taxes attributable to a Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07
relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted
by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Loan Parties by
a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by an Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. This indemnification shall be made within ten days from the date such Lender or such Agent (as the case may be)
makes written demand therefor.

(d)Each
Lender shall severally indemnify the Agents, within ten days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable
to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Agents for such Indemnified Taxes and without
limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with
the provisions of Section 10.07 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable
to such Lender, in each case that are payable or paid by the Agents in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses
arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by an Agent shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes each Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under
any Loan Document or otherwise payable by such Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to such Agent under
this Section 2.11(d).

(e)As
soon as practicable after, but in any case within 30 days after, the date of any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental
Authority pursuant to this Section 2.11, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in
Section 10.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy
of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. In the case
of any payment hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by or on behalf of a Loan Party through an account or branch outside the United
States or by or on behalf of a Loan Party by a payor that is not a U.S. Person, if such Loan Party determines that no Taxes are payable
in respect thereof, such Loan Party shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Administrative Agent, at such address,
an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes. For purposes of subsections (e) and
(g) of this Section 2.11, the term United States shall have the meaning specified in Section 7701(a)(9) of
the Internal Revenue Code.

(f)Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Taxes with respect to payments made under any Loan Document
shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit
such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by any applicable law or reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such
Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding
two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.11(g)(i),
(ii) and (iv)) shall not be required if in the applicable Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission
would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position
of such Lender.

43

(g)Without
limiting the generality of Section 2.11(f),

(i)each
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, on or about the date of its execution and delivery
of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender, and on the date of the Assignment and Acceptance or Accession Agreement pursuant
to which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time thereafter as reasonably requested in writing by
the Borrower (but only so long thereafter as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
with executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding
tax;

(ii)each
Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so,
on or about the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender, and on the date of the Assignment
and Acceptance or Accession Agreement pursuant to which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time thereafter
as reasonably requested in writing by the Borrower (but only so long thereafter as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), provide
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with whichever of the following is applicable:

(A)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United Sates is a party, (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable,
establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such
tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business
profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(B)executed
originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI;

(C)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal
Revenue Code (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 hereto to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not
(A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, (B) a 10
percent shareholder of any Loan Party within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or (C) a
controlled foreign corporation related to any Loan Party described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue
Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or

(D)to
the extent that the Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, accompanied
by Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form
of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and/or other certification documents from each beneficial
owner, as applicable; provided, however, that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect
partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

44

(iii)any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any
other form prescribed by any applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly
completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by any applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(iv)if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed
by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to
comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA
or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for the purposes of this subsection (g), FATCA
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(v)Each
Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it
shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability
to do so.

(h)If
any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has received
an indemnification payment pursuant to this Section 2.11 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.11),
it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with
respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without
interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party,
upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (h) (plus
any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is
required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (h), in no
event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection (h) if such
payment would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if
the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any indemnified
party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying
party or any other Person. No party shall have any obligation to pursue, or any right to assert, any refund of Indemnified Taxes that
may be paid by another party.

(i)For
any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the Borrower with the appropriate form or other document described in
subsection (f) or subsection (g) above (other than if such failure is due to a change in law, or in the interpretation
or application thereof, occurring after the date on which a form or other document originally was required to be provided or if such
form or other document otherwise is not required under subsection (f) or subsection (g) above), such Lender shall not
be entitled to indemnification under subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11 with respect to Taxes imposed by
the United States by reason of such failure; provided, however, that should a Lender become subject to Taxes because of
its failure to deliver a form or other document required hereunder, the Loan Parties shall take such steps as such Lender shall reasonably
request to assist such Lender to recover such Taxes.

45

(j)Any
Lender claiming any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.11 agrees to use reasonable efforts (consistent with its
internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to change the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office if the making of such
a change would avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, any such additional amounts that may thereafter accrue and would not, in
the reasonable judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.

(k)In
the event that an additional payment is made under Section 2.11(a) or (c) for the account of any Lender and such Lender,
in its sole discretion, determines that it has finally and irrevocably received or been granted a credit against or release or remission
for, or repayment of, any tax paid or payable by it in respect of or calculated with reference to the deduction or withholding giving
rise to such payment, such Lender shall, to the extent that it determines that it can do so without prejudice to the retention of the
amount of such credit, relief, remission or repayment, pay to the applicable Loan Party such amount as such Lender shall, in its sole
discretion, have determined to be attributable to such deduction or withholding and which will leave such Lender (after such payment)
in no worse position than it would have been in if the applicable Loan Party had not been required to make such deduction or withholding.
Nothing herein contained shall interfere with the right of a Lender to arrange its tax affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit nor oblige
any Lender to claim any tax credit or to disclose any information relating to its affairs or any computations in respect thereof, and
no Loan Party shall be entitled to review the tax records of any Lender or the Administrative Agent, or require any Lender to do anything
that would prejudice its ability to benefit from any other credits, reliefs, remissions or repayments to which it may be entitled.

(l)Without
prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, the agreements and obligations
under this Section 2.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of any Agent, the assignment of rights by, or the replacement
of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder
and under any of the other Loan Documents.

SECTION 2.12.Sharing
of Payments, Etc. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(f), if any Lender shall obtain at any time any payment (whether
voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise, other than as a result of an assignment pursuant
to Section 10.07) (a) on account of Obligations due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the Notes at such time in
excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at
such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the Notes at such time)
of payments on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the Notes at such time obtained by all the
Lenders at such time or (b) on account of Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the Notes
at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing to such Lender
at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under
the Notes at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under
the Notes at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such
interests or participating interests in the Obligations due and payable or owing to them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to
cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any
portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each other Lender shall be rescinded
and such other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such Lenders ratable share (according
to the proportion of (i) the purchase price paid to such Lender to (ii) the aggregate purchase price paid to all Lenders) of
such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lenders ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount
of such other Lenders required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest
or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. The Borrower agrees that any Lender
so purchasing an interest or participating interest from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.12 may, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such interest or participating
interest, as the case may be, as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such interest or participating
interest, as the case may be.

46

SECTION 2.13.Use
of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Advances shall be available (and the Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) solely for
(i) general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (ii) the payment of fees and expenses related to the Facilities
and the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and (iii) any other purpose not prohibited by applicable law or the
Loan Documents. The Borrower will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Advances, or lend, contribute or otherwise make
available to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person such extensions of credit or proceeds, (A) to fund any activities
or businesses of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of, or targeted
by, Sanctions and where such activities or businesses are in violation of such Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that would
result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Facility, whether as Administrative Agent,
Arranger, Lender, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise) or any Anti-Corruption Laws.

SECTION 2.14.Evidence
of Debt.

(a)Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such
Lender resulting from each Advance owing to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and
paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. The Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy of such
notice to the Administrative Agent) to the effect that a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness is required or appropriate
in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be made
by, such Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, a Note, in
substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount equal to the Commitment of
such Lender. All references to Notes in the Loan Documents shall mean Notes, if any, to the extent issued hereunder. To the extent no
Note has been issued to a Lender, this Agreement shall be deemed to comprise conclusive evidence for all purposes of the indebtedness
resulting from the Advances and extensions of credit hereunder.

(b)The
Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d) shall include a control account, and a subsidiary
account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder,
the Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each
Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become
due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder, and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent
from the Borrower hereunder and each Lenders share thereof.

(c)Entries
made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection (b) above, and by each Lender in its
account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above, shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest
due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such
account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent manifest error; provided, however, that (i) in the event of
a conflict between the Register and a Lenders record, the Register shall control, and (ii) the failure of the Administrative
Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not
limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.

47

SECTION 2.15.Extension
of Termination Date. At least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior to the Termination Date, the Borrower, by written
notice to the Administrative Agent, may request, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, with respect to the Commitments then
outstanding, a single one-year extension of the Termination Date. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such
request and the Termination Date in effect at such time shall, effective as of the Extension Date (as defined below), be extended for
an additional one year period, provided that, on the Extension Date the Administrative Agent shall have received (a) payment
in full of the Extension Fee set forth in Section 2.07(c) and (b) such certificates or other information as may be customarily
required for such an extension and generally consistent with those provided on the Effective Date. Extension Date
means the first date after the delivery by the Borrower of the extension notice described above that the conditions set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence are satisfied. In the event that an extension is effected pursuant to this Section 2.15 (but subject
to provisions of Sections 2.04, 2.05 and 6.01), the aggregate principal amount of all Advances shall be repaid in full ratably to
the Lenders on the Termination Date as so extended. As of the Extension Date, any and all references in this Agreement, the Notes, if
any, or any of the other Loan Documents to the Termination Date shall refer to the Termination Date as so extended.

SECTION 2.16.Increase
in the Aggregate Commitments.

(a)The
Borrower may, at any time, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, request an increase in the aggregate amount of the Commitments
by not less than $5,000,000 (each such proposed increase, a Commitment Increase) to be effective as of a date that
is at least 30 days prior to the scheduled Termination Date then in effect (the Increase Date) as specified in the
related notice to the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that (i) in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Commitments
at any time exceed $150,000,000, (ii) in no event shall the Borrower submit more than four separate requests for a Commitment Increase
hereunder, and (iii) on the date of any request by the Borrower for a Commitment Increase and on the related Increase Date, the
applicable conditions set forth in 3.02 shall be satisfied.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders (and any potential Acceding Lender of which Administrative Agent has been made
aware by Borrower) of each request by the Borrower for a Commitment Increase, which notice shall include (i) the proposed amount
of such requested Commitment Increase, (ii) the proposed Increase Date and (iii) the date by which Lenders and any potential
Acceding Lender wishing to participate in the Commitment Increase must commit to an increase in the amount of their respective Commitments
(the Commitment Date). Each Lender and potential Acceding Lender that is willing to participate in such requested
Commitment Increase (each, an Increasing Lender) shall, in its sole discretion, give written notice to the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the Commitment Date of the amount by which it is willing to increase its Commitment (the Proposed
Increased Commitment). If the Increasing Lenders and potential Acceding Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that they
are willing to increase or establish the amount of their respective Commitments by an aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of the
requested Commitment Increase, the requested Commitment Increase shall be allocated by Borrower to each willing Increasing Lender and
potential Acceding Lender that Borrower selects to participate therein in an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.
In no event, however, shall any Lender be required to participate in a Commitment Increase.

(c)Promptly
following each Commitment Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower as to the amount, if any, by which the Lenders and
potential Acceding Lenders are willing to participate in the requested Commitment Increase.

48

(d)On
each Increase Date, (x) each Eligible Assignee (other than a Lender) that accepts an offer to participate in a requested Commitment
Increase in accordance with Section 2.16(c) (an Acceding Lender) shall become a Lender party to
this Agreement as of such Increase Date and such Acceding Lenders Commitment shall be governed by the terms and provisions of
this Agreement and (y) the Commitment of each Increasing Lender for such requested Commitment Increase shall be so increased by
such amount (or by the amount allocated to such Lender pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.16(b)) as of such Increase
Date; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall have received at or before 12:00 Noon (New York City time)
on such Increase Date the following, each dated such date:

(i)an
accession agreement from each Acceding Lender, if any, in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
(each, an Accession Agreement), duly executed by such Acceding Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower;

(ii)confirmation
from each Increasing Lender of the increase in the amount of its Commitment in a writing satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, together with an amended Schedule I hereto as may be necessary for such Schedule I to be accurate and complete; and

(iii)such
certificates or other information as may be required pursuant to Section 3.02.

On each Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the
conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 2.16(d), the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders
(including, without limitation, each Acceding Lender) and the Borrower, at or before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time), by posting
such notice on an Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with Section 10.02(c), of the occurrence of the Commitment Increase
to be effected on such Increase Date and shall record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each Increasing Lender
and each Acceding Lender on such date.

(e)On
the Increase Date, to the extent the Advances then outstanding and owed to any Lender immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Commitment
Increase shall be less than such Lenders Pro Rata Share (calculated immediately following the effectiveness of the Commitment
Increase) of all Advances then outstanding and owed to all Lenders (each such Lender, including any Acceding Lender, a Purchasing
Lender), then such Purchasing Lender, without executing an Assignment and Acceptance, shall be deemed to have purchased
an assignment of a pro rata portion of the Advances then outstanding and owed to each Lender that is not a Purchasing Lender (a
Selling Lender) in an amount sufficient such that following the effectiveness of all such assignments the
Advances outstanding and owed to each Lender shall equal such Lenders Pro Rata Share (calculated immediately following the effectiveness
of the Commitment Increase on the Increase Date) of all Advances then outstanding and owed to all Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall
calculate the net amount to be paid by each Purchasing Lender and received by each Selling Lender in connection with the assignments
effected hereunder on the Increase Date. Each Purchasing Lender shall make the amount of its required payment available to the Administrative
Agent, in same day funds, at the office of the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 P.M. (New York time) on the Increase
Date. The Administrative Agent shall distribute on the Increase Date the proceeds of such amount to each of the Selling Lenders entitled
to receive such payments at its Applicable Lending Office. If in connection with the transactions described in this Section 2.16
any Lender shall incur any losses, costs or expenses of the type described in Section 10.04(c), then the Borrower shall, upon demand
by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender
any amounts required to compensate such Lender for such losses, costs or expenses reasonably incurred unless such Lender waives payment
of such amounts in its discretion.

SECTION 2.17.Defaulting
Lenders.

(a)Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if at any time the Required Lenders determine that the Person serving as an Agent is (without
taking into account any provision in the definition of Defaulting Lender requiring notice from the Administrative Agent or any other
party) a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders (determined after giving
effect to Section 10.01) may by notice to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as an Agent and replace such Agent in
accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06.

49

(b)The
Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of a Defaulting Lender upon not less than 30 days prior notice
to the Administrative Agent (which will promptly notify the Lenders thereof); provided that such termination will not be deemed
to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender.

(c)If
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, agree in writing, in their discretion, that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the
Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any
conditions set forth therein, such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par such portion of outstanding Advances of the
other Lenders and/or make such other adjustments as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the sum of the aggregate
principal amount of all outstanding Advances of the Lenders to be on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective Commitments,
whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender (and such exposure of each Lender will
automatically be adjusted on a prospective basis to reflect the foregoing); provided, however, that no adjustments will
be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting
Lender; and provided further that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder
from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from
such Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

SECTION 2.18.Replacement
of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.09, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amounts
to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.11 and, in each case, such Lender
has declined or is unable to designate a different Applicable Lending Office, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting
Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such
Lender (a Departing Lender) to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the
restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.01(b) and Section 10.07, in each case except to the extent
provided in this Section 2.18), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.09
or Section 2.11) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to a Replacement Lender that shall assume such
obligations (which may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that:

(a)the
Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.07;

(b)such
Departing Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon,
accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the applicable Replacement Lender
(to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);

(c)in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.09 or payments required to be made pursuant
to Section 2.11, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;

(d)such
assignment does not conflict with applicable law; and

50

(e)in
the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable Replacement Lender shall have consented
to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.

A Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower
to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Departing Lender required to make an assignment pursuant to this Section 2.18
shall promptly execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance with the applicable Replacement Lender. If such Departing Lender does
not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance and/or any other documentation necessary
to reflect such replacement within a period of time deemed reasonable by the Administrative Agent after the date on which the Departing
Lender receives all payments described in clause (b) of this Section 2.18, then such Departing Lender shall be deemed
to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation as of such date, and the Borrower shall
be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation on behalf of such
Departing Lender. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.18 to the contrary, the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent
may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06.

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS OF Closing and LENDING

SECTION 3.01.Conditions
Precedent to Effective Date. The Effective Date of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent
before or concurrently with the Effective Date:

(a)The
Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the day of the initial Borrowing the following, each dated such day (unless
otherwise specified), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (unless otherwise specified) and (except for the
Notes, as to which one original of each shall be sufficient) in sufficient copies for each Lender:

(i)A
Note duly executed by the Borrower and payable to the order of each Lender that has requested the same.

(ii)This
Agreement, the Security Agreement, and the Deposit Account Control Agreements, in each case, duly executed by the Loan Parties party
hereto or thereto and the other parties hereto and thereto, as applicable, together with:

(A)acknowledgment
copies of proper financing statements, duly filed on or before the day of the initial Borrowing under the Uniform Commercial Code
of all jurisdictions that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect and protect the first priority
liens and security interests created under the Collateral Documents, covering the Collateral described therein,

(B)completed
requests for information dated a recent date, including UCC, judgment, tax, litigation and bankruptcy searches with respect to each applicable
Loan Party, and, in the case of UCC searches, listing all effective financing statements filed in the jurisdictions specified by the
Administrative Agent that name any Loan Party as debtor, together with copies of such financing statements,

51

(C)evidence
of the completion of all other recordings and filings of or with respect to the Security Agreement that the Administrative Agent may
deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect and protect the Liens created thereby,

(D)certified
copies of the Assigned Agreements referred to in the Security Agreement (which shall include, without limitation, the Management
Contracts (other than the Excluded Management Contracts) and all amendments thereto entered into on or before the Closing Date), together
with a consent to such assignment from each party to such Assigned Agreements that is a Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Loan Party (other
than the Loan Parties), in substantially the form of Exhibit C to the Security Agreement or otherwise in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent,

(E)certificated
Equity Interests in each direct and indirect Subsidiary that owns or leases any Collateral and stock powers and membership interest powers
(as the case may be) with respect thereto executed in blank, all in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and

(F)evidence
that all other actions that the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect
and protect the first priority liens and security interests created under the Security Agreement have been taken (including, without
limitation, receipt of duly executed payoff letters, UCC termination statements, consents and confirmations).

(iii)Intentionally
Omitted.

(iv)Certified
copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor on its behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party for which
it is the ultimate signatory approving the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and each Loan Document to which it or such
Loan Party is or is to be a party, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate or other organizational action and governmental
and other third party approvals and consents, if any, with respect to the transactions under the Loan Documents and each Loan Document
to which it or such Loan Party is or is to be a party.

(v)A
copy of a certificate of the Secretary of State (or equivalent authority) of the jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation
of each Loan Party and of each general partner or managing member (if any) of each Loan Party, dated reasonably near the Closing Date,
certifying, if and to the extent such certification is generally available for entities of the type of such Loan Party, (A) as to
a correct and complete copy of the charter, certificate of limited partnership, limited liability company agreement or other organizational
document of such Loan Party, general partner or managing member, as the case may be, and each amendment thereto on file in such Secretarys
office, (B) that (1) such amendments are the only amendments to the charter, certificate of limited partnership, limited liability
company agreement or other organizational document, as applicable, of such Loan Party, general partner or managing member, as the case
may be, on file in such Secretarys office, (2) such Loan Party, general partner or managing member, as the case may be, has
paid all franchise taxes to the date of such certificate and (C) such Loan Party, general partner or managing member, as the case
may be, is duly incorporated, organized or formed and in good standing or presently subsisting under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation, organization or formation.

(vi)Intentionally
omitted.

52

(vii)A
customary certificate of the Borrower, signed on behalf of the Borrower, by a Responsible Officer, dated the Effective Date (the statements
made in which certificate shall be true on and as of the Effective Date), certifying as to (A) the accuracy in all material respects
of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents (unless qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as though made on and as of the Effective
Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties
shall be true and correct in all material respects or all respects, as applicable, on or as of such earlier date) and (B) the absence
of any event occurring and continuing, or resulting from the Effective Date, that constitutes a Default.

(viii)A
certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party (or Responsible Officer of its managing member, if applicable)
certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Loan Party, authorized to sign each Loan Document to which it is or
is to be a party and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.

(ix)Such
financial, business and other information regarding each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as the Lenders shall have requested, including,
without limitation, information as to possible contingent liabilities, tax matters, environmental matters, historical operating statements
(if any), audited annual financial statements for the year ending September 30, 2024, interim financial statements dated the
end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements are available (or, in the event the Lenders due diligence
review reveals material changes since such financial statements, as of a later date within 45 days of the day of the initial
Borrowing) and financial projections for the Parent Guarantors consolidated operations.

(x)Evidence
of insurance (which may consist of binders or certificates of insurance) obtained in compliance with Section 5.01(d).

(xi)An
opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, special New York counsel for the Loan Parties, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

(xii)An
opinion of Duane Morris LLP, special Maryland counsel for the Loan Parties, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent.

(xiii)Intentionally
Omitted.

(xiv)(A) 
The documentation and other information reasonably requested by any Lender at least ten Business Days prior to the Closing Date in connection
with applicable know your customer and Anti-Corruption Laws, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Lender and (B) if the Borrower qualifies
as a legal entity customer within the meaning of the Beneficial Owner Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification
for the Borrower; in each case delivered at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date.

(b)All
governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents
shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable to the Lenders) and shall remain in effect,
and no law or regulation shall be applicable in the reasonable judgment of the Lenders that restrains, prevents or imposes materially
adverse conditions upon the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.

53

(c)The
Borrower shall have paid all accrued fees of the Agents and the Lenders and all reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses of the Agents required
to be paid by the Borrower at or prior to the Effective Date (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative
Agent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date).

(d)Notwithstanding
anything else in this Section 3.1 to the contrary, with respect to each Securities Account that constitutes part of the Collateral
for the Loan, the Borrower shall have 90 days from the Effective Date to (I) enter into a Securities Account Control Agreement with
the Collateral Agent and a securities intermediary in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and (II) otherwise
satisfy the Perfection Requirements related thereto.

SECTION 3.02.Conditions
Precedent to Each Borrowing Extension and Increase. The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing
(including the initial Borrowing) and the right of the Borrower to request the extension of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.15
or a Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.16 shall be subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3.01
(to the extent not previously satisfied pursuant to that Section) and such further conditions precedent that on the date of such Borrowing,
such Extension Date or such Increase Date, (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received for the account of such Lender, a Notice
of Borrowing, notice requesting an extension of the Termination Date or notice requesting a Commitment Increase, as applicable, and (b) the
following statements shall be true and the Administrative Agent shall have received for the account of such Lender (to the extent not
previously included in an applicable Notice of Borrowing) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated the date
of such Borrowing, such Extension Date or such Increase Date, stating that:

(i)the
representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document are correct and complete in all material respects (unless qualified as
to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects)
on and as of such date (except with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.01(n)(i) and (iii), which
representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of the date that each applicable schedule was last required to be updated
by the terms hereof) and, before and after giving effect to (1) such Borrowing, extension or Commitment Increase, and (2) in
the case of any Borrowing, the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that
such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been
true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date));

(ii)no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from (1) such Borrowing, extension or Commitment Increase,
or (2) in the case of any Borrowing, from the application of the proceeds therefrom; and

(iii)for
each such Advance, extension or Commitment Increase, before and after giving effect to such Advance, extension or Commitment Increase,
the Parent Guarantor shall be in compliance with the covenants contained in Section 5.04, together with supporting information in
form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent showing the computations used in determining compliance with such covenants;

SECTION 3.03.Determinations
Under Section 3.02. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 3.02, each Lender shall
be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be
consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for
the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the applicable Borrowing, extension
or increase specifying its objection thereto and, in the case of a Borrowing, such Lender shall not have made available to the Administrative
Agent such Lenders ratable portion of such Borrowing.

54

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01.Representations
and Warranties of the Loan Parties. Each Loan Party represents and warrants as follows:

(a)Organization
and Powers; Qualifications and Good Standing. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is a corporation, limited liability
company or partnership duly incorporated, organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its incorporation, organization or formation, except, in the case of a Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party), where the failure to
do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a
foreign corporation, limited liability company or partnership in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which
the conduct of its business requires it to so qualify or be licensed except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite corporate, limited liability company,
partnership or other organizational power and authority (including, without limitation, all governmental licenses, permits and other
approvals) to own or lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted,
except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All of the outstanding Equity
Interests in the Borrower have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable. The Parent Guarantor directly or indirectly owns
not less than 51% of the Equity Interests in the Borrower. All Equity Interests in the Borrower that are directly or indirectly owned
by the Parent Guarantor are owned free and clear of all Liens (except for those arising by operation of law).

(b)Intentionally
Omitted.

(c)Due
Authorization; No Conflict. The Transactions and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are within
the corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other organizational powers of each Loan Party have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other organizational action, and do not (i) contravene the charter
or bylaws, operating agreement, partnership agreement or other governing document of such Loan Party, (ii) violate any law, rule,
regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award, to the extent the violation of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (iii) conflict with or result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any payment to be made under,
any Material Contract, loan agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other instrument binding on or affecting any Loan
Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties, except to the extent the same would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect or (iv) except for the Liens created under the Loan Documents, result in or require the creation or imposition
of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d)Authorization
and Consents. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or regulatory
body or any other third party is required for (i) the due execution and delivery of, or performance by, any Loan Party of any Loan
Document to which it is a party or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, (ii) the grant by
any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (iii) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens
created under the Collateral Documents (including the first priority nature thereof) or (iv) the exercise by any Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents,
except in the case of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), for (x) the Perfection Requirements and (y) authorizations,
approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect.

55

(e)Binding
Obligation. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered
by each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid
and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (ii) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(f)Litigation.
There is no action, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including any Environmental
Action, pending or threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) would reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the consummation
of the Transactions.

(g)Financial
Condition. The Parent Guarantor has heretofore furnished the Annual Financial Statements and the Quarterly Financial Statements.
Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of
the Loan Parties and their Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the Quarterly Financial Statements. Since September 30, 2024,
there has been no Material Adverse Change.

(h)Full
Disclosure. None of the written information (excluding the projections and pro forma information referred to below) furnished by
or on behalf of the Loan Parties to the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or
delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, contains any untrue
statement of material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not materially misleading provided that, with respect to projections and pro forma financial
information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed to be
reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed
as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such information may differ from the projected results set forth
therein by a material amount.

(i)Margin
Regulations. No Loan Party is engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock,
and no proceeds of any Advance will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying any Margin Stock.

(j)Certain
Governmental Regulations. No Loan Party is an investment company, or an affiliated person of, or promoter
or principal underwriter for, an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party: (i) is primarily engaged, directly or
through a wholly-owned subsidiary or subsidiaries, in a business or businesses other than that of (A) investing, reinvesting, owning,
holding or trading in securities or (B) issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type; (ii) is not engaged in, does
not propose to engage in and does not hold itself out as being engaged in the business of (A) investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading in securities or (B) issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type; (iii) does not own or propose to
acquire investment securities (as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended) having a value exceeding forty percent (40%)
of the value of such companys total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis; (iv) has
not in the past been engaged in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type; and (v) does not have
any outstanding face-amount certificates of the installment type. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the application of the proceeds
or repayment thereof by the Borrower, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate
any provision of any such Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.

56

(k)Materially
Adverse Agreements. No Loan Party nor any Subsidiary of any Loan Party is a party to any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any
lease or other agreement or instrument or subject to any charter, corporate, partnership, membership or other governing restriction that
would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (absent a material default under a Material Contract).

(l)Taxes.
The Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries have filed all Tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all Taxes due pursuant
to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries except (i) such Taxes,
if any, that are subject to a Good Faith Contest and (ii) with respect to the Subsidiaries, to the extent the failure to so file
any such returns or to pay any such Taxes would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date,
no Tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any Taxes. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books
of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in respect of any Taxes, are adequate.

(m)Perfection
and Priority of Security Interests. To the extent required by the Collateral Documents and subject to the Perfection Requirements
and Section 3.01(d), all filings and other actions necessary to perfect and protect the security interest in the Collateral created
under the Collateral Documents have been duly made or taken and are in full force and effect, and the Collateral Documents create in
favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a valid and, together with such filings and other actions, perfected
first priority security interest in the Collateral, securing the payment of the Secured Obligations, and all filings and other actions
necessary or desirable to perfect and protect such security interest have been duly taken. The Loan Parties are the legal and beneficial
owners of the Collateral free and clear of any Lien, except for Permitted Liens.

(n)Management
Contracts; Investment Assets.

(i)Set
forth on Part I of Schedule III hereto (as the same is supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time in accordance with the
Loan Documents) is a complete and accurate list of all Management Contracts (other than Excluded Management Contracts). As of the applicable
date, each Management Contract (other than Excluded Management Contracts) is in full force and effect and free and clear of all Liens,
other than Permitted Liens. Set forth on Part II of Schedule III is a complete and accurate list of all Excluded Management Contracts
(as the same is supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time in accordance with the Loan Documents).

(ii)No
default, event of default or, to Borrowers knowledge, any event, which with the passage of time, the giving of notice or any other
condition, would constitute a default or an event of default, has occurred under any Management Contract (other than an Excluded Management
Contract) that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii)Set
forth on Part I of Schedule II hereto (as the same is supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time in accordance with
the Loan Documents) is a complete and accurate list of all Scheduled Investment Assets (other than Excluded Investment Assets). As of
the applicable date, each Loan Party that owns any such Investment Asset has good and sufficient title to such Investment Asset, free
and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens.

57

(o)Environmental
Matters. The operations and properties of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries comply with all applicable Environmental Laws
and Environmental Permits, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)Compliance
with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with the requirements of all laws, rules and regulations (including,
without limitation, the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder, state
securities law and Blue Sky laws) applicable to it and its business, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)Intentionally
Omitted.

(r)Loan
Parties Credit Decisions. Each Loan Party has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into
this Agreement (and in the case of the Guarantors, to give the guaranty under this Agreement) and each other Loan Document to which it
is or is to be a party, and each Loan Party has established adequate means of obtaining from each other Loan Party on a continuing basis
information pertaining to, and is now and on a continuing basis will be completely familiar with, the business, condition (financial
or otherwise), operations, performance, properties and prospects of such other Loan Party.

(s)Solvency.
The Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.

(t)ERISA
Matters.

(i)No
ERISA Event has occurred within the preceding five plan years or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Plan that has
resulted in or is reasonably expected to result in a material liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate.

(ii)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations
under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of The Financial Accounting Board Accounting Standards Notification Topic
715) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets
of such Plan.

(iii)No
Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization
or has been terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, and no such Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected to be in
reorganization or to be terminated within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.

(iv)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is reasonably
expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer Plan.

58

(u)Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(i)None
of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries or, to their knowledge, any director, officer, employee, agent or Affiliate
thereof, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are: (A) the subject of, or targeted by, any sanctions administered
or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the United
Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of, or targeted by,
Sanctions.

(ii)Each
Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of each such Loan Party, the
agents of such Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws in all material
respects. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain (or have instituted and maintained on their behalf) policies
and procedures reasonably designed to achieve continued compliance therewith.

(v)Intellectual
Property. Except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect:

(i)The
Parent Guarantor and each of its Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use, under valid license agreements or otherwise, all material
patents, licenses, franchises, service marks, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, trade secrets and copyrights
(collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted
and as contemplated by the Loan Documents, without known conflict with any patent, license, franchise, trademark, trade secret, trade
name, copyright, or other proprietary right of any other Person;

(ii)The
Parent Guarantor and each of its Subsidiaries have taken all such steps as they deem reasonably necessary to protect their respective
rights under and with respect to such Intellectual Property;

(iii)No
claim has been asserted by any Person with respect to the use of any Intellectual Property by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries,
or challenging or questioning the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property;

(iv)The
use of such Intellectual Property by the Parent Guarantor and each of its Subsidiaries does not infringe on the rights of any Person,
subject to such claims and infringements as do not, in the aggregate, give rise to any material liabilities on the part of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries; and

(v)To
the best knowledge of the Borrower and Parent Guarantor, there has been no unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification, corruption
or malfunction of any information technology assets or systems (or any information or transactions stored or contained therein or transmitted
thereby) owned or used by the Borrower of any of its Subsidiaries.

(w)Affected
Financial Institution. No Loan Party nor any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, as applicable, is an Affected Financial Institution.

(x)Beneficial
Ownership. The Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with any applicable requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
The information included in the most recent Beneficial Ownership Certification, if any, delivered by the Borrower is true and correct
in all material respects.

59

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES

SECTION 5.01.Affirmative
Covenants. Until the Date of Full Satisfaction, each Loan Party will:

(a)Compliance
with Laws, Etc. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects, with all applicable Requirements
of Law, including, without limitation, compliance with ERISA, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Chapter of the Organized
Crime Control Act of 1970, and all applicable Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(b)Payment
of Taxes, Etc. Pay and discharge, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent,
(i) all Taxes imposed upon it and (ii) all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might by law become a Lien upon the Collateral; provided,
however, that neither the Loan Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such Tax or claim
that is the subject of a Good Faith Contest, unless and until any Lien resulting therefrom attaches to the Collateral and becomes enforceable
against its other creditors.

(c)Intentionally
Omitted.

(d)Maintenance
of Insurance. Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies
or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar
properties in the same general areas in which such Loan Party or such Subsidiaries operate. The Parent Guarantor and the Borrower shall
from time to time deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable written request, a reasonably detailed list stating the names
of the insurance companies, the coverages and amounts of such insurance, the dates of the expiration thereof and the properties and risks
covered thereby.

(e)Preservation
of Partnership or Corporate Existence, Etc. Preserve and maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, its
existence (corporate or otherwise), legal structure, legal name, rights (charter and statutory), permits, licenses, approvals, privileges
and franchises except, in the case of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Loan Parties only, if in the reasonable business judgment
of such Subsidiary it is in its best economic interest not to preserve and maintain such rights or franchises and such failure to preserve
and maintain such rights or franchises would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (it being understood that
the foregoing shall not prohibit, or be violated as a result of, any transactions by or involving any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof
otherwise permitted under this Agreement).

(f)Visitation
Rights. At any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable request, permit the Administrative Agent, or any agent or representatives
thereof, upon reasonable prior notice and during regular business hours, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records
and books of account of, and visit the properties (other than any residential property) of, any Loan Party and any of its Subsidiaries,
and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of any Loan Party and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their general partners, managing
members, officers or directors; provided that (i) the Administrative Agent may not be reimbursed more than once each fiscal
year in connection with its rights under this subsection if no Event of Default exists at the time thereof, and (ii) no Loan Party
nor any Subsidiary will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of,
any document, information or other matter that (A) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information,
(B) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors)
is prohibited by law or any binding agreement or (C) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney
work product in each case, pursuant to this Section 5.01(f) or any other provision in any Loan Document.

60

(g)Keeping
of Books. Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in which full and correct (in all
material respects) entries shall be made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities in order
to permit the preparation of its financial statements in accordance with GAAP.

(h)Maintenance
of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that
are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and will from
time to time make or cause to be made all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacement thereof, except, in each case of this subsection,
as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(i)Transactions
with Affiliates. Conduct, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct, all transactions otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents
with any of their Affiliates on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than it
could reasonably be expected to obtain in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate, except for (i) transactions
exclusively among or between Loan Parties and (ii) any other transaction with an Affiliate, which is approved by a majority of disinterested
members of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Parent Guarantor in good faith.

(j)Covenant
to Guarantee Obligations and Give Additional Security.

(i)If
the Borrower or any other Loan Party providing Collateral shall

(A)enter
into a new Management Contract, then the Borrower shall, (except with respect to Excluded Management Contracts), prior to or concurrently
with the delivery of the next supplement to Part I of Schedule III required pursuant Section 5.03(i), deliver to the Collateral
Agent (x) a certified copy of such Management Contract and all amendments thereto and, if requested by the Administrative Agent,
a consent to the collateral assignment to the Collateral Agent from each party to such Material Contract (other than the Loan Parties),
in substantially the form of Exhibit C to the Security Agreement or otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, and (y) a Security Agreement supplement to reflect the addition of such Management Contract to the Collateral in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; or

(B)acquire
an Investment Asset or with respect to a Deposit Account or Securities Account, open such account, then the Borrower shall (except with
respect to Excluded Investment Assets) prior to or concurrently with the delivery of the next supplement to Part I of Schedule II
required pursuant Section 5.03(i), deliver to the Collateral Agent (x) all Collateral Documents, agreements, filings, consents
and other documents deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent to assign a collateral interest in such Investment Asset to the Collateral
Agent and to perfect and protect the security interest in the Investment Asset created under the Collateral Documents, provided
that the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to any Deposit Accounts or Securities
Account Control Agreement for each Securities Account not held with the Collateral Agent (provided that the Borrower shall have
90 days from the date a Securities Account is opened (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may approve in its sole discretion)
to deliver a Securities Account Control Agreement in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement), and take all other reasonable
steps in order for the Collateral Agent to obtain control in accordance with Sections 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106, and/or 9-107 of the
UCC, as applicable, with respect to all of its Securities Accounts, Deposit Accounts (unless such Deposit Account is a zero balance
account), electronic chattel paper, investment property, and letter-of-credit rights, in each case, to the extent constituting Collateral
and (y) a Security Agreement supplement to reflect the addition of such Investment Asset to the Collateral in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

61

(ii)If
a Subsidiary of the Borrower or other Loan Party (that itself is not then a Loan Party and is not an Excluded Subsidiary) enters into
one or more new Management Contracts and/or acquires one or more Scheduled Investment Assets or with respect to a Deposit Account or
Securities Account, opens such account, and the revenue generated from any such Material Contracts and Investment Assets, together with
any Management Contracts entered into and Investment Assets acquired prior thereto or contemporaneously therewith by such Subsidiary,
in the aggregate, exceeds 5% of the total revenue for the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries determined on a Consolidated basis for
the applicable fiscal quarter, then such Subsidiary shall become a Loan Party and the Borrower shall cause such Subsidiary (if it has
not already done so), to (I) duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) a Guaranty Supplement in substantially
the form of Exhibit C hereto, guaranteeing the other Loan Parties Obligations under the Loan Documents; and (y) a Security
Agreement supplement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (II) in accordance with the terms
of the Security Agreement, if such Subsidiary is organized as a limited liability company or limited partnership to either (1) be
represented by a certificate that the issuer of such Equity Interests has elected to treat as a security within the meaning
of Article 8 of the UCC of its jurisdiction of formation or organization, as applicable, in the organizational document of such
issuer and to deliver to the Collateral Agent, 100% of the certificated Equity Interests in each such Subsidiary and each direct and
indirect parent of such Subsidiary (other than the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower and any Excluded Assets) and stock powers and membership
interest powers (as the case may be) with respect thereto executed in blank, all in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative
Agent or (2) with the prior written consent of Collateral Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), not be
represented by a certificate and cause the issuer of such Equity Interests not to have elected to treat such interests as a security
within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC; and (III) comply with the requirements set forth in clause (i) above.

(iii)If
any Loan Party enters into a Senior Financing Transaction other than (x) Non-Recourse Debt secured by a Lien on Real Property owned
in fee by a Loan Party or its Subsidiary, (y) Repo Lines and (z) and ordinary course trade payables not entered into in violation
of the terms of the Loan Documents, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower shall at
all times cause each directly or indirectly owned Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor that guarantees or is otherwise an obligor in respect
of the Obligations under any such Senior Financing Transaction to become a Guarantor by executing and delivering a counterpart of a Guaranty
Supplement to the Administrative Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto, or such other guaranty supplement in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, guaranteeing the other Loan Parties Obligations under the Loan
Documents, not later than 60 days after the date on which such Subsidiary provides the guaranty or otherwise becomes obligated in respect
of such other Senior Financing Transaction (or such later time as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree). The Obligations under
any Guaranty Supplement delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01(j)(iii) shall at all times rank senior in right of payment
to all other Senior Financing Transactions.

62

(k)Further
Assurances.

(i)Promptly
upon reasonable request by any Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, correct, and cause each Loan Party to promptly
correct, any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation
thereof; do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts,
pledge agreements, account control agreements, assignments, financing statements and continuations thereof, termination statements, notices
of assignment, transfers, certificates, assurances and other instruments as any Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent,
may reasonably require from time to time in order (A) to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (B) to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to subject any Loan Partys or any of its Subsidiaries properties, assets,
rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter required to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (C) to perfect and
maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created under
the Collateral Documents.

(l)Performance
of Material Contracts. Perform and observe, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to perform and observe, in all material aspects, all
the terms and provisions of each Material Contract (including each Management Contract) to be performed or observed by it, for so long
as such Material Contract remains in effect.

(m)Exchange
Listing. In the case of the Parent Guarantor, at all times (i) cause its common shares to be duly listed on the New York Stock
Exchange, NYSE American or NASDAQ and (ii) timely file all reports required to be filed by it in connection therewith.

(n)Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption Laws. Maintain (or have maintained on its behalf) in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote
compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption Laws.

SECTION 5.02.Negative
Covenants. Until the Date of Satisfaction, no Loan Party will, at any time:

(a)Liens,
Etc. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any
Lien on or with respect to any of its assets of any character (including, without limitation, accounts) whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, except:

(i)Liens
created under the Loan Documents;

(ii)Permitted
Liens;

(iii)purchase
money Liens upon or in equipment acquired or held by such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to
secure the purchase price and customary security deposits of such equipment or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing
the acquisition of any such equipment to be subject to such Liens, or Liens existing on any such equipment at the time of acquisition
(other than any such Liens created in contemplation of such acquisition that do not secure the purchase price), or extensions, renewals
or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount; provided, however, that no such Lien shall extend
to or cover any property other than the equipment being acquired and customary security deposits for such property, and no such extension,
renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any property not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced;
provided further that (x) the aggregate principal amount of the Debt secured by Liens permitted by this clause (iv) shall
not exceed the amount permitted under Section 5.02(b)(iv)(A) and (y) individual financings of equipment provided by one
creditor may be cross-collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such creditor or an Affiliate of such creditor;

63

(iv)Liens
arising in connection with Capitalized Leases permitted under Section 5.02(b)(iv)(B); provided that no such Lien shall extend
to or cover any Collateral or assets other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases (including customary security deposits,
if any); provided, further, that individual financings of equipment provided by one creditor may be cross-collateralized to other
financings of equipment provided by such creditor or an Affiliate of such creditor;

(v)Liens
on property of a Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, merged into or consolidated with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary
of any Loan Party or becomes a Subsidiary of any Loan Party, provided that such Liens were not created in contemplation of such
merger, consolidation or acquisition and do not extend to any assets other than those of the Person so merged into or consolidated with
such Loan Party or such Subsidiary or so acquired by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary;

(vi)Liens
securing Non-Recourse Debt permitted under Section 5.02(b)(iv)(F), provided that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any
Collateral;

(vii)Liens
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of $5,000,000 and 5.0% of EBITDA (determined at the time of incurrence of
any such Lien (calculated on a pro forma basis) as of the last day of the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
of the Parent Guarantor for which financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or
(c), or if earlier, as of the last day of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024)
at any time outstanding; and

(viii)the
replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (iii) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject
thereto in connection with any Refinancing Debt permitted under Section 5.02(b)(iii).

(b)Debt.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Debt, except:

(i)Debt
under the Loan Documents;

(ii)in
the case of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party, Debt owed to any other Loan Party or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any
Loan Party; provided that, in each case, such Debt shall be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(iii)Existing
Debt and any Refinancing Debt extending, refunding or refinancing such Existing Debt;

(iv)in
the case of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries,

(A)Debt
secured by Liens permitted by Section 5.02(a)(II)(iii) in a principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate the greater of
$5,000,000 and 5.0% of EBITDA (determined at the time of incurrence of any such Debt (calculated on a pro forma basis) as of the last
day of the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor for which financial statements are
required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or (c), or if earlier, as of the last day of the four consecutive
fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024) at any time outstanding,

64

(B)Capitalized
Leases in a principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate the greater of $5,000,000 and 5.0% of EBITDA (determined at the time of incurrence
of any such Debt (calculated on a pro forma basis) as of the last day of the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
of the Parent Guarantor for which financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or
(c), or if earlier, as of the last day of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024)
at any time outstanding, and (2) in the case of any Capitalized Lease to which any Subsidiary of a Loan Party is a party, any Contingent
Obligation of such Loan Party guaranteeing the Obligations of such Subsidiary under such Capitalized Lease,

(C)Debt
in respect of Hedge Agreements entered into by the Borrower and designed to hedge against fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange
rates incurred as required by this Agreement or incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with prudent business practices,

(D)Debt
incurred under a Repo Line, the incurrence of which would not result in a Default under Section 5.04 or any other provision of this
Agreement,

(E)Debt
incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is subordinated in right of payment to the Facility; provided that, to
the extent incurred after the Effective Date, such Debt has (a) no maturity, amortization, mandatory redemption or repurchase option
or sinking fund payment prior to the date that is six months after the Termination Date (other than customary provisions for application
of asset sale proceeds or following a change of control) and (b) customary subordination provisions as shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, and

(F)Non-Recourse
Debt, the incurrence of which would not result in a Default under Section 5.04 or any other provision of this Agreement;

(v)Debt
under Customary Carve-Out Agreements;

(vi)endorsements
of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business;

(vii)other
Debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of $5,000,000 and 5.0% of EBITDA (determined at the time of incurrence
of any such Debt (calculated on a pro forma basis) as of the last day of the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
of the Parent Guarantor for which financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or
(c), or if earlier, as of the last day of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024)
at any time outstanding; and

(viii)(x) Debt
of a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date or a corporation or other entity merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries after the Effective Date and Debt assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets, which Debt in each case,
exists at the time of such acquisition, merger or consolidation and is not created in contemplation of such event and where such acquisition,
merger or consolidation is permitted by this Agreement and (y) any Refinancing Debt incurred to refinance such Debt (whether such
Refinancing Debt is incurred substantially concurrently with the consummation of such acquisition, merger or consolidation or thereafter),
the incurrence of which, in any case, would not result in a Default under Section 5.04 or any other provision of this Agreement.

65

(c)Change
in Nature of Business. Make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any material change in the nature of its business as carried
at the Closing Date, except for changes relating to businesses reasonably related, complementary or ancillary thereto or a reasonable
extension or expansion thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith.

(d)Mergers,
Etc. Merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series
of transactions or pursuant to a Division) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person,
or Divide, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; provided, however, that (i) any Subsidiary of a Loan Party
may merge or consolidate with or into, or dispose of assets to (including pursuant to a Division), any other Subsidiary of a Loan Party
(provided that if one or more of such Subsidiaries is also a Loan Party, a Loan Party shall be the surviving entity and, in the
case of a Division, the assets of such dividing Loan Party shall be held by a Loan Party or an entity which shall contemporaneously with
such Division become a Loan Party) or any other Loan Party other than the Parent Guarantor (provided that such Loan Party or,
in the case of any Loan Party other than the Borrower, another Loan Party shall be the surviving entity and, in the case of a Division,
the assets of such dividing Loan Party shall be held by a Loan Party or an entity which shall contemporaneously with such Division become
a Loan Party), and (ii) any Loan Party may merge with any Person that is not a Loan Party so long as such Loan Party is the surviving
entity or (except in the case of a merger with the Borrower or the Parent Guarantor, which shall always be the surviving entity) such
other Person is the surviving entity and shall contemporaneously with such merger become a Loan Party (provided further that the
Parent Guarantor shall not merge with a Person that is not a Loan Party unless such merger is with a Person that would be in compliance
with Section 5.01(o), and which is the general partner or other owner of a Person simultaneously merging with the Borrower or a
Subsidiary of the Borrower, and the Parent Guarantor shall be the surviving entity). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
(y) any Subsidiary of a Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may liquidate, dissolve or Divide if the Borrower determines in good
faith that such liquidation, dissolution or Division is in the best interests of the Borrower and the assets or proceeds from the liquidation,
dissolution or Division of such Subsidiary are transferred to the Borrower or a Guarantor, provided that no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such proposed transaction or would result therefrom, and (z) any Loan
Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party shall be permitted to effect any transfer of assets through the sale or transfer of direct or indirect
Equity Interests in the Person (other than the Borrower or the Parent Guarantor) that owns such assets. Upon the sale or transfer of
Equity Interests in any Person that is a Guarantor permitted under clause (z) above; provided the Administrative Agent
shall, upon the request of the Borrower and at the Borrowers expense, release such Guarantor from the Guaranty and the Collateral
Documents in accordance with Section 10.14(a).

(e)Restricted
Payments. In the case of the Parent Guarantor and the Borrower, make any Restricted Payments if any Event of Default pursuant to
Sections 6.01(a) or (f) shall be continuing or a Default shall have occurred and be continuing that would be an Event of Default
under Sections 6.01(a) or (f) but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both, or, in either case, would
result therefrom; provided, however, that while any such Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
or would result therefrom, (i) the Parent Guarantor may declare and pay cash dividends (and the Borrower and any Subsidiary may
pay cash dividends to enable the Parent Guarantor to do so) within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof, if at the date of declaration
such payment would have been otherwise permitted by this Section 5.02(e), and (ii) the Borrower may make periodic pro rata
dividend distributions to its members, which distributions represent the Borrowers reasonable good faith estimate, in its sole
discretion, of amounts sufficient to allow each member to have at least an amount sufficient to pay its federal, state, and local income
Taxes attributable to its allocable share of the Borrowers income.

66

(f)Amendments
of Constitutive Documents. Amend, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to amend, in each case in any respect, its limited liability
company agreement, partnership agreement, certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other constitutive documents if such amendment would
be materially adverse to any of the Secured Parties; provided that any amendment to any such document that would designate such
Subsidiary as a special purpose entity or otherwise confirm such Subsidiarys status as a special purpose
entity shall be deemed not to be materially adverse to any of the Secured Parties for purposes of this Section 5.02(f).

(g)Accounting
Changes. Make or permit, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any (i) material change in accounting policies
or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP, or (ii) any change in Fiscal Year.

(h)Speculative
Transactions. Engage, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage, in any transaction involving commodity options or futures contracts
or any similar speculative transactions.

(i)Payment
Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries. Directly or indirectly, enter into or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to
enter into or suffer to exist, any agreement or arrangement limiting the ability of any of its Subsidiaries to declare or pay dividends
or other distributions in respect of its Equity Interests or repay or prepay any Debt owed to, make loans or advances to, the Borrower
or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except (i) the Loan Documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument evidencing Non-Recourse
Debt, any purchase money Debt permitted under Section 5.02(b), or any Capitalized Lease permitted by Section 5.02(b); provided
that the terms of such Debt, and of such agreement or instrument, do not restrict distributions in respect of Equity Interests in Subsidiaries,
(iii) any agreement in effect at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not
entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower, (iv) restrictions and conditions imposed
by any Requirement of Law, (v) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to any transaction permitted
by Section 5.02(d) pending the closing of such transaction, (vi) customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited
liability company governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements that restrict the transfer of assets of,
or ownership interests in, the relevant partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or similar Person, and (vii) provisions
in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of
Equity Interests of a Person other than on a pro rata basis.

(j)Amendment,
Etc. of Material Contracts. Cancel, terminate, amend or otherwise modify any Material Contract or give any consent, waiver or approval
thereunder that, in each case, would impair or otherwise adversely affect in any material respect the interest or rights, if any, of
any Agent or any Lender, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, in each case, taking into account the effect of
any agreements that supplement or serve to substitute for, in whole or in part, such Material Contract.

67

(k)Negative
Pledge. Enter into or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into or suffer to exist, any Negative Pledge upon
any of its property or assets, except (i) pursuant to the Loan Documents, (ii) in connection with (A) any Non-Recourse
Debt; provided that the terms of such Debt, and of any agreement entered into and of any instrument issued in connection therewith,
do not provide for or prohibit or condition the creation of any Lien on any Collateral and are otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents;
provided further that any restriction of the type described in the proviso in the definition of Negative Pledge shall not be deemed
to violate the foregoing restriction (B) any purchase money Debt permitted under Section 5.02(b) solely to the extent
that the agreement or instrument governing such Debt prohibits a Lien on the property acquired with the proceeds of such Debt, (C) any
Capitalized Lease permitted by Section 5.02(b) solely to the extent that such Capitalized Lease prohibits a Lien on the property
subject thereto, or (D) any Debt outstanding on the date any Subsidiary of the Borrower becomes such a Subsidiary (so long as such
agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower) , (iii) restrictions
and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law, (iv) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to
any transaction permitted by Section 5.02(d) pending the closing of such transaction, (v) restrictions and conditions
imposed by any Requirement of Law, (vi) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to any transaction
permitted by Section 5.02(d) pending the closing of such transaction, (vii) customary provisions in leases and other contracts
restricting the assignment, subletting or other transfer thereof (including the granting of any Lien), (viii) restrictions or conditions
imposed by restrictions on cash and other deposits or net worth provisions in leases and other agreements entered into in the ordinary
course of business, (ix) customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company governance documents, joint venture
agreements and other similar agreements that restrict the transfer of assets of, or ownership interests in, the relevant partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture or similar Person, and (x) customary restrictions that arise in connection with any Lien
permitted by Section 5.02(a) on any asset or property that is not, and is not required to be, Collateral that relates to the
asset or property subject to such Lien; provided, however, that no such Negative Pledge shall be permitted if immediately
prior to the effectiveness of such Negative Pledge, or immediately after giving effect thereto, (1) a Default or Event of Default
exists or (2) the Loan Parties are not in compliance with any of the covenants set forth in Section 5.04 determined on a pro
forma basis.

(l)Parent
Guarantor as Holding Company. In the case of the Parent Guarantor, not engage in any material business or activity, other than (i) the
ownership, acquisition and disposition of Equity Interests in the Borrower, (ii) the management of the business of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, (iii) the ownership of (A) assets that have been distributed to the Parent Guarantor by its Subsidiaries
and that are held by the Parent Guarantor pending further distribution to equity holders of the Parent Guarantor, (B) assets received
by the Parent Guarantor from third parties (including the net cash proceeds from any issuance and sale by the Parent Guarantor of any
of its Equity Interests), that are held pending contribution of the same to the Borrower that are held pending contribution of the same
to the Borrower, (C) bank accounts or similar instruments and (D) other tangible and intangible assets that, taken as a whole,
are de minimis in relation to the net assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, but which shall in no event include
any Equity Interests other than those referred to in clauses (i), (iii)(A) and (iii)(B) of this sentence, (iv) the maintenance
of its legal existence (including the ability to incur fees, costs, and expenses relating to such maintenance), (v) the performance
of its Obligations under the Loan Documents, (vi) any public offering or any other issuance or sale of Equity Interests in the Parent
Guarantor, (vii) subject to Sections 5.02(e), the making of Restricted Payments, (viii) making contributions to the capital
of the Borrower, (ix) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters pertaining to the Parent Guarantor and its
Subsidiaries, (x) providing indemnification to officers, managers and directors, (xi) any activities related to compliance
with the provisions of the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act, and the rules of national securities exchanges, in each
case, as applicable to the Parent Guarantor, as well as activities incidental to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports
to shareholders or debt holders, (xii) the incurrence of Debt, to the extent (A) such incurrence would not be prohibited by
Section 5.02(b) and (B) the Parent Guarantor would be in compliance with Section 5.04 on a pro forma basis as of
the last day of the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor for which financial statements
are required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.03(b) or (c), or if earlier as of the last day of the four
consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor ended September 30, 2024, (provided that 100% of the net cash proceeds
of such incurrence of Debt shall be contributed to the Borrower) and (xiii) any activities incidental to any of the foregoing.

68

(m)Multiemployer
Plans. Contribute to or be required to contribute to, nor will any ERISA Affiliate contribute to or be required to contribute to
any Multiemployer Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)Sanctions.
Knowingly engage in, or permit any Subsidiary to engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory,
that at the time of the dealing or transaction is the subject of, or targeted by, Sanctions if such dealing or transaction is in violation
of such Sanctions.

SECTION 5.03.Reporting
Requirements. Until the Date of Full Satisfaction, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the
Lenders in accordance with Section 10.02(b):

(a)Default
Notice. As soon as possible and in any event within five Business days after the occurrence of each Default or any event, development
or occurrence reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the
Chief Financial Officer (or other Responsible Officer) of the Parent Guarantor setting forth details of such Default or such event, development
or occurrence and the action, if any, that the Parent Guarantor has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.

(b)Annual
Financials. Within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual audit report for such year for the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, including therein Consolidated balance sheets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the
end of such Fiscal Year and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent Guarantor and
its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year (it being acknowledged that a copy of the annual audit report filed by the Parent Guarantor with
the Securities and Exchange Commission shall satisfy the foregoing requirements), in each case accompanied by (x) an opinion acceptable
to the Required Lenders of Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of recognized standing, which
opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern
or like qualification or exception (other than with respect to, or resulting from, (1) an upcoming maturity date under any indebtedness
that is scheduled to occur within eighteen (18) months from the time such report and opinion are delivered, (2) any actual or potential
default or event of default of, or inability to satisfy, any financial covenant under this Agreement and/or any other indebtedness and/or
(3) exceptions for qualifications relating to change in accounting principles or practices reflecting a change in GAAP and required
or approved by such independent certified public accountants) or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, and (y) if
applicable and if the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, 
a report of such independent certified public accountants as to the Borrowers internal controls of the Parent Guarantor and its
Subsidiaries required under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, in each case certified in a manner to which the Required Lenders have
not objected.

(c)Quarterly
Financials. Within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each Fiscal Year, Consolidated balance sheets
of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement
of cash flows of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal quarter and ending
with the end of such fiscal quarter and Consolidated statements of income and a Consolidated statement of cash flows of the Parent Guarantor
and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting
forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding date or period of the preceding Fiscal Year, all
in reasonable detail and duly certified (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer or Treasurer (or other Responsible Officer performing similar functions) of the Parent Guarantor as having been prepared in accordance
with GAAP (it being acknowledged that a copy of the quarterly financials filed by the Parent Guarantor with the Securities and Exchange
Commission shall satisfy the foregoing requirements).

69

(d)Compliance
Certificate. Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.03(b) and 5.03(c), and
on any Test Date described in clauses (b) and (c) in the definition thereof, (i) a certificate signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower stating that (A) the Parent Guarantor, as of such date, is in compliance with the covenants contained in
Section 5.04 and (B) no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement
as to the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Parent Guarantor has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) a
schedule in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the computations used by the Parent Guarantor in determining compliance
with the covenants contained in Section 5.04.

(e)Notices.
Promptly, after a Responsible Officer of the Parent Guarantor becomes aware thereof, give notice to the Administrative Agent of:

(i)any
change in the Investment Grade Rating (including the initial issuance of any Investment Grade Rating) or any other credit rating given
by S&P, Moodys or another nationally recognized rating agency to the Parent Guarantors long term senior unsecured Debt
or any announcement that any such rating is under review or that such rating has been placed on a watch list or that any
similar action has been taken by S&P, Moodys or another nationally recognized rating agency, notice of such change, announcement
or action, upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of such change; or

(ii)any
litigation or proceeding which may exist at any time between a Loan Party or any Subsidiary and any other person, which is reasonably
likely to be adversely determined and if adversely determined would have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(iii)any
ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)Investment
Asset Financials. Concurrently with delivery of the items set forth in Section 5.03(b) and (c), the delivery to the Administrative
Agent of a list of all Investment Assets (other than Excluded Investment Assets) and financial information in respect of all Investment
Assets (other than Excluded Investment Assets), in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(g)Intentionally
Omitted.

(h)Securities
Reports. Except to the extent publicly available, promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial
statements and reports that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries sends to the holders of its Equity Interests, and copies of all
regular, periodic and special reports, and all final registration statements, that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries files with
the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities
exchange.

(i)Management
Contracts; Investment Assets. Concurrently with delivery of the items set forth in Section 5.03(b) and (c), (i) a supplement
to Part I of Schedule II or Part I of Schedule III, as applicable, to reflect the addition of each Scheduled Investment Asset
or Management Contract, as applicable, acquired or entered into since the date of the last such supplement (if any); provided, however,
that each supplement to Schedule II shall be required to include only those Investment Assets that have a value (calculated in accordance
with GAAP) of $3,000,000 or more; provided further that at the time of the delivery of each such supplement, Schedule II, as so supplemented,
shall list Investment Assets with an aggregate value of not less than 80% of the total asset value (calculated in accordance with GAAP)
of all Investment Assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, together with (ii) a certificate signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower stating that the representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document with respect to the
Management Contracts and the Investment Assets are correct and complete in all material respects (unless qualified as to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects), as if such representations
and warranties were made as of the date of such certificate.

70

(j)Collateral
Value. Promptly after a Responsible Officer becomes aware of any setoff, claim, withholding or defense asserted or effected against
any Loan Party, or to which any Collateral is subject, which would reasonably be expected to (i) have a material adverse effect on
the value of an Investment Asset or the revenue derived from a Management Contract, (ii) have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) result
in the imposition or assertion of a Lien against any Collateral which is not a Permitted Lien, notice to the Administrative Agent thereof.

(k)Reconciliation
Statements. If, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of any audited
financial statements or forecasts required to be delivered hereunder, the Consolidated financial statements and forecasts of the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries delivered hereunder will differ in any material respect from the Consolidated financial statements that
would have been delivered pursuant to this Section had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then (i) together
with the first delivery of such financial statements or forecasts following such change, Consolidated financial statements and forecasts
of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the fiscal quarter in which such change is made,
prepared on a pro forma basis as if such change had been in effect during such fiscal quarter, and (ii) if reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent, a written statement of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer (or other Responsible
Officer performing similar functions) of the Parent Guarantor setting forth the differences (including any differences that would affect
any calculations relating to the financial covenants set forth in Section 5.04) which would have resulted if such financial statements
and forecasts had been prepared without giving effect to such change.

(l)Material
Contract. As soon as available, a copy of any Material Contract entered into after the date hereof.

(m)Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption Laws. Promptly upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, any information that any Agent or Lender
deems reasonably necessary from time to time in order to ensure compliance with all applicable Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws, the
Trading with the Enemy Act and the Patriot Act.

(n)Beneficial
Ownership Certification. Promptly following any change in beneficial ownership of the Borrower that would render any statement in
an existing Beneficial Ownership Certification untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification
for the Borrower.

(o)Other
Information. Promptly, such other information respecting the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance,
sustainability matters, properties or prospects of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender
through the Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request (including to ensure compliance with all applicable Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption Laws, the Trading with the Enemy Act and the Patriot Act). Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Loan Parties
or any of the Subsidiaries shall have any obligation to (i) disclose information in violation of confidentiality restrictions dictated
by applicable law or by a Governmental Authority or (ii) disclose any information that is privileged legal advice or constitutes
attorney work product.

71

SECTION 5.04.Financial
Covenants. Until the Date of Full Satisfaction, the Parent Guarantor will:

(a)Maximum
Leverage Ratio. Maintain as of each Test Date, a Leverage Ratio of not greater than 2.0:1.0.

(b)Minimum
Interest Coverage Ratio. Maintain as of each Test Date, an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 3.0:1.0.

(c)Minimum
AUM. Maintain as of each Test Date a minimum ratio of (i) Management Fee-generating Assets Under Management as of such date
to (ii) Management Fee-generating Assets Under Management as of the Closing Date of not less than 60%.

To the extent any calculations
described in this Section 5.04 are required to be made on any date of determination other than the last day of a fiscal
quarter of the Parent Guarantor, such calculations shall be made on a pro forma basis. To the extent any calculations described
in this Sections 5.04 are required to be made on a Test Date relating to an Advance, such calculations shall be made on a pro
forma basis immediately after giving effect to such Advance. All such calculations shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent.

ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01. Events
of Default. If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur:

(a)Failure
to Make Payments When Due. (i) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance when the same shall become due and
payable or (ii) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance, or any Loan Party shall fail to make any other payment
under any Loan Document, in each case under this clause (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable;
or

(b)Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party under or in
connection with any Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or

(c)Breach
of Certain Covenants. The Loan Parties shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 2.13,
5.01(e) (with respect to the Loan Parties), 5.02, 5.03(a) (it being understood that delivery of the applicable notice shall
automatically cure such Event of Default), (b), (c) or (d), or 5.04; or

(d)Other
Defaults under Loan Documents. Any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in
any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of
the date on which (i) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or (ii) written notice thereof shall have been given
to the Borrower by any Agent or any Lender; or

72

(e)Cross
Defaults. (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall fail to pay any principal of, premium or interest on or any other
amount payable in respect of any Material Debt when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment,
acceleration, demand or otherwise); or (ii) any other default or event of default shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating
to any such Material Debt, if (A) the effect of such default or event of default is to permit the acceleration of the maturity of
such Material Debt or otherwise permit the holders thereof to cause such Material Debt to mature, and (B) such default or event of
default shall remain unremedied or otherwise uncured for a period of 30 days (or if longer, the applicable grace period under such
Material Debt); or (iii) any other default or event of default shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such
Material Debt and, as a result thereof, the maturity of any such Material Debt shall be accelerated or any such Material Debt shall be
declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or
defease such Material Debt shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or

(f)Insolvency
Events. Any Loan Party or any material Subsidiary thereof shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit
in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding
shall be instituted by or against any Loan Party or any material Subsidiary thereof seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent,
or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under
any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the
appointment of a receiver, trustee, or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any
such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it) that is being diligently contested by it in good faith, either such proceeding
shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without
limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for,
it or any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or any Loan Party or any material Subsidiary thereof shall take any corporate
action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f); or

(g)Monetary
Judgments. Any final and non-appealable judgments or orders, either individually or in the aggregate, for the payment of money in
excess of $20,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any material Subsidiary thereof and (i) either (x) enforcement
proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (y) there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days
during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise shall not be in effect, and (ii) such
judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60)
consecutive days after the entry thereof; provided, however, that any such judgment or order shall not give rise to an Event
of Default under this Section 6.01(g) if and so long as (A) the amount of such judgment or order which remains unsatisfied
is covered by a valid and binding policy of insurance that complies with the requirements of this Agreement and with respect to which
the uncovered amount does not exceed $20,000,000 and (B) such insurer, has been notified of the claim made for payment and of the
amount of such judgment or order; or

(h)Non-Monetary
Judgments. (i) Any final and non-appealable non-monetary judgment, order or writ shall be rendered against any Loan Party or
material Subsidiary thereof or (ii) any seizure or attachment shall be issued or enforced against the Borrower or any Guarantor or
any of their respective assets, in any such case that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall
be any period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, order, writ, seizure or attachment,
by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or

(i)Invalidity
or Unenforceability of Loan Documents. Any provision of any Loan Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 3.01 or
5.01(j) shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof or exclusively as a result of the action or inaction
of any Agent or Secured Party other than following and during the continuance of an Event of Default) cease to be valid and binding on
or enforceable against any Loan Party which is party to it, or any such Loan Party shall so state in writing; or

73

(j)Security
Failure. Any Collateral Document or financing statement after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 3.01 or 5.01(j) shall
for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof or exclusively as a result of the action or inaction of any Agent or Secured
Party other than following and during the continuance of an Event of Default) cease to create a valid and perfected first priority lien
on and security interest in the Collateral purported to be covered thereby; or

(k)Change
of Control. A Change of Control shall occur, provided that if such Change of Control was caused exclusively by a Key Person
Event, there shall not be an Event of Default under this clause (k) unless and until an Event of Default under clause (l) below
shall also have occurred and be continuing (after giving effect to the grace period set forth therein); or

(l)Key
Person Event. A Key Person Event shall occur and more than 60 days shall have elapsed before the Borrower has identified a substitute
Key Person reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders; or

(m)ERISA
Events. Any ERISA Event shall have occurred with respect to a Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

then, and in any such event, the Administrative
Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Commitments
of each Lender and the obligation of each Lender to make Advances, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, (ii) shall at the
request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Advances, all interest thereon and all
other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such
interest and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower request that all Obligations under such agreement be declared to be
due and payable; provided, however, that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to
the Borrower under any Bankruptcy Law, (y) the Commitments of each Lender and the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall
automatically be terminated and (z) the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and
payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; and
(iii) shall at the request, or may with the consent of the Required Lenders, proceed to enforce its rights and remedies under the
Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders by appropriate proceedings.

ARTICLE VII

GUARANTY

SECTION 7.01.Guaranty;
Limitation of Liability.

(a)Each
Guarantor, jointly and severally, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether
at scheduled maturity or on any date of a required prepayment or by acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrower
and each other Loan Party now or hereafter existing under or in respect of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, any extensions,
modifications, substitutions, amendments or renewals of any or all of the foregoing Obligations), whether direct or indirect, absolute
or contingent, and whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, contract causes of action, costs, expenses or otherwise
(such Obligations being the Guaranteed Obligations), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by any Agent or any Lender in enforcing any rights under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantors liability shall extend to all amounts
that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by any other Loan Party to any Agent, any Lender under or in respect
of the Loan Documents but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization
or similar proceeding involving such other Loan Party. This Guaranty is and constitutes a guaranty of payment and not merely of collection.

74

(b)Each
Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and each other Lender and, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Guaranty, each other Secured
Party, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty and the Obligations of each Guarantor hereunder
not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform
Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty and the Obligations of
each Guarantor hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the other Lenders and, by their
acceptance of the benefits of this Guaranty, the other Secured Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the Obligations of each Guarantor
under this Guaranty at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the Obligations of such Guarantor under this
Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

(c)Each
Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to any Secured Party
under this Guaranty or any other guaranty, such Guarantor will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such amounts to each
other Guarantor and each other guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Secured Parties under or in respect of the
Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.02.Guaranty
Absolute. Each Guarantor guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any
of such terms or the rights of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party with respect thereto. The Obligations of each Guarantor
under or in respect of this Guaranty are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Obligations of any other Loan Party under
or in respect of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each
Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty, irrespective of whether any action is brought against the Borrower or any other Loan Party or whether
the Borrower or any other Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Guaranty shall
be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have
or hereafter acquire in any way relating to, any or all of the following:

(a)any
lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(b)any
change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Obligations
of any other Loan Party under or in respect of the Loan Documents, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from
any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional
credit to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries or otherwise;

(c)any
taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure
from, any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(d)any
manner of application of collateral, or proceeds thereof, to all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any manner of sale or other
disposition of any collateral for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Obligations of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents
or any other assets of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries;

75

(e)any
change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries;

(f)any
failure of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to disclose to any Loan Party any information relating to the business,
condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party now or hereafter known to
the Administrative Agent or such other Secured Party (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Administrative Agent and each
other Secured Party to disclose such information);

(g)the
failure of any other Person to execute or deliver this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Guaranty Supplement or any other guaranty
or agreement or the release or reduction of liability of any Guarantor or other guarantor or surety with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations;
or

(h)any
other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by
the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan
Party or any other guarantor or surety (other than that the Guaranty is no longer in full force and effect pursuant to Section 7.08).

This Guaranty shall continue to be effective
or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise
be returned by any Secured Party or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

SECTION 7.03.Waivers
and Acknowledgments.

(a)Each
Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance,
notice of nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations
and this Guaranty and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any
Lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any collateral.

(b)Each
Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty and acknowledges that this Guaranty is continuing
in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future.

(c)Each
Guarantor acknowledges that the Administrative Agent may, without notice to or demand upon such Guarantor and without affecting the liability
of such Guarantor under this Guaranty, foreclose under any mortgage by nonjudicial sale, and each Guarantor hereby waives any defense
to the recovery by the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties against such Guarantor of any deficiency after such nonjudicial
sale and any defense or benefits that may be afforded by applicable.

(d)Each
Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any duty on the part of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to
disclose to such Guarantor any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance,
properties or prospects of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries now or hereafter known by the Administrative
Agent or such other Secured Party.

76

(e)Each
Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that the waivers set forth in Section 7.02 and this Section 7.03 are knowingly
made in contemplation of such benefits.

SECTION 7.04.Subrogation.
Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against
the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement
of such Guarantors Obligations under or in respect of this Guaranty, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including, without
limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any
claim or remedy of any Secured Party against the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor or any collateral, whether
or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right
to take or receive from the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property
or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed
Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments shall
have expired or been terminated. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any
time prior to the latest of (a) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable
under this Guaranty and (b) the termination in whole of the Commitments, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Guarantor and shall forthwith be paid or delivered
to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied
to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Documents. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to any Secured Party of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations,
and (ii) the Date of Full Satisfaction shall have occurred, then the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties will, at
such Guarantors request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without
representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations
resulting from such payment made by such Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty.

SECTION 7.05. Guaranty
Supplements. Upon the execution and delivery by any Person of a Guaranty Supplement, (i) such Person shall be referred to as
an Additional Guarantor and shall become and be a Guarantor hereunder, and each reference in this Agreement
to a Guarantor or a Loan Party shall also mean and be a reference to such Additional Guarantor, and each
reference in any other Loan Document to a Guarantor shall also mean and be a reference to such Additional Guarantor, and
(ii) each reference herein to this Agreement, this Guaranty, hereunder, hereof
or words of like import referring to this Agreement and this Guaranty, and each reference in any other Loan Document to the Loan
Agreement, Guaranty, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to this Agreement
and this Guaranty, shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement and this Guaranty as supplemented by such Guaranty Supplement.

SECTION 7.06. Indemnification
by Guarantors.

(a)Without
limitation on any other Obligations of any Guarantor or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Secured Parties under this Agreement,
this Guaranty or the other Loan Documents, each Guarantor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify, defend and save and
hold harmless the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, each other Secured Party and any Related Party of
any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Indemnified Party) from and against, and shall pay on demand, any and all claims,
damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred
by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party in connection with or as a result of any failure of any Guaranteed Obligations
to be the legal, valid and binding obligations of any Loan Party enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with their terms,
except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final and nonappealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from (x) such Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct or the gross negligence
or willful misconduct by such Indemnified Partys officer, director, employee, or agent, or (y) a breach in bad faith of such
Indemnified Partys obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

77

(b)Each
Guarantor hereby also agrees that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise)
to any of the Guarantors or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and
advisors, and each Guarantor hereby agrees not to assert any claim against any Indemnified Party on any theory of liability, for special,
indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the Facilities, the actual or proposed use of the
proceeds of the Advances, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.07.Subordination.
Each Guarantor hereby subordinates any and all debts, liabilities and other Obligations owed to such Guarantor by each other Loan Party
(the Subordinated Obligations) to the Guaranteed Obligations to the extent and in the manner hereinafter
set forth in this Section 7.07.

(a)Prohibited
Payments, Etc. Except during the continuance of a Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any
Bankruptcy Law relating to any other Loan Party), each Guarantor may receive regularly scheduled payments or payments made in the ordinary
course of business from any other Loan Party on account of the Subordinated Obligations. After the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law relating to any other Loan Party),
however, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, no Guarantor shall demand, accept or take any action to collect any payment
on account of the Subordinated Obligations.

(b)Prior
Payment of Guaranteed Obligations. In any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law relating to any other Loan Party, each Guarantor agrees
that the Secured Parties shall be entitled to receive payment in full in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations (including all interest and
expenses accruing after the commencement of a proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law, whether or not constituting an allowed claim in such
proceeding (Post Petition Interest)) before such Guarantor receives payment of any Subordinated Obligations.

(c)Turn-Over.
After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any
Bankruptcy Law relating to any other Loan Party), each Guarantor shall, if the Administrative Agent so requests, collect, enforce and
receive payments on account of the Subordinated Obligations as trustee for the Secured Parties and deliver such payments to the Administrative
Agent on account of the Guaranteed Obligations (including all Post Petition Interest), together with any necessary endorsements or other
instruments of transfer, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of such Guarantor under the other provisions of
this Guaranty.

(d)Administrative
Agent Authorization. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default (including the commencement and continuation
of any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law relating to any other Loan Party), the Administrative Agent is authorized and empowered (but
without any obligation to so do), in its discretion, (i) in the name of each Guarantor, to collect and enforce, and to submit claims
in respect of, Subordinated Obligations and to apply any amounts received thereon to the Guaranteed Obligations (including any and all
Post Petition Interest), and (ii) to require each Guarantor (A) to collect and enforce, and to submit claims in respect of,
Subordinated Obligations and (B) to pay any amounts received on such obligations to the Administrative Agent for application to
the Guaranteed Obligations (including any and all Post Petition Interest).

78

SECTION 7.08.Continuing
Guaranty. This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the Date of Full Satisfaction,
(b) be binding upon the Guarantors, their successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties and their permitted successors, transferees and assigns, and shall be enforceable
by the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 7.09.Keepwell.
Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds
or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its Guaranteed Obligations in respect of
Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 7.09
for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 7.09,
or otherwise in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, as it relates to such other Loan Party, voidable under applicable law relating
to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under
this Section shall remain in full force and effect until a discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor
intends that this Section 7.09 constitute, and this Section 7.09 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support,
or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity
Exchange Act.

ARTICLE VIII

INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01.Authorization
and Action.

(a)Each
Lender (in its capacities as a Lender) hereby appoints and authorizes Citibank, in its capacities as Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental
thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection
of the Notes), no Agent shall be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from
acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or such greater
number of Lenders as may be required pursuant to this Agreement, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders and all holders
of Notes; provided, however, that no Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes such Agent to personal liability
or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. Each Agent agrees to give to each Lender prompt notice of each notice given
to it by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Person
identified as a syndication agent, documentation agent, senior manager, joint lead arranger (including any Arrangers) or sole book running
manager, in such Persons capacity as such, shall have any obligations or duties to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or
any other Secured Party under any of such Loan Documents. In its capacity as the Lenders contractual representative, Agents are
each a representative of the Lenders as used within the meaning of Secured Party under Section 9-102
of the Uniform Commercial Code.

79

SECTION 9.02.Agents
Reliance, Etc. Neither any Agent nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees
shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with the Loan Documents, except for
its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Agents obligations hereunder or under any
other Loan Document. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, each Agent: (a) in the case of the Administrative Agent,
may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof until the Administrative Agent receives and accepts an Accession Agreement entered
into by an Acceding Lender as provided in Section 2.17 or an Assignment and Acceptance entered into by the Lender that is the payee
of such Note, as assignor, and an Eligible Assignee, as assignee, or, in the case of any other Agent, such Agent has received notice
from the Administrative Agent that it has received and accepted such Assignment and Acceptance or Accession Agreement, as the case may
be, in each case as provided in Section 10.07; (b) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for any Loan Party), independent
certified public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in
good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (c) makes no warranty or representation
to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral)
made in or in connection with the Loan Documents; (d) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance,
observance or satisfaction of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document on the part of any Loan Party or the existence
at any time of any Default under the Loan Documents or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Loan Party; (e) shall
not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or
the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan
Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the
Administrative Agents reliance on any electronic signature delivered pursuant to Section 10.08); (f) shall incur no
liability under or in respect of any Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which
may be by email or other electronic communication) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties; and
(g) shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent
to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt, any action that may be
in violation of the automatic stay under any Bankruptcy Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property
of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Bankruptcy Law. No act by the Administrative Agent, or the Arranger hereafter taken, including
any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed
to constitute a representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent, or the Arranger to any Lender as to any matter, including whether
the Administrative Agent or the Arranger has disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties) possession. The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce,
compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative
Agent shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender
or Participant is a Disqualified Lender or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation
of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender.

SECTION 9.03.Citibank
and Affiliates. With respect to its Commitments, the Advances made by it and the Notes issued to it, Citibank shall have the same
rights and powers under the Loan Documents as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent; and the term
Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include Citibank in its individual capacity.
Citibank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements
from and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan Party and any Person that may do business
with or own securities of any Loan Party or any such Subsidiary, all as if Citibank were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

80

SECTION 9.04.Lender
Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, or any other Lender and
based on the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other
condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory laws relating
to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower
hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, Arranger or any other Lender
and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals
and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished
hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations,
property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the
Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial
loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial
loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring
or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each
Lender represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to
provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in
making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making,
acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender, the Borrower and each Loan Party also acknowledges
and agrees that (a) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger, acting in such capacities have made any assurances as to
(i) whether the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents meets such Lenders criteria or expectations
with regard to environmental impact and sustainability performance or (ii) whether any characteristics of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents, or any thresholds or targets with respect thereto to be determined in connection with any increase or decrease
in the Applicable Margin, including the Borrowers environmental and sustainability criteria, meet any industry standards or market
expectations for sustainability-linked credit facilities, and (b) each such Lender has performed its own independent investigation
and analysis of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and whether this Agreement and the other Loan Documents meet such Lenders
criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and/or sustainability performance. Nothing in this Agreement or any other
Loan Document shall require any Agent or any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees to carry out any know
your customer or other checks in relation to any Person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Agents that it
is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks
made by any Agent or any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees.

SECTION 9.05.Indemnification
by Lenders.

(a)Each
Lender severally agrees to indemnify each Agent (in each case to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Borrower) from and against
such Lenders ratable share (determined as provided below) of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
actions, judgments, litigation, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by,
or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent
under the Loan Documents (collectively, the Indemnified Costs); provided, however, that no
Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, litigation,
costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the applicable Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct as found
in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender severally
agrees to reimburse each Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees
and expenses of counsel) payable by the Borrower under Section 10.04, to the extent that such Agent is not promptly reimbursed for
such costs and expenses by the Borrower. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Costs,
this Section 9.05 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person.

(b)For
purposes of this Section 9.05, the Lenders respective ratable shares of any amount shall be determined, at any time, according
to their respective Commitments at such time. The failure of any Lender to reimburse any Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share
of any amount required to be paid by the Lenders to such Agent, as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation
hereunder to reimburse such Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Lender to reimburse such for such other Lenders ratable share of such amount. The terms Agent shall be deemed to
include the employees, directors, officers and affiliates of each Agent for purposes of this Section 9.05. Without prejudice to
the survival of any other agreement of any Lender hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Lender contained in this Section 9.05
shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.

81

SECTION 9.06.Successor
Agents. Any Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower
and may be removed at any time with or without cause by the Required Lenders; provided, however, that any removal of the
Administrative Agent will not be effective until it has been replaced as Collateral Agent and released from all obligations in respect
thereof. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent, which appointment
shall, provided that no Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be continuing, be
subject to the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). If no successor Agent
shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring
Agents giving of notice of resignation or the Required Lenders removal of the retiring Agent, then the retiring Agent may,
on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or
of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; provided, however, in no event
shall any Defaulting Lender be appointed as such successor Agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as an Agent hereunder by a successor
Agent, and, in the case of a successor Collateral Agent, upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or
amendments thereto and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may reasonably
request, in order to continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents, such successor
Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the
retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. If within 30 days after written notice
is given of the retiring Agents resignation or removal under this Section 9.06 no successor Agent shall have been appointed
and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 30th day (i) the retiring Agents resignation or removal shall
become effective, (ii) the retiring Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents
and (iii) the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Agent under the Loan Documents until such time,
if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided above. After any retiring Agents resignation or removal
hereunder as an Agent shall have become effective, the provisions of this Article IX shall inure to its benefit as to any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was an Agent under this Agreement.

SECTION 9.07.Relationship
of Agents and Lenders. The relationship between Agents (or either of them) and the Lenders, and the relationship among the Lenders,
is not intended by the parties to create, and shall not create, any trust, joint venture or partnership relation between them.

SECTION 9.08.Certain
ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and
(y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto,
for the benefit of each Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that
at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit
Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments
or this Agreement,

(ii)the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Obligations of such Lender in respect of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

82

(iii)(A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Obligations of such Lender in respect of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the
entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Obligations of such Lender in respect of the Advances, the Commitments
and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the
best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Obligations of such Lender in respect of the
Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement.

(b)In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender, such Lender further
(x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such
Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent, and not,
for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Agents, is a fiduciary with
respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by any Agent
under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

SECTION 9.09.Return
of Funds.

(a)If
the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender, Secured Party or any other Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or
Secured Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment
Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice
under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment
Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously
or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) (any such funds, whether transmitted
or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively,
an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof),
such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated
below in this Section 9.09 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Payment Recipient shall (or shall
cause any other Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter
(or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the
amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received),
together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including
the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative
Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment
Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

83

(b)Without
limiting immediately preceding clause (a), if any Payment Recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns) receives a payment,
prepayment or repayment (whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution
or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) that (x) is in a different amount than, or on a different
date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any
of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment,
prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes
aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case:

(i)it
acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed
to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been
made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and

(ii)such
Payment Recipient shall (and shall cause any other Payment Recipient that receives funds on its behalf to) promptly (and, in all events,
within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x),
(y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable
detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.09(b).

For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver
a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.09(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients
obligations pursuant to Section 9.09(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made.

(c)Each
Lender and Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to
such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender
or Secured Party under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount
that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a).

(d)(i) In
the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor
in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from
any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an
Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents notice to such Lender at any time,
then effective immediately (with the consideration therefor being acknowledged by the parties hereto), (A) such Lender shall be deemed
to have assigned its Advances (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous
Payment Impacted Class) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative
Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Advances (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment) (on a cashless basis and such amount calculated at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest
(with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed
to have executed and delivered an Assignment and Acceptance (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and
Acceptance by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants)
with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Advances to the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but the failure of such Person to deliver any such Notes shall not affect the effectiveness of the
foregoing assignment), (B) the Administrative Agent as the assignee shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency
Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee shall become a Lender hereunder with respect
to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement
and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender, (D) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall
each be deemed to have waived any consents required under this Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the
Administrative Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Advances subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment.
For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments
shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

84

(ii)Subject
to Section 10.07 (but excluding, in all events, any assignment consent or approval requirements (whether from the Borrower or otherwise)),
the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Advances acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and
upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by
the net proceeds of the sale of such Advance (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies
and claims against such Lender or (and/or against any Payment Recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an
Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments
of principal and interest, or other distribution in respect of principal and interest, received by the Administrative Agent on or with
respect to any such Advances acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any
such Advances are then owned by the Administrative Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, be reduced
by any amount specified by the Administrative Agent in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time.

(e)The
parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an
Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion
thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and,
in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party, to the rights and interests of such
Lender or Secured Party, as the case may be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment
Subrogation Rights) (provided that the Loan Parties Obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of the
Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative of such Obligations in respect of Advances that have been assigned to the
Administrative Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay,
discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party; provided that this Section 9.09
shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date
for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable
had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately
preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount
of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from or on behalf of the Borrower for the purpose
of making a payment of the Obligations under the Loan Documents.

(f)To
the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives,
and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim
by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge
for value or any similar doctrine.

85

(g)Each
partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.09 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01.Amendments,
Etc.

(a)Subject
to the immediately following sentence of this Section 10.01(a), no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, the Notes
or any other Loan Document, nor any consent to a departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall, in any event, be effective unless the same
shall be in writing and signed (or, in the case of the Collateral Documents, consented to) by the Required Lenders, and then such waiver
or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Lenders indicated below, do any of the following at any time:
(i) modify the definition of Required Lenders or, except in accordance with this Section 10.01(a), otherwise change the number
or percentage vote of the Lenders required to make any determinations, waive any rights, modify any provision or take any action under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case without the consent of each affected Lender, (ii) (x) release the Borrower
with respect to the Obligations, except to the extent expressly permitted under this Agreement or (y) reduce or limit the obligations
of any Guarantor under Article VII or release such Guarantor or otherwise limit such Guarantors liability with respect to
the Guaranteed Obligations), except to the extent expressly permitted under this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to
Section 10.14), in each case, without the consent of each Lender, (iii) (x) release all or substantially all of the Collateral
(other than pursuant to Section 10.14) without the consent of each Lender or (y) permit the Loan Parties to encumber the Collateral,
except as expressly permitted in the Loan Documents, without (I) in the case of an encumbrance on all or substantially all of the
Collateral, the consent of each Lender or (II) in the case of an encumbrance on less than substantially all of the Collateral, the
consent of the Required Lenders together with the consent of each Initial Lender that remains a Lender at such time, (iv) amend this
Section 10.01 without the consent of each Lender, (v) increase the Commitment of any Lender or subject any Lender to any additional
obligations, other than as provided by Section 2.16, without the consent of such Lender, (vi) forgive or reduce the principal
of, or interest on (other than (x) a waiver or amendment of the interest rate increase provided for in Section 2.06(b) or
(y) an amendment to any financial covenant (or any defined term directly or indirectly used therein), even if the effect of such
amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Advance or other Obligation or to reduce any fee payable hereunder), the Obligations
of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents or any fees or other amounts payable thereunder to any Lender (other than as provided in
Sections 2.06(d) or (e)), without the consent of such Lender, (vii) postpone or extend any date fixed for any payment of principal
of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to any Lender (other than as provided by Section 2.06(d) or
2.06(e)), in each case without the consent of such Lender, (viii) extend the Termination Date, other than as provided by Section 2.15,
without the consent of each affected Lender (and for the avoidance of doubt only Lenders with Advances or Commitments with respect to
a Facility shall be deemed to be affected by an extension of the Termination Date with respect to the Facility), (ix) modify the
definition of Pro Rata Share without the consent of each Lender (x) provide for payment of the Facility in any manner other than
in cash in Dollars without the consent of each Lender, (xi) modify any provisions requiring payment to be made for the ratable account
of the Lenders without the consent of each Lender, (xii) require or accept any Collateral for the benefit of the Lenders other than
on a pro rata basis without the consent of each Lender receiving less than its pro rata share of such Collateral, (xiii) require
or accept one or more Guaranties for the benefit of the Lenders other than on a pro rata basis without the consent of each Lender
receiving less than its pro rata share of such Guaranties, (xiv) subordinate any of the security interests created under the Collateral
Documents to any Debt of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without the consent of each Lender, or (xv) take any other action specifically
requiring the consent of all Lenders under the Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender; provided, however, that
(A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in addition
to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as
the case may be, under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; and (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing
and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, amend, waive or consent to any departure
from the provisions of Section 2.06(e) or the defined terms herein pertaining to the establishment, replacement or computation
of any interest rate or interest rate margin applicable to any Obligations hereunder (except, in each case, in accordance with Sections
2.06(d), 2.06(e) and 10.01(d)).

86

(b)In
the event that any Lender (a Non-Consenting Lender) shall deny consent to a waiver or amendment to, or a departure
from, the provisions of this Agreement which requires the consent of all Lenders and that has been consented to by the Administrative
Agent and the Required Lenders, then the Borrower shall have the right, upon written demand to such Non-Consenting Lender and the Administrative
Agent given within 30 days after the first date on which such consent was solicited in writing from the Lenders by the Administrative
Agent (a Consent Request Date), to cause such Non-Consenting Lender to assign its rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment, the Advances owing to it and the Note or Notes, if any, held by it) to
a Replacement Lender; provided that (i) as of such Consent Request Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, (ii) as of the date of the Borrowers written demand to replace such Non-Consenting Lender, no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing other than a Default or Event of Default that resulted solely from the subject matter
of the waiver or amendment for which such consent was being solicited from the Lenders by the Administrative Agent and (iii) the
replacement of any Non-Consenting Lender shall be consummated in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Section 2.18, and
(iv) such Replacement Lender shall have consented to such waiver or amendment. The Replacement Lender shall purchase such interests
of the Non-Consenting Lender and shall assume the rights and obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender under this Agreement upon execution
by the Replacement Lender of an Assignment and Acceptance delivered pursuant to Section 10.07.

(c)Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, such Lender will not be entitled to vote in respect of amendments and waivers hereunder and the Commitment and the outstanding Advances
or other extensions of credit of such Lender hereunder will not be taken into account in determining whether the Required Lenders or all
of the Lenders, as required, have approved any such amendment or waiver (and the definition of Required Lenders will automatically be
deemed modified accordingly for the duration of such period); provided that any such amendment or waiver that would increase or
extend the term of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, extend the date fixed for the payment of principal or interest owing to such
Defaulting Lender hereunder, reduce the principal amount of any obligation owing to such Defaulting Lender, reduce the amount of or the
rate or amount of interest on any amount owing to such Defaulting Lender or of any fee payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or
alter the terms of this proviso, will require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.

(d)Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified an ambiguity, omission,
mistake or defect in any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or an inconsistency between a provision of this Agreement
and/or a provision of the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision to
cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency, and, in each case, such amendment shall become effective without any
further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the Required Lenders do not provide the Administrative Agent with
written notice of objection to such amendment within ten Business Days following receipt of notice thereof, (ii) the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower may amend the provisions of Section 10.02 with respect to notices that either the Administrative Agent or
the Borrower may deliver to each other but not with respect to notices to be delivered to any other Lender and (iii) the Administrative
Agent may confirm for the Borrower without obtaining the prior written approval of the Required Lenders, to the extent that it has so
determined, the priority of any instrument of Debt or Lien or that any Lien is a Permitted Lien hereunder.

87

(e)If
the Administrative Agent shall request the consent of the Lenders pursuant to Section 10.01(a) and any Lender shall fail to
respond to such consent request (which response must include any information as may have been reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent from such Lender in connection with such consent request) within the earlier of (x) the applicable time period specified for
the granting or withholding of such consent pursuant to the Loan Documents, if any, and (y) ten (10) Business Days after delivery
of such request, then the Lender that has failed to respond shall be deemed to have consented to such request.

SECTION 10.02. Notices,
Etc.

(a)All
notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be either (x) in writing and mailed or delivered by hand or by overnight
courier service, (y) as and to the extent set forth in Section 10.02(b) and in the proviso to this Section 10.02(a),
in an electronic medium and delivered as set forth in Section 10.02(b) or (z) as and to the extent expressly permitted
in this Agreement, transmitted by e-mail; provided that such e-mail shall in all cases include an attachment (in PDF format or
similar format) containing a legible signature of the person providing such notice, if to the Borrower, at its address at Two Newton
Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite 300, Newton, Massachusetts 02458, Attention: Jennifer B. Clark (and in the case of transmission
by e-mail, JClark@rmrgroup.com); if to any Initial Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office or, if applicable, at the e-mail address
specified opposite its name on Schedule I hereto (and in the case of a transmission by e-mail, with a copy by U.S. mail to its Domestic
Lending Office); if to any other Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office or, if applicable, at the e-mail address specified in the Assignment
and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (and in the case of a transmission by e-mail, with a copy by U.S. mail to its Domestic
Lending Office); and if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, at its address at 1615 Brett Road, OPS III, New Castle,
Delaware 19720, Attention: Bank Loan Syndications Department, or, if applicable, at agencyabtfsupport@citi.com (and in the case of a
transmission by e-mail, with a copy by U.S. mail to 1615 Brett Road, OPS III, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Attention: Bank Loan Syndications
Department) or, as to the Borrower or any Agent, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the
other parties and, as to each other party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent. All notices, demands, requests, consents and other communications described in this clause (a) shall
be effective (i) if delivered by hand, including any overnight courier service, upon personal delivery, (ii) if delivered by
mail, three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, (iii) if delivered by posting to an Approved Electronic Platform, an
Internet website or a similar telecommunication device requiring that a user have prior access to such Approved Electronic Platform,
website or other device (to the extent permitted by Section 10.02(b) to be delivered thereunder), when such notice, demand,
request, consent and other communication shall have been made generally available on such Approved Electronic Platform, Internet
website or similar device to the class of Person being notified (regardless of whether any such Person must accomplish, and whether or
not any such Person shall have accomplished, any action prior to obtaining access to such items, including registration, disclosure of
contact information, compliance with a standard user agreement or undertaking a duty of confidentiality) and such Person has been notified
in respect of such posting that a communication has been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform; provided that if requested
by any Lender, the Administrative Agent shall deliver a copy of the Communications to such Lender by e-mail and (iv) if delivered
by electronic mail or any other telecommunications device, upon receipt by the sender of a response from any one recipient, or from an
employee or representative of the Person receiving notice on behalf of such Person, acknowledging receipt (which response may not be
an automatic computer-generated response) and an identical notice is also sent simultaneously by mail, overnight courier or personal
delivery as otherwise provide in this Section 10.02; provided, however, that notices and communications to any Agent
pursuant to Article II, III or IX or to the Collateral Agent under the Collateral Documents shall not be effective until received
by such Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be. Delivery by electronic means of an executed counterpart of a signature page to
any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes or of any Exhibit hereto to be executed and delivered hereunder
shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart thereof. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative
Agent in writing of such Lenders e-mail address to which a notice may be sent by electronic transmission (including by electronic
communication) on or before the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter to ensure that the
Administrative Agent has on record an effective e-mail address for such Lender) and (ii) that any notice may be sent to such e-mail
address.

88

(b)Notwithstanding
clause (a) (unless the Administrative Agent requests that the provisions of clause (a) be followed) and any other
provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document providing for the delivery of any Approved Electronic Communication by any other
means, the Loan Parties shall deliver all Approved Electronic Communications to the Administrative Agent by properly transmitting such
Approved Electronic Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format acceptable to the Administrative Agent to oploanswebadmin@citigroup.com
or such other electronic mail address (or similar means of electronic delivery) as the Administrative Agent may notify to the Borrower.
Nothing in this clause (b) shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to deliver any Approved Electronic
Communication to any Loan Party in any manner authorized in this Agreement or to request that the Borrower effect delivery in such manner.

(c)Each
of the Lenders and each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Approved Electronic
Communications available to the Lenders by posting such Approved Electronic Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks,
Syndtrak, DebtX or a substantially similar electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission
system (the Approved Electronic Platform). Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal
are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to
time (including, as of the Closing Date, a dual firewall and a User ID/Password Authorization System) and the Approved Electronic Platform
is secured through a single-user-per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a
deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders and each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic
medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. In consideration
for the convenience and other benefits afforded by such distribution and for the other consideration provided hereunder, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Lenders and each Loan Party hereby approves distribution of the Approved Electronic
Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

(d)THE
APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE.
NONE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES WARRANT THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS
OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR ERRORS
OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM.

(e)Each
of the Lenders and each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not
be obligated to, store the Approved Electronic Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative
Agents generally-applicable document retention procedures and policies.

89

SECTION 10.03.No
Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or any Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder
or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein and therein provided are cumulative and
not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 10.04.Costs
and Expenses.

(a)Each
Loan Party agrees jointly and severally to pay on demand (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of each
Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Loan Documents (including,
without limitation, (A) all due diligence, Asset review, syndication, transportation, computer, duplication, appraisal, audit, insurance,
consultant, search, filing and recording fees and expenses, (B) the reasonable fees and expenses of one primary counsel (and if necessary
one local counsel per jurisdiction) for such Agent with respect thereto (including, without limitation, with respect to reviewing and
advising on any matters required to be completed by the Loan Parties on a post-closing basis), with respect to advising such Agent as
to its rights and responsibilities, or the perfection, protection or preservation of rights or interests, under the Loan Documents, with
respect to negotiations with any Loan Party or with other creditors of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any Default
or any events or circumstances that may give rise to a Default and with respect to presenting claims in or otherwise participating in
or monitoring any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding involving creditors rights generally and any proceeding ancillary
thereto and (C) the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for such Agent with respect to the preparation, execution, delivery and
review of any documents and instruments at any time delivered pursuant to Sections 3.01, 3.02, or 5.01(j) and (ii) all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of each Agent and each Lender in connection with the enforcement (whether through
negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of the Loan Documents, whether in any action, litigation, or any bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar proceeding affecting creditors rights generally (including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one primary counsel for such Agent and each Lender with respect thereto and (x) if necessary,
for one additional local counsel per jurisdiction and (y) in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel for
all similarly conflicted Agents and Lenders).

(b)Each
Loan Party agrees to indemnify, defend and save and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against, and shall pay on demand, any
and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of a single counsel
and (x) if necessary, for one additional local counsel per jurisdiction and (y) in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional
counsel for all similarly conflicted Agents and Lenders) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party,
in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation,
litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) (i) the Facilities, the actual or proposed use of the
proceeds of the Advances, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby or (ii) the actual or alleged presence
or release of Hazardous Materials on any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental Action relating in
any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in
a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Partys or its representatives
gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach in bad faith of such Indemnified Partys obligations hereunder or under any other
Loan Document. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.04(b) applies,
such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors,
shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party, whether or not any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not
the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are consummated. Each Loan Party also agrees not to assert any claim against any Agent,
any Lender or any of their respective Related Parties on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, incidental, consequential or
punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the Facilities, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, the
Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect
to Taxes, as to which Section 2.11 shall govern, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages and similar costs arising
from any non-Tax claim.

90

(c)If
any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Adjusted Term SOFR Advance is made by the Borrower to or for the account of a Lender
other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment or Conversion pursuant to Section 2.05,
2.08(b)(i), 2.09(d) or 2.16, replacement of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.18 or 10.01(b), termination of the Commitments pursuant
to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, or if the Borrower fails to make any payment or prepayment of an Advance for which a notice
of prepayment has been given or that is otherwise required to be made, whether pursuant to Section 2.03, 2.05, 6.01 or otherwise,
or a Benchmark Replacement occurs pursuant to Section 2.06(e), the Borrower shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such
demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate
such Lender for any losses, costs or expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or Conversion or such failure to
pay or prepay, as the case may be, including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment
of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.

(d)If
any Loan Party fails to pay when due (after giving effect to any extension of time or cure period provided for in or pursuant to the applicable
Loan Document) any costs, expenses or other amounts required to be paid by it under any Loan Document, including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of counsel and indemnities, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by any Agent or any Lender, in its
sole discretion.

(e)Without
prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, the agreements and obligations
of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties contained in Sections 2.09, 2.11, 7.06 and this Section 10.04 shall survive
the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under any of the other Loan Documents.

(f)No
Indemnified Party referred to in Section 10.04(b) shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients
of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems
in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

SECTION 10.05.Right
of Set-off. Upon (a) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (b) the making of the request
or the granting of the consent specified by Section 6.01 to authorize the Administrative Agent to declare the Notes due and payable
pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, each Agent and each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized
at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and otherwise apply any and all deposits (general
or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent, such Lender
or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations
of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether such Agent or such Lender
shall have made any demand under this Agreement or such Note or Notes and although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Agent and
each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower or such Loan Party after any such set-off and application; provided, however,
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Agent and each
Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 10.05 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without
limitation, other rights of set-off) that such Agent, such Lender and their respective Affiliates may have; provided, however,
that in the event that any Defaulting Lender exercises such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off will be paid over immediately
to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17(c) and, pending such
payment, will be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender will provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in
reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.

91

SECTION 10.06.Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower, each Guarantor named on the signature
pages hereto and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Initial Lender that such Initial Lender has executed
it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Guarantors named on the signature pages hereto
and each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that neither the Borrower nor any other
Loan Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders
and any other attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be null and void.

SECTION 10.07.Assignments
and Participations; Replacement Notes.

(a)Each
Lender may (and, if demanded by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.18 will) assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all
or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the
related Advances and any Note or Notes held by it); provided, however, that (i) each such assignment shall be of a
uniform, and not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under and in respect of one or more of the Facilities (ii) except
in the case of an assignment to a Person that, immediately prior to such assignment, was a Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender or a Fund
Affiliate of any Lender or an assignment of all of a Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, the aggregate amount
of the Commitments being assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment
and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $5,000,000 under the Facility or an integral multiple
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lesser amount as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default
under Section 6.01(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of effectiveness of such assignment, the
Borrower (which approval, in each case, shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and in the case of the Borrower,
such approval shall be deemed given if not denied in writing within seven (7) Business Days following a request therefor)), (iii) each
such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) each such assignment made as a result of a demand by the Borrower pursuant
to Section 2.18 or 2.09(b) shall be an assignment at par of all rights and obligations of the assigning Lender under this Agreement,
(v) no such assignments shall be permitted (A) until the Administrative Agent shall have notified the Lenders that syndication
of the Commitments hereunder has been completed, without the consent of the Administrative Agent, and (B) at any other time without
the consent of the Administrative and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or (f) shall have occurred
and be continuing at the time of effectiveness of such assignment, the Borrower (which consent, in each case, shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, and in the case of the Borrower, such consent shall be deemed given if not denied in writing within
seven (7) Business Days following a request therefor), except if such assignment is being made by a Lender to an Affiliate
or Fund Affiliate of such Lender, (vi) no such assignments shall be made to any Defaulting Lender or any of their respective subsidiaries,
or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause, and (vii) except
to the extent contemplated by Section 2.18 or 2.09(b), the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any Note or Notes subject to such
assignment and, except if such assignment is being made by a Lender to an Affiliate or Fund Affiliate of such Lender, a processing and
recordation fee of $3,500; provided, however, that (x) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion and without
the need for obtaining the consent of the Required Lenders, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment,
and (y) for each such assignment made as a result of a demand by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18 and 10.01(b), the Borrower
shall pay to the Administrative Agent the applicable processing and recordation fee. In connection with any assignment of rights and
obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment will be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions
thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount
sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations,
or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Advances previously requested but not funded by the
Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in
full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest
accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Advances in accordance with its
Pro Rata Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder
becomes effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this Section 10.07(a), then the assignee of such
interest will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

92

(b)Upon
such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, (i) the
assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant
to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (ii) the Lender assignor thereunder
shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish
its rights (other than its rights under Sections 2.09, 2.11, 7.06, 9.05 and 10.04 to the extent any claim thereunder relates to an
event arising prior to such assignment) and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and
Acceptance covering all of the remaining portion of an assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender
shall cease to be a party hereto).

(c)By
executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, each Lender assignor thereunder and each assignee thereunder confirm to and agree
with each other and the other parties thereto and hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance,
such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or
representations made in or in connection with any Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency
or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection
with, any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation
or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by
any Loan Party of any of its obligations under any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (iii) such
assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01
and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such
Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, such assigning Lender or any
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions
in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee
appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Loan
Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental
thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms
of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

(d)The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at its address referred
to in Section 10.02 a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of
the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitment under the Facility of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Advances
owing under the Facility to, each Lender from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall
be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection
by the Borrower or any Agent or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

93

(e)Upon
its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, together with any Note or Notes subject to
such assignment, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has been completed and is in substantially the form
of Exhibit D hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register
and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower and each other Agent. In the case of any assignment by a Lender, promptly after
its receipt of such notice, the Borrower, at its own expense, shall, if requested by the applicable Lender, execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent in exchange for the surrendered Note or Notes a substitute Note payable to such Eligible Assignee in an amount equal
to the portion of the outstanding Advances purchased by it and any unfunded Commitment assumed by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance
and, if any assigning Lender has retained any portion of the outstanding Advances or any unfunded Commitment hereunder, a substitute Note
payable to such assigning Lender in an amount equal to the portion of such Advances and unfunded Commitment retained by it hereunder.
Such substitute Note or Notes, if any, shall be in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such surrendered
Note or Notes, shall be dated the effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance and shall otherwise be in substantially the form of
Exhibit A hereto.

(f)With
respect to any Person that becomes a Disqualified Lender after the applicable date of an assignment (including as a result of the delivery
of a notice pursuant to, or the expiration of the notice period referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Lender),
(x) such Person shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender with respect to such assignment (but no further or
assignments or participations to such Person shall be permitted) and (y) the execution by the Borrower of an Assignment and Acceptance
with respect to such Person will not by itself result in such Person no longer being considered a Disqualified Lender. Any assignment
or participation in violation of this clause (f) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (f) shall apply.
The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to (A) post
the list of Disqualified Lenders provided by the Borrower and any updates thereto from time to time on the Approved Electronic Platform
or (B) provide the list of Disqualified Lenders to each Lender requesting the same.

(g)Each
Lender may sell participations to one or more Persons (other than any Loan Party; any Affiliate of a Loan Party; any Defaulting Lender;
any natural person; or any holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural
person) (each such Person, a Participant) in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitments, the Advances owing to it and the Note or Notes (if any)
held by it); provided, however, that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation,
its Commitments) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance
of such obligations, (iii) such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Note for all purposes of this Agreement, (iv) the
Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement, (v) no Participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any
amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except that any
agreement with respect to such participation may provide that such Participant may have a consent right regarding whether the applicable
Lender will approve of an amendment, waiver or consent to the extent such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of,
or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, or
postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in
each case to the extent subject to such participation, or release all or substantially all of the Collateral and (vi) a Participant
shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.09, 2.11, and 10.04(c) (subject to the requirements and limitations therein,
including the requirements under Sections 2.11(f) and 2.11(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under
Sections 2.11(f) and 2.11(g) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender
and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(a); provided, however, that such Participant
shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.09, 2.11, or 10.04(c) with respect to any participation
than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except, in the case of Sections 2.09 and 2.11 only, to the extent
such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in law or increased cost, as applicable, that occurs after the Participant
acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary
agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and
stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Advances or any other Obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant
Register); provided, however, that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of
such Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to any Participants interest in
any such Commitment, Advances or any other Obligations, under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure
is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Advance or other Obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this
Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative
Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

94

(h)Any
Lender may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 10.07,
disclose to the assignee or Participant or proposed assignee or Participant any information relating to the Loan Parties (or any of them)
furnished to such Lender by or on behalf of any Loan Party; provided, however, that prior to any such disclosure, the assignee
or Participant or proposed assignee or Participant shall agree to preserve the confidentiality of any Information received by it from
such Lender on the same terms as provided in Section 10.13.

(i)Notwithstanding
any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may at any time pledge or assign, or grant a security interest in all or any
portion of its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment of, or grant of a security interest
in, the Advances owing to such Lender and any Note or Notes held by it), including in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance
with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other central bank in accordance with applicable
local laws or regulations.

(j)Upon
notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or any Lender of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Lenders
Note, the Borrower will execute and deliver, in lieu of such original Note, a replacement promissory note, identical in form and substance
to, and dated as of the same date as, the Note so lost, stolen or mutilated, subject to delivery by such Lender to the Borrower of an
affidavit of lost note and indemnity in customary form. Upon the execution and delivery of the replacement Note, all references herein
or in any of the other Loan Documents to the lost, stolen or mutilated Note shall be deemed references to the replacement Note.

SECTION 10.08.Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by e-mail (with the executed counterpart of the signature
pages attached to the e-mail in .pdf format or similar format) shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart
of this Agreement. Copies of originals, including copies delivered by .pdf, or other electronic means, shall have the same import and
effect as original counterparts and shall be valid, enforceable and binding for the purposes of this Agreement. The words execution,
signed, signature, and words of like import shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic
records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar
state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative
Agent is under no obligation to accept an electronic signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative
Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. Without limitation of the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has
agreed to accept such electronic signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such electronic
signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any other party hereto without further verification and regardless of
the appearance or form of such electronic signature and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any electronic
signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Each Loan Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense
or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document based solely on the
lack of paper original copies of this Agreement and/or such other Loan Document and (ii) any claim against the Administrative Agent,
each Lender for any liabilities arising solely from such Persons reliance on or use of electronic signatures, including any liabilities
arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery
or transmission of any electronic signature.

95

SECTION 10.09.Severability.
In case one or more provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
under any applicable law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein or therein shall not
be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 10.10.Survival
of Representations. All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in any other Loan Document or made in writing
by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the Loan Documents, the making of the Advances and any investigation made by or on behalf of the any Lender, none of which investigations
shall diminish any Lenders right to rely on such representations and warranties.

SECTION 10.11.Usury
Not Intended. It is the intent of the Borrower and each Lender in the execution and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents to contract in strict compliance with applicable usury laws, including conflicts of law concepts, governing the Advances of
each Lender including such applicable laws of the State of New York and the United States of America from time to time in effect. In
furtherance thereof, the Lenders and the Borrower stipulate and agree that none of the terms and provisions contained in this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents shall ever be construed to create a contract to pay, as consideration for the use forbearance or detention
of money, interest at a rate in excess of the Maximum Rate and that for purposes hereof interest shall include the aggregate
of all charges which constitute interest under such laws that are contracted for, taken, charged, received, reserved or paid under this
Agreement; and in the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, under any circumstances the aggregate amounts contracted for, taken,
charged, received, reserved or paid on the Advances, include amounts which, by applicable law, are deemed interest which would exceed
the Maximum Rate, then such excess shall be deemed to be a mistake and, each Lender receiving the same shall credit the same on the principal
of the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents (or if such Obligations shall have been paid in full, refund said excess
to the Borrower). In the event that the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents are accelerated by reason of any Event of
Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes
interest may never include more than the Maximum Rate and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall
be canceled automatically as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited on the principal
of the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents (or, if such Obligations shall have been paid in full, refunded to the Borrower).
In determining whether or not the interest paid or payable under any specific contingencies exceeds the Maximum Rate, the Borrower and
the Lenders shall to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law amortize, prorate, allocate and spread in equal parts during the
period of the full stated term of the Facility all amounts considered to be interest under applicable law at any time contracted for,
taken, charged, received, reserved or paid in connection with the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents. The provisions
of this Section shall control over all other provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents which may be in apparent conflict
herewith.

96

SECTION 10.12.Intentionally
Omitted.

SECTION 10.13.Confidentiality.

(a)Each
of the Agents and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may
be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to
whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or any
such Related Party (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) or any pledgee
in connection with any pledge made pursuant to Section 10.07(i), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations
or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement
of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) to the extent required for the purposes of establishing a due diligence defense
or a defense against a claim that such Agent or Lender has breached its confidentiality obligations, (vii) subject to an agreement
containing provisions at least as restrictive as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (B) any actual or prospective party (or
its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and
its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (viii) on a confidential basis to (A) any rating agency in connection
with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the Facility, (B) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with
the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Facility or (C) external auditors as may be required by a Lenders
policies or policies of any governmental or quasi-governmental entity affecting a Lender, (ix) with the consent of the Borrower
or (x) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13
or any other written confidentiality obligation owing to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) becomes available
to such Agent, such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Parent Guarantor
or any of its Subsidiaries without such Agent, such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates having knowledge that a duty of confidentiality
to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries has been breached, (C) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto
without utilizing any Information received from or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries or violating the terms of this
Section or any other written confidentiality obligation owing to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; or (D) to
the extent required by a potential or actual insurer or reinsurer in connection with providing insurance, reinsurance or credit risk
mitigation coverage under which payments are to be made or may be made by reference to this Agreement. In addition, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar
service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration
of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information
that any Loan Party furnishes to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with any Loan Document or the Transactions, but
does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than by way of a breach of the confidentiality
provisions of this Section 10.13 (or any other written confidentiality obligation owing to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries)
or that is or becomes available to the Administrative Agent or such Lender from a source other than the Loan Parties or the Administrative
Agent or any Lender and not known by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be in violation of any confidentiality agreement with
respect to such information. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall
be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

97

(b)Certain
of the Lenders may enter into this Agreement and take or not take action hereunder or under the other Loan Documents on the basis of information
that does not contain material non-public information with respect to any of the Parent Guarantor, any or its Subsidiaries or their respective
securities (Restricting Information). Other Lenders may enter into this Agreement and take or not take action
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents on the basis of information that may contain Restricting Information. Each Lender acknowledges
that United States federal and state securities laws prohibit any person from purchasing or selling securities on the basis of material,
non-public information concerning the issuer of such securities or, subject to certain limited exceptions, from communicating such information
to any other Person. None of any Agent or any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall, by making any Communications
(including Restricting Information) available to a Lender, by participating in any conversations or other interactions with a Lender or
otherwise, make or be deemed to make any statement with regard to or otherwise warrant that any such information or Communication does
or does not contain Restricting Information nor shall any Agent or any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees be responsible
or liable in any way for any decision a Lender may make to limit or to not limit its access to Restricting Information. In particular,
none of any Agent or any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees (i) shall have, and each Agent, on behalf of
itself and each of its directors, officers, agents and employees, hereby disclaims, any duty to ascertain or inquire as to whether or
not a Lender has or has not limited its access to Restricting Information, such Lenders policies or procedures regarding the safeguarding
of material, nonpublic information or such Lenders compliance with applicable laws related thereto or (ii) shall have, or
incur, any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, agents or employees arising
out of or relating to any Agent or any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees providing or not providing Restricting
Information to any Lender, other than as found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of any Agent or any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees or breach in bad faith of such Agents
obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

(c)Each
Loan Party agrees that (i) all Communications it provides to any Agent intended for delivery to the Lenders whether by posting to
the Approved Electronic Platform or otherwise shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC if such Communications are
determined by the Loan Parties in good faith not to contain Restricting Information which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC
shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (ii) by marking Communications PUBLIC, each Loan Party shall
be deemed to have authorized the Agents and the Lenders to treat such Communications as either publicly available information or not material
information (although such Communications shall remain subject to the confidentiality undertakings of Section 10.13(a)) with respect
to such Loan Party or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws, (iii) all Communications marked
PUBLIC may be delivered to all Lenders and may be made available through a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform designated
Public Side Information and (iv) the Agents shall be entitled to treat any Communications that are not marked PUBLIC
as Restricting Information and may post such Communications to a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform not designated Public
Side Information (and shall not post such Communications to a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform designated Public
Side Information). Neither Agent nor any of its respective Affiliates shall be responsible for any statement or other designation
by a Loan Party regarding whether a Communication contains or does not contain material non-public information with respect to any of
the Loan Parties or their securities nor shall the Agents or any of their respective Affiliates incur any liability to any Loan Party,
any Lender or any other Person for any action taken by any Agent or any of its respective Affiliates based upon such statement or designation,
including any action as a result of which Restricting Information is provided to a Lender that may decide not to take access to Restricting
Information. Nothing in this Section 10.13(c) shall modify or limit a Persons obligations under Section 10.13 with
regard to Communications and the maintenance of the confidentiality of or other treatment of Information.

98

(d)Each
Lender acknowledges that circumstances may arise that require it to refer to Communications that might contain Restricting Information.
Accordingly, each Lender agrees that it will nominate at least one designee to receive Communications (including Restricting Information)
on its behalf and identify such designee (including such designees contact information) in writing to the Administrative Agent.
Each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time of such Lenders designees e-mail address to which
notice of the availability of Restricting Information may be sent by electronic transmission.

(e)Each
Lender acknowledges that Communications delivered hereunder and under the other Loan Documents may contain Restricting Information and
that such Communications are available to all Lenders generally. Each Lender that elects not to take access to Restricting Information
does so voluntarily and, by such election, acknowledges and agrees that the Agents and other Lenders may have access to Restricting Information
that is not available to such electing Lender. Each such electing Lender acknowledges the possibility that, due to its election not to
take access to Restricting Information, it may not have access to any Communications (including, without being limited to, the items required
to be made available to the Administrative Agent in Section 5.03 unless or until such Communications (if any) have been filed or
incorporated into documents which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Parent Guarantor). None of the Loan
Parties, Agents or any Lender with access to Restricting Information shall have any duty to disclose such Restricting Information to such
electing Lender or to use such Restricting Information on behalf of such electing Lender, and shall not be liable for the failure to so
disclose or use, such Restricting Information.

(f)Sections 10.13(b),
(c), (d) and (e) are designed to assist the Agents, the Lenders and the Loan Parties, in complying with their respective Contractual
Obligations and applicable law in circumstances where certain Lenders express a desire not to receive Restricting Information notwithstanding
that certain Communications hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or other information provided to the Lenders hereunder or thereunder
may contain Restricting Information. None of any Agent or any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees warrants or
makes any other statement with respect to the adequacy of such provisions to achieve such purpose nor does any Agent or any of its respective
directors, officers, agents or employees warrant or make any other statement to the effect that a Loan Partys or Lenders
adherence to such provisions will be sufficient to ensure compliance by such Loan Party or Lender with its Contractual Obligations or
its duties under applicable law in respect of Restricting Information and each of the Lenders and each Loan Party assumes the risks associated
therewith.

SECTION 10.14.Release
of Collateral and Guarantees.

(a)Upon
(i) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of any item of Collateral of any Loan Party to a Person that is not, and is not
required to become, a Loan Party, (ii) a sale of the Equity Interests in the Loan Party that owns such Collateral or (iii) upon
a Guarantor no longer constituting a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor in a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, then, in
such event, the Liens granted to secure the Obligations in such assets shall terminate, and, in the cases of clause (ii) and (iii),
the Guaranty of such Guarantor shall terminate (provided that there are no amounts then owing by such Guarantor under such Guaranty and
that neither such transaction nor such termination shall result in an Event of Default). The Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the
Collateral Agent to, upon such sale, lease, transfer or other disposition, and the Collateral Agent will, at the Borrowers expense,
execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of
such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents and/or of such Guarantor from
its Guaranty (provided that there are no amounts then owing by such Guarantor under such Guaranty and that neither such transaction nor
such termination shall result in an Event of Default), in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents.

(b)Upon
the Date of Full Satisfaction, the Liens granted by the Collateral Documents shall automatically terminate and all rights to the Collateral
shall revert to the applicable Loan Party. Upon any such termination, the Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent to,
and the Collateral Agent will, at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Parties such documents as such
Loan Parties shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

99

SECTION 10.15.Intentionally
Omitted.

SECTION 10.16.Patriot
Act Notification; Anti-Money Laundering Act; Beneficial Ownership. Each Lender and each Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any
Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that (a) pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and other Anti-Corruption Laws
and anti-terrorism laws and regulations, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which
information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or such Agent, as applicable,
to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act and such other Anti-Corruption Laws and anti-terrorism laws and regulations
and (b) pursuant to the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required, to the extent that the Borrower qualifies as a legal
entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to obtain a Beneficial Ownership Certification in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement. The Parent Guarantor and the Borrower shall, and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to,
provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by any Agent or any
Lender to assist such Agent or Lender in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act and other Anti-Corruption Laws and anti-terrorism
laws and regulations including Sanctions and the Trading with the Enemy Act.

SECTION 10.17.Jurisdiction,
Etc.

(a)Each
of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or other proceeding
of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, against any Agent, any Lender or any other Indemnified Party in any
forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern
District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof and each of the Loan Parties irrevocably and
unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts, and each of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees
that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such New York State court or,
to the extent permitted or required by law, in such Federal court. Each of the Loan Parties agrees that a final judgment in any such action
or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
law. Nothing in this agreement shall (i) affect any right that any Agent, any Lender or any other Indemnified Party may otherwise
have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in the courts
of any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, in connection with the exercise of any rights under any Loan Document or against any
Collateral or the enforcement of any judgment), and each Loan Party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of, and consents to venue in, any
such court, (ii) waive any statutory, regulatory, common law, or other rule, doctrine, legal restriction, provision or the like providing
for the treatment of bank branches, bank agencies, or other bank offices as if they were separate juridical entities for certain purposes,
including Uniform Commercial Code Sections 4-106, 4-A-105(1)(b), and 5-116(b), UCP 600 Article 3 and ISP98 Rule 2.02, and URDG
758 Article 3(a), or (iii) affect which courts have or do not have personal jurisdiction over the issuing bank or beneficiary
of any letter of credit or any advising bank, nominated bank or assignee of proceeds thereunder or proper venue with respect to any litigation
arising out of or relating to such letter of credit with, or affecting the rights of, any Person not a party to this Agreement, whether
or not such letter of credit contains its own jurisdiction submission clause.

(b)Each
of the Loan Parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection
that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any litigation, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in any New York State or Federal court sitting in the City, County and State
of New York. Each of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

100

SECTION 10.18.Actions
in Concert; Enforcement by the Agents. Notwithstanding anything contained in any of the Loan Documents, the Parent Guarantor, the
Borrower, each other Guarantor, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (a) no Lender shall have any right individually to
realize upon any of the Collateral under any Collateral Documents or to enforce the guarantee set forth in the Guaranty, it being understood
and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Guaranty and the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the applicable
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with their respective terms and (b) in the event of a foreclosure by
the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser
of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any
Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing), shall
be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral
sold in any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral
payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale.

SECTION 10.19.Governing
Law. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, but not limited to, the validity, interpretation, construction, breach,
enforcement or termination hereof and thereof, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

SECTION 10.20.WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES, THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE ADVANCES OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER PARTY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT
THEREOF.

SECTION 10.21.No
Fiduciary Duties. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary
or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate
thereof, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its stockholders or its Affiliates, on the other. The Loan Parties agree that the transactions
contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial
transactions. Each Loan Party agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and
that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each
of the Loan Parties acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may
have interests in, or may be providing or may in the future provide financial or other services to other parties with interests which
a Loan Party may regard as conflicting with its interests and may possess information (whether or not material to the Loan Parties) other
than as a result of (w) the Administrative Agent acting as administrative agent hereunder, (x) the Collateral Agent acting
as the collateral agent hereunder or (y) the Lenders acting in their respective capacities as such hereunder, that the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent or any such Lender may not be entitled to share with any Loan Party. Without prejudice to the foregoing,
each of the Loan Parties agrees that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may
(a) deal (whether for its own or its customers account) in, or advise on, securities of any Person, and (b) accept deposits
from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind
of business with other Persons in each case, as if the Administrative Agent were not the Administrative Agent, as if the Collateral Agent
were not the Collateral Agent, and as if the Lenders were not Lenders, and without any duty to account therefor to the Loan Parties.
Each of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably waives, in favor of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and/or the Lenders and
the Arrangers, any conflict of interest which may arise by virtue of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers, the
Co-Syndication Agents and/or the Lenders acting in various capacities under the Loan Documents or for other customers of the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Arranger or any Lender as described in this Section 10.21.

101

SECTION 10.22.Intentionally
Omitted.

SECTION 10.23.Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and
Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; or

(iii)the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

SECTION 10.24.Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement
or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported
QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together
with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported
QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in
fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

(a)In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such
QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply
to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater
extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, rights and remedies
of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported
QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

102

(b)As
used in this Section 10.24, the following terms have the following meanings:

(i)BHC
Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

(ii)Covered
Entity means any of the following:

(A)a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(B)a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(C)a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

(iii)Default
Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81,
47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

(iv)QFC
has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

[Balance of page intentionally left blank]

103

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers or representatives thereunto duly authorized, as of the
date first above written.

BORROWER:

THE RMR GROUP LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/ Jennifer B. Clark

Name: Jennifer B. Clark

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

PARENT GUARANTOR:

THE RMR GROUP INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Jennifer B. Clark

Name: Jennifer B. Clark

Title: Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary

ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR:

RMR RESIDENTIAL MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

By: /s/ Jennifer B. Clark

Name: Jennifer B. Clark

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Signature Page

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, COLLATERAL AGENT, INITIAL LENDER:

CITIBANK, N.A.

By: /s/ Christopher J. Albano

Name: Christopher J. Albano

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page

INITIAL LENDERS:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

By: /s/ Cheryl Sneor

Name: Cheryl Sneor

Title: Vice President

Signature Page

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/
Shari L. Reams-Henofer

Name: Shari L. Reams-Henofer

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254142d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

The RMR Group Enters New $100 Million Revolving
Credit Facility

New Facility Enhances Financial Flexibility
to Invest in Private Capital Initiatives

Newton, MA (January 22, 2025):
The RMR Group (Nasdaq: RMR) today announced that it has entered into a new $100 million senior secured revolving credit facility.
The initial maturity date of the new credit facility is January 22, 2028, and it includes a one-year extension at RMRs option,
subject to payment of extension fees and satisfaction of other customary conditions. Amounts drawn under the new credit facility bear
interest at a variable rate based on SOFR plus a margin of 2.25% per annum. Undrawn amounts under the new credit facility incur a fee
of 0.50% per annum. The new credit facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of RMR and will be used for general corporate
purposes.

Matthew Jordan, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of RMR, made the following statement:

We appreciate the support of our bank group and their
commitments to RMR. While RMR generates robust cash flow and has ample cash on hand to fund potential investments in the near term, this
credit facility provides us with greater financial flexibility as we continue to invest in our private capital initiatives and position
RMR to capitalize on long term growth opportunities.

As part of its strategic initiative to expand
its private capital business, over the past year RMR acquired a residential platform with private capital assets under management of
more than $5 billion and began to seed a private capital residential portfolio, closing its first multifamily investment for a purchase
price of $70 million. Additionally, RMR created a private capital debt vehicle, currently consisting of $67 million in aggregate loan
commitments.

Citibank, N.A. is the Administrative and Collateral
Agent for the new credit facility. Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association are the Joint Lead Arrangers.

About The RMR Group

The RMR Group is a leading U.S. alternative asset
management company, unique for its focus on commercial real estate (CRE) and related businesses. RMRs vertical integration is
supported by over 1,000 real estate professionals in more than 35 offices nationwide who manage nearly $41 billion in assets under management
and leverage more than 35 years of institutional experience in buying, selling, financing and operating CRE. RMR benefits from a scalable
platform, a deep and experienced management team and a diversity of direct real estate strategies across its clients. RMR is headquartered
in Newton, MA and was founded in 1986. For more information, please visit rmrgroup.com.

WARNING REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release includes forward-looking statements
that are within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws that are subject to risks
and uncertainties. These statements may include words such as believe, could, driving, estimate,
expect, goal, intend, may, plan, project, seek,
should, will, would, considering, and negative or derivatives of these or similar
expressions. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding our business strategy and related benefits,
our performance, plans, expectations and objectives and our ability to capitalize on additional growth opportunities. Investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties and are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated
due to a number of risks and uncertainties. For example, there can be no assurance that:

RMR will continue to generate robust cash flow and have ample cash on hand
to fund potential investments in the near term;

the borrower will satisfy certain financial covenants and other credit facility
conditions to enable it to borrow under the new credit facility;

the borrower will satisfy certain customary conditions to exercise the option
to extend the maturity date of the new credit facility subject to the payment of an extension fee; and

actual costs under the new credit facility will not be higher than expected
due to fees and expenses associated with such debt.

These factors should not be construed as exhaustive
and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that are included in RMRs periodic filings. The information
contained in RMRs filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including under the caption Risk
Factors in its periodic reports, or incorporated therein, identifies important factors that could cause differences from the forward-looking
statements in this press release. RMRs filings with the SEC are available on its website and at www.sec.gov. You should not place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, RMR undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Contact: 

Kevin Barry, Senior Director, Investor Relations

(617) 796-8230 

(End)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rmr-20250122.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rmr-20250122_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rmr-20250122_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm254142d1_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37616

Entity Registrant Name RMR Group Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001644378

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4122583

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One Two Newton Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two 255 Washington Street

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Newton

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02458-1634

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 796-8230

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol RMR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://reitmr.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rmr-20250122.xsd 
rmr-20250122_lab.xml 
rmr-20250122_pre.xml 
tm254142d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-005461-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm254142d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001644378 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001644378 
8-K 
2025-01-22 
RMR Group Inc. 
MD 
001-37616 
47-4122583 
Two Newton Place 
255 Washington Street 
Suite 300 
Newton 
MA 
02458-1634 
617 
796-8230 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
RMR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>