<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-008001.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-008001.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311091212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-008001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERISIGN INC/CA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001014473
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				943221585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23593
		FILM NUMBER:		25726033

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12061 BLUEMONT WAY
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GENERAL COUNSEL
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7039483200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12061 BLUEMONT WAY
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GENERAL COUNSEL
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

falseVERISIGN INC/CA0001014473NASDAQ00010144732025-03-112025-03-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):March 11, 2025

VERISIGN, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

000-23593

94-3221585

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

12061 Bluemont Way,

Reston, Virginia 

20190

(Address of principle executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(703) 948-3200

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Per Share

VRSN

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On March 4, 2025, VeriSign, Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., with respect to a registered offering (the Offering) of $500 million aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.250% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes). The
Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The Offering has been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-285483)
of the Company (the Registration Statement), and the prospectus supplement dated March 4, 2025 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on March
6, 2025. The Offering is expected to close on March 11, 2025. The legal opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP related to the Offering pursuant to the
Registration Statement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The Company expects that the net proceeds from the Offering will be approximately $493.3 million, after deducting the underwriters discounts and the estimated expenses of the
Offering. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering, together with cash on hand, to repay its $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.250% Senior Notes due 2025 upon their maturity on April 1, 2025.

The Notes will be issued pursuant to the Indenture (the Base Indenture), dated as of June 8, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National
Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture (the Supplemental Indenture), to be dated as of March 11, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee. The
Notes will be represented by a global security, a form of which is included as an exhibit to the Supplemental Indenture. A copy of the Base Indenture was previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of June
8, 2021. The form of Supplemental Indenture and the form of global note are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

Exhibit 1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 4, 2025, by and among VeriSign, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

Exhibit 4.1 

Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, to be dated March 11, 2025, between VeriSign, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee

Exhibit 4.2 

Form of Global Note representing the 5.250% Senior Notes due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.1)

Exhibit 5.1 

Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP relating to the Offering

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

Exhibit 104 

Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VERISIGN, INC.

/s/ Thomas C. Indelicarto

Thomas C. Indelicarto

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Dated: March 11, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

$500,000,000

VeriSign, Inc.

5.250% Senior Notes due 2032

Underwriting Agreement

March 4, 2025

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

As Representatives of the

several Underwriters listed

in Schedule 1 hereto

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

c/o BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

c/o U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen:

VeriSign, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are
acting as representatives (the Representatives), $500,000,000 principal amount of its 5.250% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Securities). The Securities will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of June 8, 2021 (the Base
Indenture) between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
June 8, 2021 (the First Supplemental Indenture) between the Company and the Trustee, as further supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture to be dated as of March 11, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and together with
the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture) between the Company and the Trustee. To the extent there are no additional Underwriters named in Schedule 1 hereto other than you, the term Representatives as used
herein shall mean you, as Underwriters, and the terms Representatives and Underwriters shall mean either the singular or plural as the context requires.

The Company hereby confirms its agreement with the several Underwriters concerning the purchase and sale of the Securities, as follows:

1. Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285483), including a prospectus, relating to the Securities. Such registration statement, as
amended at the time it became effective, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement at the time of its effectiveness (Rule 430 Information),

is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. A base prospectus that omits Rule 430 Information was included in the Registration Statement at the time of its effectiveness, which, as supplemented from time to time, will be used in
connection with offerings of securities, including the Securities (the Base Prospectus). As used herein, the term Preliminary Prospectus means each preliminary prospectus supplement specifically relating to the Securities, together with
the Base Prospectus (and any amendments thereto) filed pursuant to Rule 424(b), and any prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) under the Securities Act, and the term Prospectus means the prospectus supplement, together with
the Base Prospectus, in the form first used (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) in connection with confirmation of sales of the Securities. If the Company has filed an abbreviated
registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (the Rule 462 Registration Statement), then any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such Rule 462 Registration
Statement. Any reference in this agreement (this Agreement) to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to
Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, as of the effective date of the Registration Statement or the date of such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be and any reference to amend, amendment or supplement
with respect to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents filed after such date under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

At or prior to 1:40 p.m., New York City time, on the date hereof, the time when sales of the Securities were first made (the Time of Sale), the Company had prepared the following
information (collectively, the Time of Sale Information): a Preliminary Prospectus dated March 4, 2025, and each free-writing prospectus (as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act) listed on Annex A hereto.

2

2. Purchase and Sale of the Securities.

(a) The Company agrees to issue and sell the Securities to the several Underwriters as provided in this agreement (this Agreement), and each Underwriter, on the basis of the
representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective principal amount of Securities set forth opposite such
Underwriter's name in Schedule 1 hereto at a price equal to 98.956% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest, if any, from March 11, 2025 to the Closing Date (as defined below). The Company will not be obligated to deliver any of the
Securities except upon payment for all the Securities to be purchased as provided herein.

(b) The Company understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the Securities as soon after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the
Representatives is advisable, and initially to offer the Securities on the terms set forth in the Time of Sale Information. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell Securities to or through any affiliate of an
Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Securities purchased by it to or through any Underwriter.

(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Underwriter is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the offering of
Securities contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, neither the Representatives nor
any other Underwriter is advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be
responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Underwriters shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto. Any review by the Representatives or
any Underwriter of the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Representatives or such Underwriter, as the case may be, and shall not be on behalf
of the Company or any other person.

(d) Payment for and delivery of the Securities will be made at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on March 11, 2025, or at such other time or
place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Representatives and the Company may agree upon in writing. The time and date of such payment and delivery is referred to herein as the Closing Date.

(e) Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account(s) specified by the Company to the Representatives against delivery to the nominee
of The Depository Trust Company (DTC), for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing the Securities (collectively, the Global Note), with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of
the Securities duly paid by the Company. The Global Note will be made available for inspection by the Representatives not later than 1:00 P.M., New York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date.

3

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter that:

(a) Preliminary Prospectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has been issued by
the Commission, and each Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact (other than Rule
430 Information) necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements
or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus.

(b) Time of Sale Information. The Time of Sale Information, at the Time of Sale did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation
or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus. No statement of material fact included in the Prospectus has been omitted from the Time of Sale Information and no statement of material fact included in the Time of Sale
Information that is required to be included in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom.

(c) IssuerFree Writing Prospectus. The Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the
Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clauses (i) (ii) and (iii)
below) an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act, (ii) the Preliminary Prospectus, (iii) the
Prospectus, (iv) the documents listed on Annex A hereto, including a Pricing Term Sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto, which constitute part of the Time of Sale Information and (v) any electronic road show or other written
communications, in each case approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complies in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule
433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and, when taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to delivery of, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, at the Time of Sale,
did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any
Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

4

(d) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement as defined under Rule 405 of
the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof; and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of such registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received by the Company. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A
of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering has been initiated or threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, the Registration Statement
complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Trust Indenture Act), and did not and
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or
supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to (i) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) of the
Trustee under the Trust Indenture Act or (ii) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives
expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

(e) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Time of Sale
Information, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Any further documents incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Time of Sale Information, when such
documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

5

(f) Financial Statements. The financial statements and the related notes thereto included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and present fairly in all material respects the financial
position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their cash flows for the periods specified; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby (except as otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments), and the supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Time of Sale Information present fairly the information required to be stated therein; and the
other financial information included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus has been derived from the accounting records of the Company and its subsidiaries and presents
fairly in all material respects the information shown thereby. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the
Time of Sale Information fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(g) No Material Adverse Change. Except as disclosed in each of the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, since the date of the most recent
financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, (i) there has not been any adverse change in the capital stock or long-term debt of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, set aside for payment, paid or made by the Company on any class of capital stock, or any material adverse change, or any development involving a
prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the business, assets (including intellectual property), operations or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; (ii) neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has entered into any transaction or agreement or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent; and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sustained any loss or interference with its business from fire,
explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor disturbance or dispute or any action, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii) above, as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below).

6

(h) Organization and Good Standing. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have been duly organized and are validly existing and in good standing
(or the equivalent thereof with respect to the law of foreign countries, if applicable) under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, are duly qualified to do business and are in good standing (or the equivalent thereof with
respect to the law of foreign countries, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such qualification, and have all power and authority
necessary to own or hold their respective properties and to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged, except where the failure to be so qualified, in good standing (or the equivalent thereof with respect to the law of foreign countries, if
applicable) or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole or on the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement and the Securities (a Material Adverse Effect). The subsidiaries of the Company listed on Schedule 2 hereto are the only Significant
Subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31, 2024.

(i) Capitalization. The Company has the capitalization as set forth in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Prospectus under the heading Capitalization; and all the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each subsidiary of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable (except,
in the case of any foreign subsidiary, for directors qualifying shares) and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, restriction on voting or transfer or any other claim
of any third party (except as otherwise described in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus).

(j) Due Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Securities and the
Indenture (collectively, the Transaction Documents) and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery of each of the Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby has been duly and validly taken.

(k) The Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company and on the Closing Date will be duly executed and delivered by the Company
and, when duly executed and delivered in accordance with its terms by each of the parties thereto, will constitute a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions);

and on the Closing Date the Indenture will conform in all material respects to the requirements of, and be qualified under, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission
applicable to an indenture that is qualified thereunder.

7

(l) The Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Company and, when duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered as provided
in the Indenture and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to
the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

(m) Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(n) Descriptions of the Transaction Documents. Each Transaction Document conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in
each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus.

(o) No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational
documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any property, right or asset of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is subject; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of clauses (i) (other than with respect to the
Company and its Significant Subsidiaries), (ii) and (iii) above, for any such default or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance
and sale of the Securities and compliance by the Company with the terms thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or
provisions of, or constitute a default under, result in the termination, modification or acceleration of, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property, right or asset of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any
property, right or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) result in
the violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above, for any such conflict, breach, violation,
default, lien, charge or encumbrance that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(q) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and compliance by the Company with the
terms thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except for (i) the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act, (ii) the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act and
(iii) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable state securities laws in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters.

(r) Legal Proceedings. Except as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, there are no
legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings (Actions) pending to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be a party or to which any property or asset of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is or may be the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; to the best knowledge of the Company,
no Actions are threatened or contemplated by any governmental or regulatory authority or by others that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (i)
there are no current or pending Actions that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that are not so described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Prospectus and (ii) there are no statutes, regulations or contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
that are not so filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus.

(s) Independent Accountants. KPMG LLP, which has audited certain financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, is an independent
registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and as required by the
Securities Act.

(t) Real and Personal Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or
otherwise use, all items of real and personal property that are material to the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims and defects and imperfections of title except
those that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries or (ii) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(u) Intellectual Property. (i) The Company and its subsidiaries own or have the right to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks, service
marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, domain names, copyrights and copyrightable works, know-how, trade secrets, proprietary technology and all other worldwide intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual
Property) material to the conduct of their respective businesses; (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries conduct of their respective businesses does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any
Intellectual Property of any person, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have not received any written notice of any claim relating to Intellectual Property; and (iv)
to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property of the Company and its subsidiaries is not being infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated by any person, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(v) No Undisclosed Relationships. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, or other affiliates of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and that
is not so described in such documents and in the Time of Sale Information.

(w) Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application
of the proceeds thereof as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus will not be, required to register under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(x) Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have paid all federal, state, local and foreign taxes and filed all tax returns required to be paid or
filed through the date hereof, subject to permitted extensions; and except as otherwise disclosed in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Company, there is no tax deficiency
that has been, or could reasonably be expected to be, asserted against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except any of the foregoing which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(y) Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, sub-licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued
by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary under applicable law for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the
conduct of their respective businesses as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, except where the failure to possess or make the same would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or except as described in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus; and except as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license, sub-license, certificate, permit or authorization or has any reason to believe that any such license, certificate, permit or
authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course, except for any of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(z) No Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the best knowledge
of the Company, is contemplated or threatened and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by, or dispute with, the employees of any of the Companys or any of the Companys subsidiaries principal suppliers,
contractors or customers, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation or termination with respect to any collective
bargaining agreement to which it is a party.

(aa) Compliance with Environmental Laws. (i) None of the Company and its subsidiaries has failed to comply with any applicable federal, state, local
and foreign laws, rules, regulations, requirements, and orders relating to the protection of the environment, natural resources, hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws) or to obtain,
maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Laws; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have not received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to any Environmental Laws,
including for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any
such notice; and (iii) there are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws of or relating to the Company or its subsidiaries, except in the case of each of (i), (ii) and (iii) above, for any such failure to comply, or failure to
receive required permits, licenses or approvals, or cost or liability, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries are not aware of any issues regarding
compliance with Environmental Laws, or liabilities or other obligations under Environmental Laws or concerning hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company and its subsidiaries, and none of the Company and its subsidiaries anticipates material capital expenditures relating to any Environmental Laws.

(bb) Compliance with ERISA. (i) Each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended (ERISA), for which the Company or any member of the Controlled Group (defined as any organization that together with the Company is treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code)) would have any liability (each, a Plan) has been maintained in compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the
Code; (ii) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any Plan, excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; (iii) for each
Plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no Plan has failed (whether or not waived), or is reasonably expected to fail, to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 302
of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code) applicable to such Plan; (iv) no Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 303(i) of ERISA) or endangered status or critical status (within the meaning of
Section 305 of ERISA); (v) the fair market value of the assets of each Plan exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such Plan (determined based on those assumptions used to fund such Plan); (vi) no reportable event (within the
meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Plan; (vii) each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified, and nothing has occurred, whether by
action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification and (viii) neither the Company nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred, nor reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than
contributions to the Plan or premiums to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation, in the ordinary course and without default) in respect of a Plan (including a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), except in
each case with respect to the events or conditions set forth in (i) through (viii) hereof, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(cc) Disclosure Controls. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, maintains an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the
Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, has carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as required by
Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act.

(dd) Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company and its subsidiaries
maintain internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, to
the Companys best knowledge there are no material weaknesses in the Companys internal controls.

12

(ee) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries have insurance covering their respective properties, operations, personnel and businesses, which
insurance is in amounts and insures against such losses and risks as the Company believes in its reasonable judgment are adequate in all material respects to protect the Company and its subsidiaries and their respective businesses; and neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) received notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that capital improvements or other expenditures are required or necessary to be made in order to continue such insurance or (ii) any reason to
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage at reasonable cost from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.

(ff) No Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee,
agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made an
offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or
any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended, or of any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United
Kingdom, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its
subsidiaries have instituted, maintain and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.

(gg) Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted in compliance in all
material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including any applicable requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all
jurisdictions where the Company or any of its subsidiaries conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency
(collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the
Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

13

(hh) No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
employee, agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations
Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries
located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including without limitation, each of the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic, the non-government controlled areas of
the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions and the Crimea region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria (each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Securities
hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or
facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating
in the transactions contemplated by this agreement, whether as underwriter, initial purchaser, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, and are not now
knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country, except where the Company and its subsidiaries
reasonably believed or believe that its or their engagement in such dealings or transactions with such persons or with any such Sanctioned Country is or was permitted under applicable law, including pursuant to a license or applicable
authorization.

(ii) No Restrictions on Subsidiaries. No subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, under any agreement or other
instrument to which it is a party or is subject, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such subsidiarys capital stock or similar ownership interest, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to
such subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such subsidiarys properties or assets to the Company or any other subsidiary of the Company, except for any such restrictions (a) contained in the credit agreement, dated as of December
12, 2019, among the Company, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as London Agent, (b) contained in the indenture, dated as of April 16, 2013, between the Company and U.S.
Bank National Association, as trustee, or (c) that will be permitted by the Indenture.

(jj) No Broker's Fees. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other
than this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against any of them or any Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finder's fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

(kk) No Registration Rights. No person has the right to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register any securities for sale under the
Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission or the issuance and sale of the Securities.

14

(ll) No Stabilization. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or
result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities.

(mm) Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) included or incorporated by reference in any of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(nn) Industry Statistical and Market Data. Nothing has come to the attention of the Company that has caused the Company to believe that the industry
statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus is not based on or derived from sources that are reliable and accurate in all material
respects.

(oo) Cybersecurity; Data Protection. (i) The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems,
networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as
currently conducted, and are, to the knowledge of the Company, free and clear of all bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially
reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data (including all personal,
personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Personal Data)) used in connection with their businesses, and there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that
have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same; and (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance
with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT
Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except, with respect to each of clauses (i) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to Personal Data that have been announced as of the
date hereof as becoming effective within 12 months after the date hereof, and for which any non-compliance with same would be reasonably likely to create a material liability as soon they take effect.

(pp) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their
capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections
302 and 906 related to certifications.

15

(qq) Status under the Securities Act. The Company is not an ineligible issuer and is a well-known seasoned issuer, in each case as defined under the
Securities Act, in each case at the times specified in the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities.

4. Further Agreements of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that:

(a) Required Filings. The Company will file the final Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430A,
430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (including the Pricing Term Sheet referred to in Annex B hereto) to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act; and the Company will file promptly all
reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of the Prospectus and for so long as the
delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Securities; and the Company will promptly furnish copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in such quantities as the Representatives may
reasonably request. The Company will pay the registration fees for this offering within the time period required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior to the Closing
Date.

(b) Delivery of Copies. The Company will deliver, without charge, to the Representatives during the Prospectus Delivery Period as many copies of the
Prospectus (including all amendments and supplements thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein) and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as the Representatives may reasonably request. As used herein, the term Prospectus Delivery
Period means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Securities as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a prospectus relating to the Securities is required by law to be delivered (or required to be
delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer.

(c) Amendments or Supplements; Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. At any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, before making, preparing, using,
authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, whether before or after the time that the Registration Statement
becomes effective, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not make, prepare, use, authorize, approve, refer
to or file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably objects unless, in the case of a filing, the Company is required by law to make such filing.

16

(d) Notice to the Representatives. At any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will advise the Representatives promptly, and
confirm such advice in writing, (i) when the Registration Statement has become effective; (ii) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (iii) when any supplement to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus or any amendment to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus has been filed; (iv) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or
the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information; (v) of the issuance by the Commission or any other governmental or regulatory authority of
any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Time of Sale Information or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the initiation or
threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (vi) of the occurrence of any event or development within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which the Prospectus, any of the Time of Sale
Information or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; and (vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of
the qualification of the Securities for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any of the Time of Sale Information, Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus, or suspending any such
qualification of the Securities and, if any such order is issued, will obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof.

(e) Time of Sale Information. If at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event shall occur or condition shall become known as a result of
which any of the Time of Sale Information as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Information to comply with law, the Company will notify the Underwriters thereof as soon as practicable and forthwith prepare and, subject to
paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate, such amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Information (or any document to be
filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in any of the Time of Sale Information as so amended or supplemented (including such documents to be incorporated by reference therein) will
not, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, be misleading or so that any of the Time of Sale Information will comply with law.

17

(f) Ongoing Compliance. If during the Prospectus Delivery Period (i) any event shall occur or condition shall become known as a result of which, in
the judgment of the Company or in the opinion of counsel to the Underwriters, the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with law, the Company will notify the
Underwriters thereof as soon as practicable and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate, such amendments or supplements
to the Prospectus (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented including such documents to be incorporated by
reference therein will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus will comply with law.

(g) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will qualify the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as
the Representatives shall reasonably request and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for distribution of the Securities; provided that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or
other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such
jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject.

(h) Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Representatives as soon as practicable an earning
statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after
the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement.

(i) Clear Market. During the period from the date hereof through and including the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written
consent of the Representative, offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of any debt securities issued by the Company and having a tenor of more than one year.

(j) Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in each of the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus under the heading Use of Proceeds.

(k) DTC. The Company will assist the Underwriters in arranging for the Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement through DTC.

18

(l) No Stabilization. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or
result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities.

(m) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act.

5. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that it has not and will not use, authorize use of, refer to, or participate in the planning
for use of, any free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not incorporated by reference into the Registration
Statement and any press release issued by the Company) other than (i) a free writing prospectus that, solely as a result of use by such Underwriter, would not trigger an obligation to file such free writing prospectus with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 433, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed on Annex A or prepared pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 4(c) above (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any free writing prospectus prepared by such Underwriter and approved
by the Company in advance in writing (each such free writing prospectus referred to in clauses (i) or (iii), an Underwriter Free Writing Prospectus). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Underwriters may use the Pricing Term Sheet referred
to in Annex B hereto without the consent of the Company.

6. Conditions of Underwriters' Obligations. The obligation of each Underwriter to purchase Securities on the Closing Date as provided herein is subject to the performance by the
Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions:

(a) Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no
proceeding for such purpose pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission, and the Company shall not have received any notification from the Commission pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the
Securities Act; the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the
Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof; and all requests by the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative.

(b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct on the date hereof
and on and as of the Closing Date; and the statements of the Company and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date.

19

(c) No Downgrade. Subsequent to the earlier of (A) the Time of Sale and (B) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (i) no downgrading shall
have occurred in the rating accorded the Securities or any other debt securities or preferred stock issued or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as such term is
defined under Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, and (ii) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, or has changed its outlook with respect to, its rating of the Securities or of any other
debt securities or preferred stock issued or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading).

(d) No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this agreement, no event or condition of a type described in Section
3(g) hereof shall have occurred or shall exist, which event or condition is not described in each of the Time of Sale Information (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) the
effect of which is, in the judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this
Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus.

(e) Officer's Certificate. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date a certificate of an executive officer of the
Company who has specific knowledge of the Companys financial matters and is reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives (i) confirming that such officer has carefully reviewed the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Prospectus and, to the knowledge of such officer, the representations set forth in Sections 3(b) and 3(d) hereof are true and correct, (ii) confirming that the other representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and
correct and that the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date and (iii) to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a), (c) and (d) above.

(f) Comfort Letters. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, KPMG LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of
the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in
accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus;
provided that the letter delivered on the Closing Date shall use a cut-off date no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date.

(g) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Company. Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel for the Company, shall have furnished to the
Representative, at the request of the Company, their written opinion and 10b-5 statement, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

20

(h) Opinion of General Counsel of the Company. Thomas C. Indelicarto, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company, shall
have furnished to the Representative, at the request of the Company, a written opinion, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

(i) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Underwriters. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date an opinion
and 10b-5 statement, addressed to the Underwriters, of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such documents
and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

(j) No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or
issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been
issued that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities.

(k) Good Standing. The Representatives shall have received (i) on and as of the Closing Date, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the
Company in its jurisdiction of organization and its good standing in such other jurisdiction as the Representatives may reasonably request and (ii) as of a recent date, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Significant Subsidiaries in
their respective jurisdictions of organization and their good standing in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in writing or any standard form of telecommunication, from
the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions.

(l) DTC. The Securities shall be eligible for clearance and settlement through DTC.

(m) Indenture and Securities. The Indenture shall have been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Company and the Trustee,
and the Securities shall have been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Company and duly authenticated by the Trustee.

(n) Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further certificates and
documents as the Representatives may reasonably request.

All opinions, letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters.

21

7. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers
and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation,
documented legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon, (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information,
or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case except insofar as such
losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to any Underwriter furnished to
the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein.

(b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors and
officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a)
above, but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information
relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information, it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the following paragraphs in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus: under the heading Underwriting in the Time of Sale
Information and the Prospectus, the third paragraph relating to the terms of the offering by the Underwriters, the third sentence of the eighth paragraph relating to market making and the ninth and tenths paragraphs relating to overallotment,
stabilization and syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids.

22

(c) Notice and Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be
brought or asserted against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to either paragraph (a) or (b) above, such person (the Indemnified Person) shall promptly notify the person against whom such indemnification
may be sought (the Indemnifying Person) in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under paragraph (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it
has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may
have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under paragraph (a) or (b) above. If any such proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying Person
shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person (who shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person, be counsel to the Indemnifying Person) to represent the Indemnified Person and any others entitled to
indemnification pursuant to this Section 7 that the Indemnifying Person may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding, as
incurred. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying Person and the
Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably
concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the
Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person
shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees
and expenses shall be paid or reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm for any Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and any control persons of such Underwriter shall be designated in writing by J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC and any such separate firm for the Company, its directors and officers who signed the Registration Statement and any control persons of the Company shall be designated in writing by the Company. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for
any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any loss
or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an Indemnified Person shall have requested that an Indemnifying Person reimburse the Indemnified Person for fees and expenses of counsel
as contemplated by this paragraph, the Indemnifying Person shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by the Indemnifying Person
of such request and (ii) the Indemnifying Person shall not have reimbursed the Indemnified Person in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified
Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnification could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement
(x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any
statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person.

23

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in paragraph (a) or (b) above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in
respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such
Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of
the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Company
on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received
by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds (before deducting expenses) received by the Company from the sale of the Securities and the total
underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters in connection therewith, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate offering price of the Securities. The relative fault of the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
relates to information supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

(e) Limitation on Liability. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
7 were determined by prorata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph
(d) above. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other
expenses incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the
total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. The Underwriters' obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to their respective purchase obligations hereunder and not joint.

24

(f) Non-Exclusive Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Section 7 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies that may
otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity.

8. Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above.

9. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representative, by advance written notice to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and on or prior to the Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on the New York Stock Exchange or the over-the-counter market; (ii) trading of any securities issued by the Company shall have
been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or
escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the reasonable judgment of the Representative, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus.

10. Defaulting Underwriter.

(a) If, on the Closing Date, any Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the Securities that it has agreed to purchase hereunder, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their
discretion arrange for the purchase of such Securities by other persons satisfactory to the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement. If, within 36 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not
arrange for the purchase of such Securities, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Securities on such terms. If
other persons become obligated or agree to purchase the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter, either the nondefaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone the Closing Date for up to five full business days in order to effect any changes
that in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company agrees to
promptly prepare any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus that effects any such changes. As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes, for all purposes of this
Agreement unless the context otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 hereto that, pursuant to this Section 10, purchases Securities that a defaulting Underwriter agreed but failed to purchase.

25

(b) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided
in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of such Securities that remains unpurchased does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities, then the Company shall have the right to require each
non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder plus such Underwriter's prorata share (based on the principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter
agreed to purchase hereunder) of the Securities of such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made.

(c) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided
in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of such Securities that remains unpurchased exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities, or if the Company shall not exercise the right described in paragraph
(b) above, then this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of the Company, except that the
Company will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 11 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not terminate and shall remain in effect.

(d) Nothing contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Company or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default.

11. Payment of Expenses.

(a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Company agrees to pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses
incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation, (i) the costs incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and delivery of the Securities and any taxes payable in that connection; (ii) the costs
incident to the preparation, printing and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus (including all exhibits,
amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof (but not, except as provided in Section 11(b) below, legal fees and expenses of the Underwriters counsel incurred in connection with any of the foregoing) and any costs associated
with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing by the Underwriters to investors; (iii) the costs of reproducing and distributing each of the Transaction Documents; (iv) the fees and expenses of the Company's counsel and independent accountants;
(v) the reasonable documented fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification and determination of eligibility for investment of the Securities under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may
designate and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including the reasonable documented related fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters); (vi) any fees charged by rating agencies for rating the Securities;
(vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and any paying agent (including related fees and expenses of any counsel to such parties); (viii) all expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of the
offering by, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and the approval of the Securities for book-entry transfer by DTC.

26

(b) If (i) this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9, (ii) the Company for any reason fails to tender the Securities for delivery to the Underwriters or (iii) the Underwriters
decline to purchase the Securities for any reason permitted under this Agreement, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters for all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably
incurred by the Underwriters in connection with this Agreement and the offering contemplated hereby, provided, however, that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 by reason of the default of one or more Underwriters, the Company
shall not be obligated to reimburse any defaulting Underwriter on account of those expenses.

12. Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and
directors and any controlling persons referred to herein, and the affiliates of each Underwriter referred to in Section 7 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any other person any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor merely by reason of such purchase.

13. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by
or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery of and payment for the Securities and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any
termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters.

14. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term "affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act; (b) the term "business day" means any day other than a day on which banks are permitted or required to be closed in New York City; (c) the term "subsidiary" has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act ; and (d) the term "Significant Subsidiary" has the meaning set forth in Rule 1-02(w)(1)(ii) or (iii) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act.

15. Compliance with USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are
required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the
Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients.

27

16. Miscellaneous.

(a) Authority of the Representatives. Any action by the Underwriters hereunder may be taken by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and
U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. on behalf of the Underwriters, and any such action taken by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. shall be binding upon the Underwriters.

(b) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted
and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be given to the Representatives c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (fax: 212-834-6081); Attention: Investment
Grade Syndicate Desk; BofA Securities, Inc., 114 West 47th Street, NY8-114-07-01, New York, New York 10036 (fax: 212-901-7881), Attention: High Grade Debt Capital
Markets Transaction Management/Legal; and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., 214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 (fax: 877-774-3462);
Attention: High Grade Syndicate. Notices to the Company shall be given to it at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, Virginia 20190 (email: legal@verisign.com); Attention: General Counsel.

(c) Governing Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

(d) Submission to Jurisdiction. The Company hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. federal and New York state courts in the
Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any such suit or proceeding in such courts. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any court to the
jurisdiction of which Company is subject by a suit upon such judgment.

(e) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement.

(f) Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(i) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this
Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(ii) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

28

As used in this Section 16(f):

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

Covered Entity means any of the following:

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

(g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of telecommunication),
each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be
signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed
signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means.

(h) Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall
in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

(i) Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or
interpretation of, this Agreement.

29

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below.

Very truly yours,

VERISIGN, INC.

By 

/s/ George E. Kilguss, III

Name 

: George E. Kilguss, III

Title: 

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

Accepted: As of the date first written above

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

As representatives of the

several Underwriters listed

in Schedule 1 hereto.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: 

/s/ Som Bhattacharyya

Name: Som Bhattacharyya - Executive Director

Title: Authorized Signatory

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Christopher Dodman

Name: Christopher Dodman

Title: Authorized Signatory

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Emily Hartley

Name: Emily Hartley - Director

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

Schedule 1

Underwriter 

Principal Amount 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

$275,000,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

$125,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

$100,000,000 

Total 

$500,000,000 

Schedule 2

Significant Subsidiaries

VeriSign Global Holdings Limited

VeriSign International Holdings, Inc.

VeriSign Srl

Annex A

Time of Sale Information

Pricing Term Sheet, dated March 4, 2025, substantially in the form of Annex B.

Other Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses

Investor Presentation, dated March 2025.

Annex B

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433

Registration Statement No. 333-285483

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus dated March 4, 2025

VeriSign, Inc.

$500,000,000

5.250% Senior Notes due 2032

March 4, 2025

This pricing term sheet relates only to VeriSign, Inc.s offering of its 5.250% Senior Notes due 2032 and should be read together with the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated March 4, 2025 (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) and the
accompanying Prospectus dated March 3, 2025. Terms used and not defined herein have the meanings assigned in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement.

Issuer: 

VeriSign, Inc.

Security: 

5.250% Senior Notes due 2032

Anticipated Ratings (Moodys/S&P)*: 

[Intentionally omitted]

Principal Amount: 

$500,000,000

Maturity Date: 

June 1, 2032

Interest Rate: 

5.250%

Interest Payment Dates: 

June 1 and December 1, commencing June 1, 2025

Public Offering Price: 

99.581% of principal amount

Yield to Maturity: 

5.322%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: 

+ 125 bps

Benchmark Treasury: 

UST 4.125% due February 29, 2032

Benchmark Treasury Price / Yield: 

100-10 / 4.072%

Make-Whole Call: 

T+20 bps prior to April 1, 2032

Par Call: 

On or after April 1, 2032

Change of Control Repurchase Event: 

Put @ 101% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest

Trade Date: 

March 4, 2025

Settlement Date: 

T+5; March 11, 2025

We expect that delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on or about March 11, 2025, which is the fifth
business day following the date of pricing of the notes (such settlement cycle being referred to as T+5). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the
secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to the business day immediately before
settlement will be required to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement and should consult their own advisors.

Denominations/Multiple: 

$2,000 x $1,000

CUSIP / ISIN: 

92343E AQ5 / US92343EAQ52

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

Use of Proceeds: 

The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with cash on hand, to repay its $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% Senior Notes due 2025 upon their maturity on April 1, 2025.

This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make
such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to which this communication relates. Before you invest in any offering, you should read the
prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Verisign and the offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC web site at
www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer or any underwriter participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (212) 834-4533, BofA Securities, Inc. at (800) 294-1322 or
U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. at (877) 558-2607.

*A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

VERISIGN, INC.

(as Obligor)

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

(as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association)

(as Trustee)

Second Supplemental Indenture

Dated as of March 11, 2025

5.250% Senior Notes due 2032

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1

SECTION 1.1 

Definitions 

1

ARTICLE II 

TERMS OF THE NOTES 

5

SECTION 2.1 

Title 

5

SECTION 2.2 

Aggregate Principal Amount 

5

SECTION 2.3 

Maturity 

6

SECTION 2.4 

Interest 

6

SECTION 2.5 

Place of Payment 

6

SECTION 2.6 

Optional Redemption 

6

SECTION 2.7 

Change of Control Repurchase 

9

SECTION 2.8 

Issue Date 

10

SECTION 2.9 

Issue Price 

10

SECTION 2.10 

Definitive and Global Notes 

10

SECTION 2.11 

Denomination 

10

SECTION 2.12 

Limitation on Liens 

10

SECTION 2.13 

Limitation on Sale-Leaseback Transactions 

12

SECTION 2.14 

Amendments to the Base Indenture 

13

SECTION 2.15 

Counterparts 

14

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit A 

Form of Senior Note 

THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, between VeriSign, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Obligor), having its principal office at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, Virginia 20190, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association),
as Trustee (the Trustee), is made and entered into as of this 11th day of March, 2025.

RECITALS OF THE OBLIGOR

WHEREAS, the Obligor and the Trustee executed and delivered an Indenture dated as of June 8, 2021 (the Base Indenture), to provide for the issuance by the Obligor from time to time of debt securities;

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein, not otherwise defined, shall have the same meanings given them in the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS, pursuant to a board resolution, the Obligor has authorized the issuance of $500,000,000 of its 5.250% Senior Notes due 2032
(the Senior Notes); and

WHEREAS, the Obligor desires to establish the terms of the Senior Notes in accordance with Section 2.01 of the Base Indenture;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1

Definitions. For all purposes of this Second
Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

Attributable Debt has the
meaning specified in Section 2.13.

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), is or becomes the
beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Obligor (or its successor by merger, consolidation or purchase of all or
substantially all of its assets), other than a transaction in which (i) the Obligor becomes a wholly owned Subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the direct or indirect holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following
that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the voting stock of the Obligor immediately prior to that transaction; (2) the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Obligor; or (3) the merger or
consolidation of the Obligor with or into another person or the merger of another person with or into the Obligor, or the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation, in one or a series of
related transactions) of all or substantially all the assets of the Obligor (determined on a consolidated basis) to another person, other than a transaction, in the case of a merger or consolidation transaction, following which holders of
securities that represented 100% of the voting stock of the Obligor immediately prior to such transaction (or other securities into which such securities are converted as part of such merger or consolidation transaction) own directly or indirectly
at least 50% of the voting power of the voting stock of the surviving person in such merger or consolidation transaction immediately after such transaction.

Change of Control Repurchase Event means
the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event. For the avoidance of doubt, no change of control repurchase event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular change of control unless and until such change of
control has actually been consummated.

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of
the time of determination, the consolidated total assets of the Obligor and its consolidated Subsidiaries as reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet prepared by the Obligor in accordance with GAAP contained in an annual report on
Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q timely filed or any amendment thereto (and not subsequently disclaimed as not being reliable by the Obligor) prior to the time as of which Consolidated Total Assets is being determined; provided that Consolidated Total Assets shall be adjusted to give effect to each acquisition and disposition of assets other than in the ordinary course of
business (including by way of merger) that has occurred since the date of the balance sheet referred to above and on or prior to the time of determination.

Cooperative Agreement means that certain
Cooperative Agreement No. NCR-92-18742 between the Obligor (as successor to Network Solutions, Incorporated) and the United States Department of Commerce (as successor to the National Science Foundation), entered into as of January 1, 1993 (as
amended from time to time).

guarantee means any obligation,
contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for
the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial
statement conditions or otherwise) or (2) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, however, that the term guarantee will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term guarantee,
when used as a verb, has a correlative meaning.

incur means issue, assume, effect a
guarantee or otherwise become liable for.

Intellectual Property means the Registry
Agreements, the Cooperative Agreement, all intellectual and similar property of every kind and nature now owned or hereafter acquired by the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary, including inventions, designs, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade
secrets, domain names, confidential or proprietary technical and business information, know-how, show-how or other similar data or information, software and databases and all embodiments or fixations thereof and related documentation, all
additions, improvements and accessions to any of the foregoing and all registrations for any of the foregoing.

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3
or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade credit rating
from any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Obligor.

2

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service
Inc., or any successor to the rating agency business thereof.

Par Call Date of the Senior Notes is
April 1, 2032 (two months prior to the Maturity Date of the Senior Notes).

Principal Facility means any primary
secure data center or resolution site, office space or other facility owned as of the Issue Date of the Senior Notes or acquired by the Obligor or any Subsidiary of the Obligor after such date and located in the United States and its territories,
other than any facility the net book value (computed in accordance with GAAP) of which, as of the time of such determination, does not exceed 1.0% of Consolidated Total Assets of the Obligor.

Principal Property means, as the context
may require, any real or immovable property forming part of or constituting any or all of any Principal Facility.

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys
and S&P; and (2) if any of Moodys and S&P ceases to rate the Senior Notes or fails to make a rating of the Senior Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the control of the Obligor, a nationally recognized statistical rating
organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, selected by the Obligor (as certified by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Obligor) as a replacement for such rating agency.

Ratings Event means the rating on the
Senior Notes is lowered by each of the ratings agencies and the Senior Notes are not rated investment grade by each of the rating agencies on any date during the period commencing on the first public announcement by the Obligor of any change of
control (or pending change of control) and ending 30 days following consummation of such change of control (which period will be extended following consummation of a change of control for so long as any of the rating agencies has publicly announced
that it is considering a possible ratings downgrade); provided that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall
not be deemed to have occurred in respect to a particular change of control (and thus shall not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of change of control repurchase event hereunder) if the rating agencies making the reduction in
rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee and the Obligor in writing at its or the Obligors request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or
circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable change of control (whether or not the applicable change of control shall have occurred at the time of the Ratings Event).

Redemption Price has the meaning specified in Section 2.6(j).

Registry Agreements means those certain
Registry Agreements between the Obligor and the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, entered into as of November 29, 2012 and July 1, 2017, respectively, as amended.

3

Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with
respect to any Senior Note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related Redemption Date to the Par Call Date but for such redemption; provided, however, that, if such Redemption Date is not an Interest Payment Date with
respect to such Senior Note, the amount of the next scheduled interest payment thereon shall be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such Redemption Date.

Restricted Subsidiary means (i) any
Subsidiary of the Obligor that would be a significant subsidiary of the Obligor within the meaning set forth in Rule 1-02(w)(ii) or (iii) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date of the Senior Notes and (ii) any
other Subsidiary of the Obligor that holds any Principal Property, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), excluding any Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America or any
Subsidiary thereof.

S&P means Standard & Poors
Ratings Group, Inc., or any successor to the rating agency business thereof.

Sale and Leaseback Transaction
has the meaning specified in Section 2.13.

Second Supplemental Indenture means this
Second Supplemental Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Senior Notes has the meaning assigned in
the Recitals.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any
Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Obligor in accordance with the following two paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Obligor after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical
release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15

TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Obligor shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date
on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the
yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the
relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

4

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Obligor shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum
equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date
of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United
States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Obligor shall select the United
States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the
preceding sentence, the Obligor shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such
United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall
be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. The calculation of the
Treasury Rate shall not be the duty or obligation of the Trustee.

Voting Stock of any specified Person as
of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person.

ARTICLE II

TERMS OF THE NOTES

SECTION 2.1

Title. The Senior Notes shall constitute a series of Notes having the title
5.250% Senior Notes due 2032 and shall be in the form attached as Exhibit A. 

SECTION 2.2

Aggregate Principal Amount. The aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
that may be authenticated and delivered under this Second Supplemental Indenture shall be unlimited; provided that the Obligor complies with the provisions of this Second Supplemental Indenture. 

5

SECTION 2.3

Maturity. The entire outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes shall be
payable on June 1, 2032. 

SECTION 2.4

Interest. The Senior Notes shall accrue interest at a rate of 5.250% per year.
Interest shall accrue on the Senior Notes from the most recent Interest Payment Date to or for which interest has been paid or duly provided for (or if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the Issue Date of the Senior Notes),
payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The Record Dates for payment of interest shall be May 15 and November 15 of each year (whether or not a Business Day). 

SECTION 2.5

Place of Payment. The place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and
interest, if any, with respect to the Senior Notes shall be payable shall be the Corporate Trust Office. 

SECTION 2.6

Optional Redemption

(a)

If the Obligor elects to redeem the Senior Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions
of Section 2.6(j), it shall provide adequate notice to the Trustee and it shall furnish an (i) Officers Certificate setting forth (1) the Redemption Date, (2) the principal amount to be redeemed, and (3) the CUSIP and/or ISIN numbers of the
Senior Notes and (ii) Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee.

(b)

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Senior Notes for redemption shall be
made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Senior Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Senior Note shall state the portion of the principal amount of the Senior Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Senior Note shall
be issued in the name of the Holder of the Senior Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Senior Notes shall be done in
accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

(c)

In the case of a partial redemption, the Trustee shall promptly notify the Obligor in writing of
the Senior Notes selected for redemption and the principal amount thereof to be redeemed of each Senior Note if not in global form.

(d)

Any notice of redemption may, at the Obligors discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a corporate transaction that is pending (such as an equity or equity-linked offering, an incurrence of Indebtedness or an acquisition or other strategic transaction involving a
change of control in the Obligor or another entity). If such redemption or notice is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the Obligor may, in its discretion, delay the Redemption Date until such time as any or all
such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption
Date so delayed.

6

(e)

For all purposes of this Second Supplemental Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires,
all provisions relating to the redemption of Senior Notes shall relate, in the case of any Senior Note redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal of such Senior Note which has been or is to be redeemed.

(f)

Notice of any redemption shall be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted
in accordance with the Depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. All notices of redemption shall state:

(i)

the Redemption Date;

(ii)

the Redemption Price, or if not then ascertainable, the manner of calculating the
Redemption Price;

(iii)

if fewer than all Outstanding Senior Notes are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in
the case of partial redemption, the respective principal amounts) of the Senior Notes to be redeemed from the Holder to whom the notice is given and that on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Senior Note, a new Senior Note or
Senior Notes in the aggregate principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued in accordance with Section 2.6(i);

(iv)

that on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price shall become due and payable upon each
Senior Note called for redemption, and that interest, if any, thereon shall cease to accrue from and after said date;

(v)

the place where Senior Notes called for redemption are to be surrendered for payment of
the Redemption Price, which shall be the office or agency maintained by the Obligor pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Base Indenture;

(vi)

the name and address of the Paying Agent;

(vii)

that the Senior Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to
collect the Redemption Price;

(viii)

any condition precedent to the redemption and related information as required by Section
2.6(d); and

(ix)

the CUSIP and/or ISIN number, and that no representation is made as to the correctness or
accuracy of the CUSIP and/or ISIN number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Senior Notes.

Notice of redemption of Senior Notes shall be given by the Obligor or, at the Obligors request, by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the
Obligor.

7

(g)

On or prior to 10 a.m., New York City time, on any Redemption Date, the Obligor shall deposit
with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Obligor is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 9.03 of the Base Indenture) an amount of money sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all the
Senior Notes which are to be redeemed on that date.

(h)

Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid, the Senior Notes (or portions thereof) so
to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the Redemption Price specified in such notice, and on and after the Redemption Date (unless the Obligor shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price) interest shall
cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. Upon surrender of such Senior Notes for redemption in accordance with the notice of redemption, the Redemption Price shall be paid by the Obligor to the Holders of
such Senior Notes registered as such on the relevant Record Date according to the terms and the provisions of Section 2.06 of the Base Indenture. If any Senior Note called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption,
the principal shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor by the Senior Note.

(i)

Any Senior Note that is to be redeemed only in part and is not a Global Note redeemed pursuant
to the Depositorys applicable procedures shall be surrendered at the office or agency maintained by the Obligor pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Base Indenture (with, if the Obligor or the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written
instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Obligor and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing) and the Obligor shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to
the Holder of such Senior Note without service charge and at the expense of the Obligor, a new Senior Note or Senior Notes, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder in aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for
the unredeemed portion of the principal of such Senior Note so surrendered.

(j)

Prior to the Par Call Date, the Obligor may redeem the Senior Notes at its option, in whole or
in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i)

(a) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments of principal and
interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b)
interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and

(ii)

100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Obligor may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. The price (including any premium and interest) at which any Senior Notes may be redeemed pursuant to this
Section 2.6(j) shall be referred to as the Redemption Price. The Obligors actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 2.6(j) shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.6(a) through (i).

8

SECTION 2.7

Change of Control Repurchase. 

(a)

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Obligor has exercised its right to
redeem the Senior Notes as set forth in Section 2.6, the Obligor shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of the Senior Notes to repurchase all or any part (in excess of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of
that Holders Senior Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes repurchased plus any accrued
and unpaid interest on the Senior Notes repurchased to, but excluding, the date of repurchase.

(b)

Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the option of the
Obligor, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Obligor shall mail (or to the extent permitted or required by applicable DTC procedures or regulations with respect to Global Notes, send
electronically) a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Senior Notes on the payment
date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (or to the extent permitted or required by applicable DTC procedures or regulations with respect to Global
Notes, sent electronically). The notice shall, if mailed (or to the extent permitted or required by applicable DTC procedures or regulations with respect to Global Notes, sent electronically) prior to the date of consummation of the Change of
Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice.

(c)

The Obligor shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any
other securities laws and regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Senior Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any
securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 2.7, the Obligor shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 2.7 by virtue of compliance
with such securities laws or regulations.

(d)

On the repurchase date following a Change of Control Repurchase Event, the Obligor shall, to the
extent lawful:

(i)

accept for payment all the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes properly tendered pursuant to its offer;

(ii)

deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of
all the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes properly tendered; and

9

(iii)

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Senior Notes properly accepted, together with an Officers
Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes being purchased by the Obligor.

(e)

In the event that portions of the Senior Notes are properly tendered pursuant to the Obligors
offer and the Obligor complies with the requirements of Section 2.7(d), the Paying Agent shall promptly pay to each Holder of Senior Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Senior Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate
and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Senior Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Senior Notes surrendered.

(f)

The Obligor shall not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes upon a
Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Obligor and such third party purchases all Senior Notes properly
tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.

(g)

Should the Obligor choose to exercise its rights under Section 3.02 of the Base Indenture, it
shall no longer be obligated to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes following a Change of Control Repurchase Event.

SECTION 2.8

Issue Date. The Issue Date of the Senior Notes is March 11, 2025; provided
that additional Notes, if any, will have a different Issue Date.

SECTION 2.9

Issue Price. The issue price of the Senior Notes is 99.581% of the aggregate
principal amount of the Senior Notes; provided that additional Notes, if any, may have a different issue price.

SECTION 2.10

Definitive and Global Notes. The Senior Notes are issuable in whole or in part in
the form of Global Notes and the Depositary for such Global Notes shall be DTC.

SECTION 2.11

Denomination. The Senior Notes shall be issued in registered form in minimum
denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

SECTION 2.12

Limitation on Liens. The Obligor will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any lien on any Principal Property or Intellectual Property or upon the capital stock of any
Restricted Subsidiary to secure any Indebtedness of the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary without securing the Senior Notes equally and ratably with such Indebtedness for so long as such Indebtedness shall be so secured, subject to certain
exceptions. The foregoing shall not apply to:

(1)

liens existing on March 4, 2025;

(2)

liens on assets or property of a Person at the time it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged with,
amalgamated with or consolidated into the Obligor or a Restricted Subsidiary securing only Indebtedness of such Person; provided such Indebtedness was
not incurred in connection with such Person or entity becoming a Subsidiary or such merger, amalgamation or consolidation and such liens do not extend to any assets other than those of the Person becoming a Subsidiary (and such Persons
Subsidiaries, as applicable);

10

(3)

liens existing on assets or property created at the time of, or within 18 months after, the
acquisition, purchase, lease, improvement or development of such assets or property to secure all or a portion of the purchase price or lease for, or the costs of improvement or development of, such assets or property;

(4)

liens to secure any extension, renewal, refinancing or refunding (or successive extensions,
renewals, refinancings or refundings), in whole or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by liens referred to above or liens created in connection with any amendment, consent or waiver relating to such Indebtedness, so long as such lien is limited
to all or part of the property which secured (or after-acquired property which was required to secure) the lien extended, renewed or replaced, the amount of Indebtedness secured is not increased (other than by the amount equal to any costs and
expenses (including any premiums, fees or penalties) incurred in connection with any extension, renewal, refinancing or refunding);

(5)

liens in favor of only the Obligor or one or more Subsidiaries granted by the Obligor or a
Subsidiary to secure any obligations owed to the Obligor or a Subsidiary of the Obligor;

(6)

liens in favor of the Trustee granted in accordance with the Base Indenture;

(7)

carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like liens imposed
by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in good faith;

(8)

liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits, escrow arrangements or similar arrangements
made by the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement for any acquisition or other transaction permitted hereunder;

(9)

liens on cash or securing hedging obligations not entered into for speculative purposes and
letters of credit entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(10)

liens that are contractual rights of set-off;

(11)

pledges and deposits made (i) in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers
compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of
business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above;

(12)

pledges and deposits made (i) to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases,
statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for
the account of the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above;

11

(13)

liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies not yet delinquent by
more than 30 days or not yet subject to penalties for nonpayment or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has maintained adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP; and

(14)

liens otherwise prohibited by this Section 2.12, securing Indebtedness which, together with the
value of Attributable Debt incurred in Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted under Section 2.13 below, do not exceed the greater of (i) 10% of Consolidated Total Assets measured at the date of incurrence of any such lien and (ii) $300.0
million.

SECTION 2.13

Limitation on Sale-Leaseback Transactions. The Obligor will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement with any Person pursuant to which the Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary leases
any Principal Property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Obligor or the Restricted Subsidiary to such Person (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), except that a Sale and Leaseback Transaction is permitted if the Obligor
or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a lien on such property to be leased (without equally and ratably securing the outstanding Senior Notes) in an amount equal to the present value of the lease
payments with respect to the term of the lease remaining on the date as of which the amount is being determined, discounted at the rate of interest set forth or implicit in the terms of the lease, compounded semi-annually (such amount is referred
to as the Attributable Debt). The foregoing shall not apply to:

(a)

temporary leases for a term, including renewals at the option of the lessee, of
not more than three years;

(b)

leases between only the Obligor and a Subsidiary of the Obligor or only
between Subsidiaries of the Obligor;

(c)

leases where the Obligor applies within 365 days after the sale an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of the sale or the Attributable Debt associated with the property to (i) the retirement of long-term secured Indebtedness; or, if
the Obligor has no long-term secured Indebtedness outstanding, long-term Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Senior Notes, or (ii) the
purchase of additional property or assets; and

(d)

leases of property executed by the time of, or within 12 months after the
latest of, the acquisition, the completion of construction or improvement, or the commencement of commercial operation of the property.

12

SECTION 2.14

Amendments to the Base Indenture.

The following amendments and supplements to and/or restatements of the Base Indenture shall be applicable only with respect to the
Senior Notes issued hereunder, and shall not apply to any other series of Notes that may be issued under the Base Indenture unless a supplemental indenture with respect to such other series of Notes specifically incorporates such amendments and
supplements:

(a)

Sub-clause (b) of the first paragraph of Section 3.02 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows (new text is bolded):

At the Obligors option, either (a) the Obligor shall be deemed to have been Discharged (as defined below) from its obligations with
respect to the Notes of any series (Legal Defeasance) and/or (b) the Obligor shall cease to be under any obligation to comply with any term, provision or
condition set forth in Sections 4.01(3) and 9.05 and Sections 2.7, 2.12 and 2.13 of the Second Supplemental Indenture between the Obligor and the
Trustee, dated March 11, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture) (and any other Sections, covenants or Events of Default applicable to such Notes that are determined pursuant to Section 2.01 to be subject to this provision) with respect
to the Notes of such series at any time after the applicable conditions set forth below have been satisfied (Covenant Defeasance):

(b)

Section 3.02(1) is hereby amended and restated in its entirely as follows (new text is bolded):

The Obligor shall have deposited or caused to be deposited irrevocably with the Trustee, as trust funds, in trust, specifically
pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of the Notes of such series, an amount of money, in cash in U.S. dollars sufficient, or in non-callable U.S. Government Obligations, the principal of and interest on
which, when due, will be sufficient, or a combination thereof, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof (to the extent such deposit consists of non-callable U.S. Government Obligations) delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes of such series with
respect to principal, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest to the date of such deposit (in the case of Notes of any series that have become due and payable), or to the Maturity Date or Redemption Date, as the case may be;

(c)

The last sentence of the third to last paragraph of Section 3.02 of the Base Indenture is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as follows (new text is bolded):

If the Obligor exercises its option under Section 3.02(a), payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default
with respect thereto. If the Obligor exercises its option under Section 3.02(b), payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in Section 4.01(3) and Section 4.01(7) and with respect to Section 7.01 and
Section 9.05 and Sections 2.12 and 2.13 of the Second Supplemental Indenture, and the Obligor shall no longer be obligated to make an offer under
Section 2.7 of the Second Supplemental Indenture upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture).

13

(d)

In addition to the Events of Default set forth in Section 4.01 of the Base Indenture, the Senior
Notes shall include the following additional Event of Default designated as clause (8) of such Section, which shall be deemed an Event of Default under Section 4.01 of the Base Indenture:

(8) a failure by the Obligor to repurchase Senior Notes tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control
Repurchase Event (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture) in conformity with Section 2.7 of the Second Supplemental Indenture.

(e)

In addition to the actions that may be taken without the consent of Holders, the Senior Notes
shall include the following clause (12) to Section 8.01 of the Base Indenture:

(12) to conform the Indenture to the section entitled Description of Notes in the prospectus supplement dated March 4, 2025
relating to the Senior Notes.

(f)

Section 8.02(4) of the Base Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows
(new text is bolded):

(4) reduce the Redemption Price or
the repurchase price of any Senior Note, change the date on which any Senior Note is subject to redemption or repurchase or add redemption provisions to the Senior
Notes;.

SECTION 2.15

Counterparts. This Second Supplemental Indenture and the Senior Notes shall be
valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature, (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature or (iii) any other
electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant
provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York (collectively, Signature Law), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature of this Second
Supplemental Indenture or the Senior Notes shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no
liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Second
Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; Signatures
follow]

14

VERISIGN, INC.

By: 

Name: 

George E. Kilguss, III

Title: 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee 

By: 

Name: 

Michael W. McGuire

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture]

15

EXHIBIT A

Form of Senior Note

THIS IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN.

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC),
NEW YORK, NEW YORK, TO THE OBLIGOR OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR
SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.

No. 

$

5.250% Senior Notes due 2032

CUSIP No.

ISIN No.

VERISIGN, INC., a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum listed on the
Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Note attached hereto on June 1, 2032.

Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1, commencing .

Record Dates: May 15 and November 15.

Additional provisions of this Senior Note are set forth on the other side of this Senior Note.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this instrument to be duly executed.

VERISIGN, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

Dated:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of 

the Senior Notes referred 

to in the Second Supplemental Indenture. 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-3

[REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] 

A-4

5.250% Senior Notes due 2032

1. 

Interest

VERISIGN, INC., a Delaware corporation (such corporation, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture hereinafter referred to,
being herein called the Obligor), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Senior Note at the rate per annum shown above. The Obligor shall pay interest semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing. The Record
Dates for payment of interest shall be May 15 and November 15 of each year (whether or not a Business Day). Interest on this Senior Note shall accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest
has been paid or duly provided for, from until the principal hereof is due. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

2. 

Method of Payment

The Obligor shall pay interest on this Senior Note (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders at the close
of business on the Record Date. Holders must surrender this Senior Note to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. Payments in respect of this Senior Note represented by a Global Note (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) shall
be made in immediately available funds to DTC or its nominees, as the case may be, as the Holder of such Global Note. The Obligor shall make all payments in respect of any certificated Senior Note in definitive form (including principal, premium,
if any, and interest) at the office of the Paying Agent, except that, at the option of the Obligor, payment of interest may be made by mailing a check to the registered address of each Holder thereof or, upon request of a Holder of at least
$1,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, by wire transfer to an account located in the United States by the payee.

3. 

Paying Agent and Registrar

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee), shall act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Obligor may act
as Paying Agent.

4. 

Indenture

The Obligor issued this Senior Note under an Indenture dated as of June 8, 2021 (the Base Indenture), between the Obligor and the
Trustee, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture; and the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The terms of this Senior
Note include those stated in the Indenture, and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of the Indenture (the TIA). Terms defined in the Indenture and
not defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. This Senior Note is subject to all terms and provisions of the Indenture, and Holders (as defined in the Indenture) are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of
such terms and provisions. In the event of a conflict between any provision of this Senior Note and the Indenture, the Indenture shall govern such provision.

A-5

This Senior Note is a senior unsecured obligation of the Obligor of which an unlimited aggregate principal amount may be at any one
time Outstanding. The Indenture imposes certain limitations on the ability of the Obligor and any Restricted Subsidiary to, among other things, create or incur Liens and enter into certain Sale-Leaseback Transactions. The Indenture also imposes
limitations on the ability of the Obligor to consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all its property.

5. 

Optional Redemption

Prior to April 1, 2032 (two months prior to the Maturity Date of the Senior Notes) (the Par Call Date), the Obligor may redeem the
Senior Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i)

(a) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments of principal and interest thereon discounted
to the Redemption Date (assuming the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the
Redemption Date; and

(ii)

100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Obligor may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

6. 

Sinking Fund

This Senior Note is not subject to any sinking fund.

7. 

Notice of Redemption

If the Obligor elects to redeem this Senior Note, it shall provide adequate notice to the Trustee and it shall furnish an (i)
Officers Certificate setting forth (1) the Redemption Date, (2) the principal amount to be redeemed, and (3) the CUSIP and/or ISIN numbers of the Senior Notes and (ii) Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each such Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed at such Holders last address appearing in the Senior Note Register.

Any notice of redemption may, at the Obligors discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited
to, completion of a corporate transaction that is pending (such as an equity or equity-linked offering, an incurrence of Indebtedness or an acquisition or other strategic transaction involving a change of control in the Obligor or another entity).
If such redemption or notice is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the Obligor may, in its discretion, delay the Redemption Date until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed.

A-6

8. 

Repurchase of this Senior Note at the Option of Holders upon Change of Control Repurchase Event

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Obligor has exercised its right to redeem this Senior Note as described in
the Indenture, the Obligor will be required to make an offer to each Holder of this Senior Note to repurchase all or any part (in excess of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of the applicable percentage of this Senior
Note at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such percentage of this Senior Note plus any accrued and unpaid
interest on this Senior Note repurchased to, but excluding, the date of repurchase, as provided in, and subject to the terms of, the Indenture.

9. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange

Senior Notes may be issued in registered form in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. A
Holder may transfer or exchange this Senior Note in accordance with the Indenture. Upon any transfer or exchange, the Obligor and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents and to
pay any taxes required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Obligor need not register the transfer of or exchange this Senior Note if selected for redemption (except, in the event it will be redeemed in part, the portion not to be redeemed) or
to transfer or exchange this Senior Note for a period of 10 days prior to mailing or providing a notice of redemption of Senior Notes to be redeemed.

10. 

Persons Deemed Owners

With certain exceptions, the registered Holder of this Senior Note may be treated as the owner of it for all purposes.

11. 

Unclaimed Money

If money for the payment of principal or interest, if any, remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee shall pay the money back to
the Obligor at its request. After any such payment, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Obligor for payment as unsecured general creditors and the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall have no further liability with respect to such monies.

12. 

Discharge and Defeasance

Subject to certain conditions, the Obligor at any time may terminate some of or all its obligations under this Senior Note and the
Indenture if the Obligor deposits with the Trustee U.S. dollars or non-callable U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, this Senior Note to redemption or maturity, as the case may be.

A-7

13. 

Amendment, Waiver

Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, (i) the Indenture may be amended under certain circumstances with the
written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Senior Notes and (ii) certain defaults may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the
Outstanding Senior Notes. Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, without the consent of the Holders of any Senior Notes, the Obligor and the Trustee may amend the Indenture: (i) to evidence the succession of another Person to the
Obligor and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Obligor under the Indenture and the Senior Notes; (ii) to add to the covenants of the Obligor for the benefit of Holders of the Senior Notes or to surrender any right or power
conferred upon the Obligor; (iii) to add any additional events of default for the benefit of Holders of the Senior Notes; (iv) to add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture as necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of Senior
Notes in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as to principal, and with or without interest coupons, or to permit or facilitate the issuance of Senior Notes in uncertificated form; (v) to secure the Senior Notes or add guarantees with
respect to the Senior Notes; (vi) to add or appoint a successor or separate Trustee; (vii) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; provided that the
interests of the Holders of the Senior Notes are not adversely affected in any material respect; (viii) to supplement any of the provisions of the Indenture as necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of Senior Notes; provided that the interests of the Holders of the Senior Notes are not adversely affected in any material respect; (ix) to make any other change that would not
adversely affect the Holders of the Senior Notes; (x) to make any change necessary to comply with any requirement of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture or any supplemental Indenture under the TIA; (xi) to conform
the Indenture to the section entitled Description of Notes in the prospectus supplement dated March 11, 2025 relating to the Senior Notes; and (xii) to reflect the issuance of additional Senior Notes as permitted by Section 2.01 and Section 2.02
of the Base Indenture.

14. 

Defaults and Remedies

If any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the
Obligor) with respect to this Senior Note occurs and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Senior Notes may declare the principal of all Outstanding Senior Notes,
and the interest to the date of acceleration, if any, accrued thereon, to be immediately due and payable by notice in writing to the Obligor (and to the Trustee if given by Holders) specifying the Event of Default. If an Event of Default relating
to a merger or certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Obligor occurs, then the principal amount of all the Senior Notes then Outstanding and interest accrued thereon, if any, shall become and be immediately due and
payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or the Holders of the Senior Notes, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

A-8

Under certain circumstances, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Senior Notes may rescind any such
acceleration with respect to the Senior Notes and its consequences.

No Holder of this Senior Note may institute any action, unless and until: (i) such Holder has given the Trustee written notice of a
continuing Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes; (ii) the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Senior Notes have made a written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such
Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder; (iii) such Holder or Holders has or have offered the Trustee such reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request; (iv) the
Trustee has failed to institute any such proceeding for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity; and (v) no inconsistent direction has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Senior Notes.

15. 

Trustee Dealings with the Obligor

Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may
become the owner or pledgee of this Senior Note and may otherwise deal with the Obligor with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.

16. 

Authentication; Counterparts

This Senior Note shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on
behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature, (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act,
state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, in each case to the extent applicable. Each
faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature of this Senior Note shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall
be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise
verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Senior Note may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument.

17. 

Governing Law

THIS SENIOR NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

18. 

CUSIP and ISIN Numbers

The Obligor has caused CUSIP and ISIN numbers to be printed on this Senior Note and has directed the Trustee to use CUSIP and ISIN
numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on this Senior Note or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the
other identification numbers placed thereon.

A-9

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is $ . The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made:

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of decrease

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Amount of increase

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such

decrease or increase 

Signature of

authorized signatory

of Trustee

A-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 11, 2025

VeriSign, Inc.

12061 Bluemont Way

Reston, Virginia 20190

Re: 

VeriSign, Inc.

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285483)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to VeriSign, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) in
connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a Registration Statement on Form S-3, file no. 333-285483 (the Registration Statement), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the prospectus included therein, the prospectus supplement, dated March 4,
2025, filed with the Commission on March 6, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (the Prospectus
Supplement), and the offering by the Company pursuant thereto of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.250% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes).

The Notes will be issued pursuant to the Indenture dated as of June 8, 2021(the
Base Indenture), between the Companyand U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as
successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, to be dated as of March 11, 2025, relating to the Notes (the Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Base
Indenture, the Indenture) between the Companyand the Trustee. In connection with the
issuance of the Notes, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement dated as of March 4, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement) with the underwriters named therein (the Underwriters). The Indenture, the Underwriting Agreement and the Notes are
referred to collectively as the Note Documents.

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com

March 11, 2025

Page 2

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true and complete copies of the originals, of the Base Indenture, the form of the Supplemental Indenture, the form of the Notes, the Underwriting Agreement
and such other documents, corporate records, certificates of officers of the Company and of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable to enable us to render these opinions. In our examination, we have assumed,
without independent investigation, the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents
submitted to us as copies. As to any facts material to these opinions, we have relied to the extent we deemed appropriate and without independent investigation upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the
Companyand others.

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Notes,
when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and issued and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will be legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Company.

The opinions expressed above are subject to the following additional exceptions, qualifications, limitations and assumptions:

A. We render no opinion
herein as to matters involving the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York and to the extent relevant for our opinion herein, the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL). 
This opinion is limited to the effect of the current state of the laws of the State of New York and the DGCL and the facts as they currently exist. We assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion in the event of future changes in
such laws or the interpretations thereof or such facts.

B. The opinions above
are each subject to (i) the effect of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, arrangement or similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally, including without limitation the effect of statutory or other
laws regarding fraudulent transfers or preferential transfers and (ii) general principles of equity, including without limitation concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing and the possible unavailability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

March 11, 2025

Page 3

C. We express no opinion
regarding the effectiveness of (i) any waiver of stay, extension or usury laws; (ii) provisions relating to indemnification, exculpation or contribution, to the extent such provisions may be held unenforceable as contrary to public policy or
federal or state securities laws or due to the negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnified party; or (iii) any provision that would require payment of any unamortized original issue discount (including any original issue discount
effectively created by payment of a fee).

We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and we further consent to the use of our name under the caption Legal
Matters in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. In giving these consents, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vrsn-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vrsn-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vrsn-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_ex5-1img01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_ex5-1imgo2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 000-23593

Entity Registrant Name VERISIGN INC/CA

Entity Central Index Key 0001014473

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-3221585

Entity Address, Address Line One 12061 Bluemont Way

Entity Address, City or Town Reston

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20190

City Area Code 703

Local Phone Number 948-3200

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol VRSN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://verisign.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ny20044677x5_8k.htm 
vrsn-20250311.xsd 
vrsn-20250311_lab.xml 
vrsn-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-008001-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ny20044677x5_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001014473 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

false 
VERISIGN INC/CA 
0001014473 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
DE 
000-23593 
94-3221585 
12061 Bluemont Way 
Reston 
VA 
20190 
703 
948-3200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Per Share 
VRSN 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>