<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-007771.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-007771.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310081542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-007771
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Diamondback Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001539838
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35700
		FILM NUMBER:		25722239

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST TEXAS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405-463-6900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST TEXAS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20044934x4_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001539838NASDAQ00015398382025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED

STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 6, 2025

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported)

DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-35700

45-4502447

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

500 West Texas Ave.

Suite 100

Midland, Texas79701

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (432) 221-7400

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

FANG 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(NASDAQ Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Underwriting Agreement

On March 6, 2025, Diamondback Energy, Inc. (the Company), entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), by
and among the Company, as the issuer, Diamondback E&P LLC, as the subsidiary guarantor (E&P), and BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives of the several
underwriters named therein (collectively, the Underwriters), providing for the issuance and sale of $1,200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The price to the public was 99.937% of the principal
amount of the Notes.

The Notes and E&Ps guarantee thereof have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), pursuant to a
registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-268495), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and automatically effective on November 21, 2022. The terms of the Notes are further described in the Companys prospectus supplement
dated March 6, 2025, as filed with the SEC on March 10, 2025 (the Prospectus). The closing of the sale of the Notes is expected to occur on March 20, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The Notes and E&Ps guarantee thereof will be the Companys and E&Ps respective senior unsecured obligations and will rank
equally in right of payment with all of the Companys and E&Ps respective existing and future senior indebtedness, including the Companys outstanding senior notes and E&Ps guarantees thereof and all of E&Ps obligations under its
revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the revolving credit facility) and under its term loan facility with
Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (the term loan facility) and the respective lenders party thereto and the Companys guarantees thereof, and senior in right of payment to any of the Companys and E&Ps future indebtedness that
is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and E&Ps guarantees thereof, respectively.

The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes, after deducting the Underwriters discounts and estimated offering expenses, are expected
to be approximately $1.19 billion. The Company intends to use these net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, paying a portion of the cash consideration for the pending acquisition of certain subsidiaries of Double
Eagle IV Midco, LLC (the Double Eagle acquisition) and paying fees, costs and expenses related thereto.

The Underwriting Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company. It also provides for customary indemnification by each of the Company and the respective Underwriters against certain
liabilities arising out of or in connection with sale of the Notes and for customary contribution provisions in respect of those liabilities.

As more fully described under the caption UnderwritingOther Relationships in the Prospectus, some of the Underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the
future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.
Specifically, certain Underwriters and/or their affiliates serve in various roles under the revolving credit facilityand term loan facility and may serve in
various roles under the proposed term loan facility with BofA Securities, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (if obtained and funded in connection with the Double Eagle acquisition).

The foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement is
not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K and incorporated in this Item 1.01 by reference.

- 2 -

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Press Release

On March 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the offering of the Notes. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
incorporated in this Item 8.01 by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number 

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among Diamondback Energy, Inc., Diamondback E&P LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein.

99.1 

Press Release dated March 6, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

Forward Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including those relating to the
expected timing of the closing of the sale of the Notes. All statements, other than historical facts, that address activities that the Company assumes, plans, expects, believes, intends or anticipates (and other similar expressions) will, should or
may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on managements current beliefs, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events. These forward-looking
statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the results to differ materially from those expected by the management of the Company. Information concerning these risks and other factors can be found in the Companys filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, the preliminary prospectus supplement filed by the Company for the Notes offering and any amendments or supplements thereto, which can be obtained free of charge on the
Securities and Exchange Commissions web site at http://www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement.

- 3 -

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC.

Date: March 10, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jere Thompson

Name: 

Jere Thompson

Title: 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20044934x4_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC.

$1,200,000,000 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

March 6, 2025

BofA Securities, Inc.

Barclays Capital Inc.

PNC Capital Markets LLC

TD Securities (USA) LLC

As Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule A

c/o BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

c/o Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, NY 10019

c/o PNC Capital Markets LLC

300 Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222

c/o TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10017

To the addressees set forth above:

Introductory. Diamondback Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), agrees with the several underwriters
named in Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are acting as the representatives (the Representatives), subject to the terms and conditions
stated herein, to issue and sell to the several Underwriters U.S. $1,200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes).

The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of December 13, 2022 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by a supplemental indenture to be dated as of March 20, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture, and together
with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). The Notes will be guaranteed (the Guarantee and, together with the Notes, the Offered
Securities) by Diamondback E&P LLC (the Guarantor).

The Offered Securities are being issued in part to fund, if consummated, a portion of the cash consideration in the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding interests of DE Permian, LLC, a
Texas limited liability company, DE IV Combo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and DE IV Operating, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Double Eagle IV Midco, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (Double Eagle), pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company, Diamondback E&P LLC and Double Eagle, dated as of February 14, 2025.

Reference is made herein to the Companys recent acquisition of Endeavor Parent, LLC (Endeavor) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, pursuant to that certain
Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among the Company, Eclipse Merger Sub I, LLC, Eclipse Merger Sub II, LLC, Endeavor Manager, LLC (solely for purposes of certain sections set forth therein), and Endeavor Parent, LLC, dated as of February 11, 2024
and amended on March 18, 2024.

The Company and the Guarantor hereby jointly and severally confirm their agreement with the several Underwriters as follows:

1.Representations and Warranties of the Company and the Guarantor. Each of the
Company and the Guarantor jointly and severally represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the several Underwriters that, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (each as defined below):

(a) Filing and Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Certain Defined
Terms. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-268495) and a related prospectus or prospectuses, covering the registration of the Offered Securities under the Act, which has become
effective. Registration Statement at any particular time means such registration statement in the form then filed with the Commission, including any amendment thereto, any document incorporated by
reference therein and all 430B Information and all 430C Information with respect to such registration statement, that in any case has not been superseded or modified. Registration Statement without
reference to a time means the Registration Statement as of the Applicable Time. For purposes of this definition, 430B Information shall be considered to be included in the Registration Statement as of the time specified in Rule 430B.

For purposes of this Agreement:

430B Information means information included in a prospectus then deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B(e) or retroactively
deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B(f).

430C Information means information included in a prospectus then deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430C.

Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Applicable Time means 2:45 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of this Agreement.

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2 hereof.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Final Prospectus means the Statutory Prospectus that discloses the public offering price, other 430B Information and other final terms of the Offered
Securities and otherwise satisfies Section 10(a) of the Act.

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors, as
evidenced by its being so specified in Schedule B to this Agreement.

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, relating to the Offered Securities in the form filed or
required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

-2-

Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not a General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

Rules and Regulations means the rules and regulations of the Commission.

Securities Laws means, collectively, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (Sarbanes-Oxley), the Act, the
Exchange Act, the Rules and Regulations, the auditing principles, rules, standards and practices applicable to auditors of issuers (as defined in Sarbanes-Oxley) promulgated or approved by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB) and, as applicable, the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market (Exchange Rules).

Statutory Prospectus with reference to any particular time means the prospectus relating to the Offered Securities that is included in the Registration
Statement immediately prior to that time, including any document incorporated by reference therein and all 430B Information and all 430C Information with respect to the Registration Statement. For purposes of the foregoing definition, 430B
Information shall be considered to be included in the Statutory Prospectus only as of the actual time that form of prospectus (including a prospectus supplement) is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and not retroactively.

Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a rule is to the indicated rule under the Act.

(b)Compliance with the Requirements of the Act. (i)(A) At the time
the Registration Statement initially became effective, (B) at the time of each amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Act (whether by post-effective amendment, incorporated report or form of prospectus), (C) at
the Applicable Time and (D) on the Closing Date, the Registration Statement conformed, and will conform, in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Rules and Regulations with respect thereto and did not and will not include any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and (ii) (A) on its date, (B) at the time of filing the Final Prospectus pursuant to
Rule 424(b) and (C) on the Closing Date, the Final Prospectus will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Rules and Regulations with respect thereto, and will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or
omissions from any such document based upon written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information is that described as
such in Section 6(b) hereof or to those parts of the Registration Statement which constitute the Trustees Statement of Eligibility and Qualification on Form T-1 under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust IndentureAct).

(c)Filing Fees. The Company has paid or shall pay the required
Commission filing fees relating to the Offered Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r).

(d)Ineligible Issuer Status. (i) At the Applicable Time and
(ii) at the date of this Agreement, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the Act that it is not necessary that the
Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

-3-

(e)General Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time,
neither (i) the General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus(es) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time and the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated March 6, 2025, including the base prospectus, dated November 21, 2022, and the other
information, if any, stated in Schedule B to this Agreement to be included in the General Disclosure Package, all considered together (collectively, the General Disclosure Package), nor (ii) any
individual Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Statutory Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in
Section 6(b) hereof.

(f)Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Offered Securities or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next
sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information then contained in the Registration Statement. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
at a time when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is (or but for the exemption in Rule 172 would be) required to be delivered under the Act by any Underwriter or dealer, there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of
which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information then contained in the Registration Statement or as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if republished immediately following such event or
development, would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (i)
the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and (ii) the Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement
or omission. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any
Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(b) hereof.

(g)Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly
incorporated and is existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own and/or lease its properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package;
and the Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure
to so qualify or to be in good standing in such other jurisdictions would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
business, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (Material Adverse Effect).

-4-

(h)Subsidiaries. The Companys significant subsidiaries, as
defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, are the Guarantor, Eclipse Merger Sub II, LLC, Endeavor Energy Resources, L.P., Viper Energy Partners LLC (Viper OpCo), QEP Resources, Inc. and QEP Energy Company
(each a Significant Subsidiary). Each Significant Subsidiary has been duly formed and is existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the limited liability
company or corporate power and authority, as applicable, to own and/or lease its properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package; and each Significant Subsidiary is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
limited liability company or corporation, as applicable, in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or
be in good standing in such other jurisdictions would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; all of the limited liability company interests or shares of common stock, as the case may be, in each Significant Subsidiary of the Company have been
duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with constituent documents of each Significant Subsidiary and are fully paid (to the extent required under such subsidiarys limited liability company agreement with respect to those Significant
Subsidiaries of the Company that are limited liability companies) and non-assessable (except as such non-assessability may be affected by Sections 18-607 and 18-804 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act with respect to those Significant
Subsidiaries of the Company that are limited liability companies); and, except as otherwise disclosed in the General Disclosure Package with respect to (i) the pledge thereof in connection with Viper OpCos revolving credit facility and (ii) the
issuance and sale of common stock of Viper Energy, Inc. (Viper) to the public, in connection with acquisitions of mineral and royalty interests or other assets or pursuant to Vipers equity compensation
plan, the equity interests in each Significant Subsidiary will be owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free from liens, encumbrances and defects.

(i)Indenture. Each of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental
Indenture has been duly authorized, the Base Indenture was duly executed and delivered by each of the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee and the Supplemental Indenture will have been duly executed and delivered by each of the Company, the
Guarantor and the Trustee on the Closing Date. The Base Indenture constitutes and the Supplemental Indenture will constitute, in each case, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Trustee, the valid and legally binding
obligations of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or conveyance or other similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles and except as rights to indemnification and contribution may be limited by applicable law.

(j)The Notes and the Guarantees. The Notes have been duly
authorized by the Company and on the Closing Date (i) will be in the form contemplated by the Indenture, (ii) will have been duly executed by the Company, (iii) when authenticated by the Trustee in the manner provided for in the Indenture on the
Closing Date and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will have been duly authenticated, issued, executed and delivered and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or conveyance or other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the
rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles, and (iv) will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. On the Closing Date, (i) the Guarantees of the Notes will be as set forth in the Indenture, (ii) will have been duly
authorized by the Guarantor, (iii) when issued by the Guarantor, the Supplemental Indenture will have been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantor, (iv) when the Notes have been authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and
issued and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, the Guarantees will constitute the valid and legally binding agreements of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with their terms, except as the
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or conveyance or other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general
equitable principle and (v) the Guarantees will be entitled to the benefits provided by the Indenture.

(k)Trust Indenture Act. The Base Indenture has been and the
Supplemental Indenture will be duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act, and the Base Indenture conforms and the Supplemental Indenture will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act and the Rules and
Regulations with respect thereto that are applicable to an indenture which is qualified thereunder.

-5-

(l)No Finders Fee. Except as disclosed in the General
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, there are no contracts, agreements or understandings between the Company and any person that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or the Guarantor or any Underwriter for a brokerage
commission, finders fee or other like payment in connection with this offering.

(m)Accurate Descriptions. The Indenture, this Agreement and the
Offered Securities will conform in all material respects to the respective statements relating thereto contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus.

(n)No Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the General
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, there are no contracts, agreements or understandings between the Company or the Guarantor and any person granting such person the right to require the Company or the Guarantor to file a registration
statement under the Act with respect to any debt securities of the Company or the Guarantor owned or to be owned by such person or to require the Company or the Guarantor to include such securities in the securities registered pursuant to the
Registration Statement.

(o)Absence of Further Requirements. No consent, approval,
authorization, or order of, or filing or registration with, any governmental agency or body or any court having jurisdiction over the Company or the Guarantor or any of their properties or assets is required to be obtained or made by the Company or
the Guarantor for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the offering, issuance and sale of the Notes by the Company and the issuance of the Guarantees by the Guarantor, except such as have been
obtained, or made and such as may be required under state securities laws, the Act or Exchange Act, or by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).

(p)Title to Property. Except as disclosed in the General
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, and except to the extent that failure of the following to be true, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect: (w) the Company and its subsidiaries have (i) good and
defensible title to all of the interests in oil and gas properties underlying the Companys and Vipers estimates of its net proved reserves contained in the General Disclosure Package and (ii) good and marketable title to all other real and
personal property reflected in the General Disclosure Package as assets owned by them, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as (a) are liens under Viper OpCos revolving credit facility or (b) are liens and
encumbrances under operating agreements, unitization and pooling agreements, production sales contracts, farmout agreements and other oil and gas exploration, participation and production agreements, in each case that secure payment of amounts not
yet due and payable for the performance of other unmatured obligations and are of a scope and nature customary in the oil and gas industry or arise in connection with drilling and production operations; (x) any other real property and buildings
held under lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases; (y) the working interests derived from oil, gas and mineral leases or mineral interests that constitute a portion of the real
property held or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries, reflect in all material respects the rights of the Company and its subsidiaries to explore, develop or produce hydrocarbons from such real property in the manner contemplated by the
General Disclosure Package, and the care taken by the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to acquiring or otherwise procuring such leases or other property interests was generally consistent with standard industry practices in the areas in
which the Company and its subsidiaries operate for acquiring or procuring leases and interests therein to explore, develop or produce hydrocarbons; and (z) with respect to interests in oil and gas properties obtained by or on behalf of the Company
and its subsidiaries that have not yet been drilled or included in a unit for drilling, the Company and its subsidiaries have carried out such title investigations in accordance with the reasonable practice in the oil and gas industry in the areas
in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate.

(q)Rights-of-Way. The Company and its subsidiaries have such
consents, easements, rights-of-way or licenses from any person (collectively, rights-of-way) as are necessary to enable the Company to conduct its business in the manner described in the General Disclosure
Package, subject to qualifications as may be set forth in the General Disclosure Package, except where failure to have such rights-of-way would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

-6-

(r)Reserve Engineers. (i) Ryder Scott Company, L.P. (Ryder Scott), a reserve engineer that prepared reserve reports on estimated net proved oil and natural gas reserves held by the Company and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and
December 31, 2022, was, as of the date of preparation of such reserve reports, and is, as of the date hereof, an independent petroleum engineer with respect to the Company and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, Netherland, Sewell &
Associates, Inc. (Netherland Sewell and, together with Ryder Scott, the Reserve Engineers), a reserve engineer that prepared reserve reports on estimated net proved
oil and natural gas reserves held by Endeavor and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was, as of the date of preparation of such reserve reports, an independent petroleum engineer with respect to
Endeavor.

(s)Reserve Report Information. The information contained in or
incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package regarding estimated proved reserves of the Company is based upon the reserve reports prepared by Ryder Scott; and, to the knowledge of the Company, the information incorporated by
reference in the General Disclosure Package regarding estimated proved reserves of Endeavor is based upon the reserve reports prepared by Netherland Sewell. The information provided to Ryder Scott by the Company and its subsidiaries, and, to the
knowledge of the Company, the information provided to Netherland Sewell by Endeavor and its subsidiaries, including, in each case, without limitation, information as to: production, costs of operation and development, current prices for production,
agreements relating to current and future operations and sales of production, was true and correct in all material respects on the dates that such reports were made. Such information was provided to Ryder Scott (in the case of the Company) and, to
the knowledge of the Company, Netherland Sewell (in the case of Endeavor) in accordance with customary industry practices.

(t)Reserve Reports.The

reserve reports prepared by Ryder Scott setting forth the estimated proved reserves attributed to the oil and gas properties of the Company accurately reflect in all material respects the ownership interests of the Company in its properties
therein.To the knowledge of the Company, the reserve reports prepared by Netherland Sewell setting forth the estimated proved reserves attributed to the oil and gas properties of Endeavor accurately reflect
in all material respects the ownership interests of the Endeavor in its properties therein. Other than normal production of reserves, intervening market commodity price fluctuations, fluctuations in demand for such products, adverse weather
conditions, unavailability or increased costs of rigs, equipment, supplies or personnel, the timing of third party operations and other facts, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and except as disclosed in the General Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus, neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, Endeavor is aware of any facts or circumstances that would result in a material adverse change in the aggregate net reserves, or the present value of future net
cash flows therefrom, as described in the General Disclosure Package and the reserve reports; and estimates of such reserves and present values of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, Endeavor as described in the General Disclosure
Package and reflected in the reserve reports comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Regulation S-X and Subpart 1200 of Regulation S-K under the Act.

-7-

(u) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from Transaction. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Indenture with respect to the Offered Securities and this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities and compliance with the terms and provisions thereof will not, as applicable, result in a breach or violation of any of the terms
and provisions of, or constitute a default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant
to, (i) the charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, (ii) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having
jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, or (iii) any agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to
which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for any breaches, violations, defaults, liens, charges or encumbrances, which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
result in a Material Adverse Effect; a Debt Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition that gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture, or
other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(v)Absence of Existing Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of its charter, by-laws, limited liability company agreement or similar organizational documents, as applicable, or in default (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would be in default)
under any existing obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, lease or other agreement or instrument to which any of them is a party or by which any of them is bound or to which any of the
properties of any of them is subject, except such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(w)Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor.

(x)Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its
subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations, franchises, licenses and permits issued by federal, state or local regulatory bodies (collectively, Licenses) necessary or material to the conduct of
the business now conducted or proposed in the General Disclosure Package to be conducted by them, except where the failure to have obtained the same would not reasonably be expected to, result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of
its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Licenses, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, and have not
received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Licenses that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries would reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
Material Adverse Effect.

(y)Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent such that it would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(z)Possession of Intellectual Property. The Company and its
subsidiaries own, possess or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate trademarks, trade names and other rights to inventions, know-how, patents, copyrights, confidential information and other intellectual property (collectively, intellectual property rights) necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, or presently employed by them, and have not received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others
with respect to any intellectual property rights that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-8-

(aa)Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in the General
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, (a)(i) none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, and does not have any liability under, any federal, state, local or non-U.S. statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code,
other requirement or rule of law (including common law), or decision or order of any domestic or foreign governmental agency, governmental body or court, relating to pollution, to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, discharge,
disposal or release of Hazardous Substances (as defined below), to the protection or restoration of the environment or natural resources, to health and safety including as such relates to exposure to Hazardous Substances, and to natural resource
damages (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries own, occupy, operate or use any real property contaminated with Hazardous
Substances, (iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is conducting or funding any investigation, remediation, remedial action or monitoring of actual or suspected Hazardous Substances in the environment, (iv) to the knowledge of the
Company, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is liable or allegedly liable for any release or threatened release of Hazardous Substances, including at any off-site treatment, storage or disposal site, (v) neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries is subject to any pending, or to the Companys knowledge, threatened, claim by any governmental agency or governmental body or person arising under Environmental Laws or relating to Hazardous Substances, and (vi) the Company and
its subsidiaries have received and are in compliance with all, and have no liability under any, permits, licenses, authorizations, identification numbers or other approvals required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their business,
except in each case covered by clauses (i) (vi) such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (b) to the knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances that
would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of, liability under, or claim pursuant to any Environmental Law that would result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) in the ordinary course of its business, the Company and its subsidiaries
periodically evaluate the effect, including associated costs and liabilities, of Environmental Laws on the business, properties, results of operations and financial condition of the Company and, on the basis of such evaluation, the Company and its
subsidiaries have reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws will not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection, Hazardous

Substances means (A) petroleum and petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, and mold, and (B) any other
chemical, material or substance defined or regulated as toxic or hazardous or as a pollutant, contaminant or waste under Environmental Laws.

(bb)Cybersecurity. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus, (a)(i) to the knowledge of the Company, there has been no material security breach or material incident, or other material compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or its subsidiaries information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and data-bases (including the data and information of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the
Company and its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (ii) the
Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified in writing of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material security breach or material incident, unauthorized access or disclosure
or other material compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (b) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except
as, in the case of this clause (b), would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and
technological safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory
standards.

-9-

(cc)Accurate Disclosure; Exhibits. The statements in (or
incorporated by reference in) the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the headings Description of Debt Securities, Description of Notes, Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences insofar as such statements summarize
legal matters, agreements, documents or legal or regulatory proceedings discussed therein, are accurate summaries, in all material respects, of such legal matters, agreements, documents or legal or regulatory proceedings and present the information
required to be shown under the Securities Act. There are no contracts or documents which are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the General Disclosure Package pursuant to Form S-3 or to be filed as exhibits to the
Registration Statement pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K which have not been so described or filed as required pursuant to the Act, except where the lack of description or filing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(dd)Absence of Manipulation. Neither the Company nor the
Guarantor has taken, directly or indirectly, any action that is designed to or that has constituted or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company or the
Guarantor to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities.

(ee)Statistical and Market-Related Data. Any third-party
statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, a Statutory Prospectus or the General Disclosure Package are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable and
accurate in all material respects.

(ff)Internal Controls and Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The Company and the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) are in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Exchange Rules in all material respects. The Company maintains a system of internal
controls, including, but not limited to, disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over accounting matters and financial reporting, an internal audit function and legal and regulatory compliance controls (collectively, Internal Controls) that comply with the applicable Securities Laws and are sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and to maintain
accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accounting for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and
appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(gg)Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries
maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
the Companys management, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule
13a-15 of the Exchange Act.

(hh)Litigation. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus, there are no pending actions, suits or proceedings or, to the knowledge of the Company, any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, against or affecting the
Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
or would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to perform their obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement; and no such actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or
investigations by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) are, to the Companys knowledge, threatened or contemplated.

-10-

(ii)Financial Statements of the Company and Endeavor. The
historical financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates shown and their results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries for the periods shown, and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP,
applied on a consistent basis; and the pro forma financial statements and the related notes thereto of the Company and its subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Final Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidance with respect to pro forma financial information prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X in all material respects, and the assumptions underlying such pro
forma financial information are reasonable and are set forth or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, the historical financial
statements of Endeavor and its subsidiaries incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Endeavor and its
consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates shown and their results of operations and cash flows of Endeavor and its subsidiaries for the periods shown, and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, applied on a consistent
basis. Grant Thornton LLP has certified the audited financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, and is an independent registered
public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the Rules and Regulations and as required by the Act and the applicable rules and guidance from the PCAOB. Grant Thornton LLP has certified the audited financial statements of Endeavor
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, and is an independent registered public accounting firm, to the Companys knowledge, with respect to Endeavor within the Rules and
Regulations and as required by the Act and the applicable rules and guidance from the PCAOB. The other financial and statistical data included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus present fairly, in
all material respects, the information shown therein and such data has been compiled on a basis consistent with the financial statements presented therein and the books and records of the Company. There are no financial statements that are required
pursuant to the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereto to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus that are not included or incorporated by reference as
required pursuant thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus fairly presents the
information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(jj) Reserved.

(kk) Reserved.

(ll) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the
General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, (i) there has not been any material change in the capital stock or any change in the long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any material adverse change, or any development
involving a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as otherwise disclosed or contemplated
in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or its subsidiaries on any class of their capital stock; (iii) there has been no material adverse change
in the short-term indebtedness, net current assets or net assets of the Company or any its subsidiaries; and (iv) except as set forth or contemplated in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has entered into any transaction or agreement material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than in the ordinary course of business.

-11-

(mm)Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor the Guarantor
is and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Offered Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the General Disclosure Package, will be required to register as an investment company as defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act).

(nn)Regulations T, U, X. None of the Company or its
subsidiaries or any agent thereof acting on their behalf has taken, and none of them will take, any action that might cause this Agreement or the issuance or sale of the Offered Securities to violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

(oo)Reserved.

(pp) Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax returns that
are required to be filed or have requested extensions thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file would not result in a Material Adverse Effect); and, except as set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, the
Company and its subsidiaries have paid all taxes (including any assessments, fines or penalties) required to be paid by them, except for any such taxes, assessments, fines or penalties currently being contested in good faith and for which an adequate
reserve for accrual has been established in accordance with GAAP or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. No tax deficiency has been asserted against the Company or its subsidiaries, expect to the extent
any deficiency that would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(qq)Insurance. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company reasonably believes are adequate for the conduct of
their business. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies and instruments in all material respects; and there are no material claims by the Company or its subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as
to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any reason to believe that any of them will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in the General Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus.

(rr)Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. No
relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or its subsidiaries on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company or its subsidiaries on the other hand, which is required to
be described in the General Disclosure Package pursuant to the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder which is not so described therein.

(ss)ERISA. The minimum funding standard under Section 302 of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (ERISA), has been satisfied by each pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of
ERISA) which has been established or maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and the trust forming part of each such plan which is intended to be qualified under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, is so
qualified; each of the Company and its subsidiaries has fulfilled its obligations, if any, under Section 515 of ERISA; neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries maintain or are required to contribute to a welfare plan (as defined in Section
3(1) of ERISA) which provides retiree or other post-employment welfare benefits or insurance coverage (other than continuation coverage (as defined in Section 602 of ERISA)); each pension plan and welfare plan established or maintained by the
Company and/or any of its subsidiaries are in compliance with the currently applicable provisions of ERISA, except where the failure to comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have
incurred or would reasonably be expected to incur any withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA, any liability under Section 4062, 4063 or 4064 of ERISA, or any other liability under Title IV of ERISA.

-12-

(tt)No Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries, nor any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company and the Guarantor, any agent, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any
direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official
capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any
applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offense under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom, or any other applicable
anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted, maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.

(uu)Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations
of the Company and its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the operations of Double Eagle and its subsidiaries, are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept
and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions where the Company, Double Eagle or any of their respective subsidiaries, as applicable, conducts business, the rules and
regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action,
suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the Company, Double Eagle or any of its subsidiaries, with respect to the
Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company and the Guarantor, threatened.

(vv)No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries, directors, officers or employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantor, any agent, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the
subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government, (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State and including,
without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, the Hong Kong Monetary
Authority, the Monetary Authority of Singapore or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or
territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, any other Covered
Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive Order 14065, the Crimea region of Ukraine and the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine (each, a Sanctioned Country);

and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Notes hereunder, or lend, or knowingly contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity
(i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or
(iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, initial purchaser, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, the
Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, and are not now knowingly engaged in and will not knowingly engage in, any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or
the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.

-13-

2.Purchase, Sale and Delivery of Offered Securities. The Company agrees to sell
to the several Underwriters as provided in this Agreement, and each Underwriter, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly, to
purchase from the Company, the principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule A hereto at a price equal to 99.287% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest, if any, from March 20, 2025 to
the Closing Date (as defined below). The Company will not be obligated to deliver any of the Offered Securities except upon payment for all the Offered Securities to be purchased as provided herein.

The Company understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the Offered Securities as soon after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the
Representatives is advisable, and to offer the Offered Securities on the terms set forth in the Final Prospectus. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell Offered Securities to or through any affiliate of an
Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Offered Securities purchased by it to or through any Underwriter, provided that such affiliate offer the Offered Securities on the terms set forth in the Final Prospectus.

Payment for the Offered Securities shall be made by the Underwriters in Federal (same day) funds by wire transfer to an account at a bank specified in writing to the Representatives, at 9:00 a.m.,
(New York time), on March 20, 2025, or at such other time not later than seven full business days thereafter as the Representatives and the Company determine, such time being herein referred to as the Closing Date,

against delivery to the Trustee as custodian for the Depository Trust Company (DTC), for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing each series of the Offered Securities
(collectively, the Global Notes). The Global Notes will be made available electronically for inspection by the Representatives at least 24 hours prior to the Closing Date.

3.Certain Agreements of the Company and the Guarantor. Each of the Company and
the Guarantor agrees with the several Underwriters that:

(a)Filing of Prospectuses and Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. The

Company has filed or will file each Statutory Prospectus (including the Final Prospectus) pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 424(b) not later than the second business day following the earlier of the date it is first used or the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (including the term sheet in the form of Annex I to Schedule B hereto) to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Act. The Company will advise the Representatives
promptly of any such filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and provide satisfactory evidence to the Representatives of such timely filing. The Company has complied and will comply with Rule 433.

-14-

(b)Filing of Amendments: Response to Commission Requests. The
Company will promptly advise the Representatives of any proposal to amend or supplement at any time the Registration Statement or any Statutory Prospectus and will not effect such amendment or supplementation without the Representatives consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld; and the Company will also advise the Representatives promptly of (i) any amendment or supplementation of a Registration Statement or the Statutory Prospectus, (ii) any request by the Commission or its staff
for any amendment to the Registration Statement, for any supplement to any Statutory Prospectus or for any additional information, (iii) the institution by the Commission of any stop order proceedings in respect of the Registration Statement or the
threatening of any proceeding for that purpose, and (iv) the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Offered Securities in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any
proceedings for such purpose. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the suspension of any such qualification and, if issued, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof.

(c)Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term
sheet containing only a description of the Offered Securities, in a form approved by the Underwriters and attached as Annex I to Schedule B hereto, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act within the time required
by such rule (such term sheet, the Term Sheet). Any such Term Sheet is a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement.

(d)Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. If, at any time
when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is (or but for the exemption in Rule 172 would be) required to be delivered under the Act by any Underwriter or dealer, any event occurs as a result of which the Final Prospectus as then amended
or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at
any time to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Final Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives of such event and will promptly prepare and file with the Commission and furnish, at its
own expense, to the Underwriters and the dealers and any other dealers upon request of the Representatives, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission or an amendment which will effect such compliance. Neither the
Representatives consent to, nor the Underwriters delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5 hereof.

(e)Rule 158. As soon as practicable, but not later than 16
months after the date hereof the Company will make generally available to its security holders an earnings statement covering a period of at least 12 months beginning after the date hereof and satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act
and Rule 158 under the Act.

(f)Furnishing of Prospectuses. The Company will furnish to
the Representatives copies of the Registration Statement, including all exhibits, and upon the request of the Representatives, signed copies of the Registration Statement, any Statutory Prospectus, and, so long as a prospectus relating to the
Offered Securities is (or but for the exemption in Rule 172 would be) required to be delivered under the Act, the Final Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents, in each case in such quantities as the Representatives
reasonably request. The Final Prospectus shall be so furnished within two business days following the execution and delivery of this Agreement unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Representative. All other such documents shall be so
furnished as soon as reasonably available. The Company will pay the expenses of printing and distributing to the Underwriters all such documents.

(g)Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall cooperate with the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters to
qualify or register the Offered Securities for resale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the U.S. state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Underwriters, shall comply with such laws and shall
continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Offered Securities. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would
subject it to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or subject to taxation.

-15-

(h) Reserved.

(i) Payment of Expenses. The Company and the Guarantor will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and the Indenture, including but not limited to (i) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and its professional advisors, (ii) any filing fees and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the
Guarantor or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Offered Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws of
such jurisdictions as the Representatives designate and the preparation and printing of memoranda relating thereto, (iii) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters, in an amount not to exceed
$20,000, in connection with, the FINRAs review and approval of the Underwriters participation in the offering and distribution of the Offered Securities, (iv) fees and expenses in connection with the registration of the Offered Securities under the
Exchange Act, (v) expenses incurred in distributing preliminary prospectuses and the Final Prospectus (including any amendments and supplements thereto) to the Underwriters and expenses incurred in preparing, printing and distributing any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectuses to investors or prospective investors, (vi) any fees charged by investment rating agencies for the rating of the Offered Securities, and (vii) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the
Registration Statement. The Company and the Guarantor will also pay or reimburse the Underwriters (to the extent incurred by them) for costs and expenses of the Companys officers and employees and any other expenses of the Company and the Guarantor
relating to investor presentations or any road show in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities including, without limitation, any travel expenses of the Companys and the Guarantors officers and employees, provided,
however, that the Underwriters will pay 50% of the costs and expenses of any chartered flight. Except as provided in this Agreement, the Underwriters shall pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees and disbursement of their counsel.

(j)Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds
received in connection with this offering in the manner described in the Use of Proceeds section of the General Disclosure Package.

(k)Absence of Manipulation. In connection with the offering,
until the Representatives shall have notified the Company and the other Underwriters of the completion of the resale of the Offered Securities, neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their affiliates will, either alone or with one or more
other persons, bid for or purchase for any account in which it or any of its affiliates has a beneficial interest any Offered Securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any Offered Securities; and neither it nor any of its affiliates
will make bids or purchases for the purpose of creating actual, or apparent, active trading in, or of raising the price of, the Offered Securities.

(l)Restriction on Sale of Securities. During the period from
the date hereof through and including the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of any debt securities issued by the Company and having a
tenor of more than one year; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such restriction shall not apply to any redemption or repurchase by the Company of any of its debt securities.

(m)Eligibility for Clearance. The Company and the Guarantor will reasonably assist the Underwriters to permit the Offered Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of DTC.

-16-

4.Free Writing Communications. Each of the Company and the Guarantor
represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter severally represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not made and will
not make any offer relating to the Offered Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission. Any
such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the Representatives (including the term sheet in the form of Annex I to Schedule B hereto) is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the
requirements of Rules 164 and 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping.

5.Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the
several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Offered Securities will be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each of the Company and the Guarantor herein on the date hereof and on the Closing Date (as though made on
the Closing Date), to the accuracy of the statements of officers of each of the Company and the Guarantor made pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by each of the Company and the Guarantor of their respective obligations hereunder
and to the following additional conditions precedent:

(a) Grant Thornton Comfort Letters. The Representatives shall have received letters, dated respectively the date
hereof and the Closing Date, of Grant Thornton LLP, confirming that it is a registered public accounting firm and independent public accountant within the meaning of the Securities Laws, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Underwriters concerning the financial information with respect to the Company and Endeavor set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus.

(b) Reserved.

(c) Reserve Engineer Letters.The Representatives shall have received
letters, dated respectively the date hereof and the Closing Date, of Ryder Scott, with respect to the Company and Viper, and Netherland Sewell, with respect to Endeavor, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Representatives, containing
statements and information in the type customarily included in such letters to underwriters with respect to the reserves and other operational information contained or incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package and the Final
Prospectus.

(d)Filing of Prospectus. The Final Prospectus shall have been
filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing in accordance with the Rules and Regulations and Section 3(a) hereof. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or of any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Underwriter, shall be contemplated by the Commission.

-17-

(e)No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred (i) any change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which, in the judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offer, sale or delivery of the Offered Securities or to enforce contracts for
the sale of the Offered Securities; (ii) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities or preferred stock of the Company or the Guarantor by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the
Exchange Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities or preferred stock of the Company or the Guarantor (other than an announcement with positive implications of a
possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or any announcement that the Company or the Guarantor has been placed on negative outlook; (iii) any change in U.S. or international financial, political or economic
conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offer, sale or delivery of the Offered Securities or to
enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Securities; (iv) any suspension or material limitation of trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Global Select Market, or any setting of minimum or maximum prices
for trading on such exchange; (v) any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company or the Guarantor on any exchange; (vi) any banking moratorium declared by any U.S. federal or New York authorities; (vii) any major disruption of
settlements of securities, payment or clearance services in the United States or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities or act of terrorism involving the United States, any declaration of war by Congress or any other national
or international calamity or emergency if, in the judgment of the Representatives, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, act, declaration, calamity or emergency is such as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the
offer, sale or delivery of the Offered Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Securities.

(f)Opinion of Counsel for the Company and the Guarantor. The
Representatives shall have received an opinion letter and a negative assurance letter, dated the Closing Date, of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, counsel for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Representatives.

(g)Reserved.

(h)Opinion of Chief Legal Officer for the Company. The
Representatives shall have received an opinion letter, dated the Closing Date, of P. Matt Zmigrosky, Chief Legal Officer for the Company and the Guarantor, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives.

(i)Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. The
Representatives shall have received from Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, dated the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may require, and the Company and the Guarantor
shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they reasonably request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters.

(j)Officers Certificate. The Representatives shall have
received a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of an executive officer of the Company and the Guarantor and a principal financial or accounting officer of the Company and the Guarantor in which such officers shall state that (i) the
representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantor in this Agreement are true and correct, (ii) the Company and the Guarantor have complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied
hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date, (iii) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to their knowledge, are contemplated by the
Commission and (iv) subsequent to the date of the most recent financial statements in the General Disclosure Package there has been no material adverse change, nor has any development or event occurred that would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as set forth in the General Disclosure Package or as
described in such certificate.

(k)DTC Eligibility. The Notes shall be eligible for clearance
and settlement through DTC.

-18-

(l)Supplemental Indenture. The Underwriters shall
have received a counterpart of the Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Offered Securities that shall have been validly executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Guarantor and the Trustee.

The Company and the Guarantor will furnish the Underwriters with any additional customary certificates, letters and documents as the Representatives reasonably request and conformed copies of
documents delivered pursuant to this Section 5. The Representatives may in their sole discretion waive on behalf of the Underwriters compliance with any conditions to the obligations of the Underwriters hereunder, whether in respect of a
Closing Date or otherwise.

6.Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company
and the Guarantor will indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act,
the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of any material fact contained in any part of the Registration Statement at any time, any Statutory Prospectus as of any time, the General Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, including any
investor presentations or any road show used in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and will reimburse each Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with
investigating or defending against any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with
the enforcement of this provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantor will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability
arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter
through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in subsection (b) below.

(b) Indemnification of the Company and the Guarantor. Each Underwriter will severally and not jointly indemnify and
hold harmless each of the Company and the Guarantor and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Underwriter Indemnified Party), against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which such Underwriter Indemnified Party may become subject, under the
Act, the Exchange Act, or other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of any material fact contained in the Registration Statement at any time, any Statutory Prospectus at any time, the Final Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or arise out of or are based upon the omission or the alleged
omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by
such Underwriter Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party
thereto), whether threatened or commenced, based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses are incurred, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by
any Underwriter consists of the following information in the Final Prospectus furnished on behalf of each Underwriter: the information contained in the first sentence of the fifth paragraph, the third sentence in the eighth paragraph, the eleventh
paragraph and the twelfth paragraph, in each case under the caption Underwriting.

-19-

(c) Actions against Parties; Notification. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6
of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under subsection (a) or (b) above, notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; but the
failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under subsection (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses)
by such failure; and provided further that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under subsection (a) or (b) above. In case any such action is
brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party
similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and after notice from the indemnifying
party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 6 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such
indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. In any such proceeding, any indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at
the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to
the indemnified party; (iii) the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party; or (iv) the named parties in any
such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them.
It is understood and agreed that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel)
for all indemnified parties, and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened
action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all
liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. The indemnifying party shall not be
liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to
indemnify each indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.

-20-

(d)Contribution. If the indemnification provided for
in this Section 6 is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of
the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsection (a) or (b) above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor on the one hand and the Underwriters on the
other from the offering of the Offered Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantor on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or
liabilities as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantor on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net
proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters from the Company under this Agreement. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company and the Guarantor or the Underwriters and the parties
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The amount paid by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall
be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this
subsection (d), no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Offered Securities purchased by it were resold exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission. The Underwriters obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion to their respective purchase
obligations and not joint. The Company, the Guarantor and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6(d) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were
treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 6(d).

(e) The remedies provided for in this Section 6 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies that may otherwise be available to any
indemnified party at law or in equity.

7.Default of Underwriters. If any Underwriter or Underwriters default
in their obligations to purchase Offered Securities hereunder and the aggregate principal amount of Offered Securities that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10% of the total principal amount
of Offered Securities that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date, the Representatives may make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons, including any of the
Underwriters, but if no such arrangements are made by the Closing Date, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated severally, in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder, to purchase the Offered Securities that such defaulting
Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase on the Closing Date. If any Underwriter or Underwriters so default and the aggregate principal amount of Offered Securities with respect to which such default or defaults occur exceeds 10% of the total
principal amount of Offered Securities that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons are not
made within 36 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except as provided in Section 8. As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter
includes any person substituted for a Underwriter under this Section 7. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Underwriter from liability for its default.

-21-

8.Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations. The respective
indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, the Guarantor or their respective officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect, regardless of any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective Representatives, officers or directors or any controlling person, and
will survive delivery of and payment for the Offered Securities. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7 or if for any reason the purchase of the Offered Securities by the Underwriters is not consummated, the Company and the
Guarantor shall remain responsible for the expenses to be paid or reimbursed by them pursuant to Section 3 and the respective obligations of the Company and the Guarantor and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 6 shall remain in
effect. If the purchase of the Offered Securities by the Underwriters is not consummated for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7 or the occurrence of any event specified in clause
(iii), (iv), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of Section 5(e), the Company and the Guarantor will reimburse the Underwriters for all accountable out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) reasonably incurred by them in
connection with the offering of the Offered Securities. In addition, if any Offered Securities have been purchased hereunder, the representations and warranties in Section 1 and all obligations under Section 3 shall remain in
effect.

Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and, if sent to the Underwriters will be mailed, hand-delivered, telecopied or transmitted
electronically and confirmed to the Underwriters, (i) c/o BofA Securities, Inc., 114 West 47th Street, NY8-114-07-01, New York, New York 10036, Attention: High Grade Debt Capital Markets Transaction Management/Legal (fax (212) 901-7881); (ii)
Barclays Capital Inc., 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10019; Attention: Syndicate Registration, Facsimile No.: (646) 834-8133; (iii) c/o PNC Capital Markets LLC, 300 Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222, Attention: Debt Capital
Markets, Fixed Income Transaction Execution, Facsimile: (412) 762-2760 and (iv) c/o TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10017, Attention: DCM-Transaction Advisory, Email:
USTransactionadvisory@tdsecurities.com; or, if sent to the Company or the Guarantor, will be mailed, hand-delivered, telecopied or transmitted electronically and confirmed to it at 500 West Texas Ave., Suite 1200, Midland, Texas 79701 Attention: P.
Matt Zmigrosky; provided, however, that any notice to a Underwriter pursuant to Section 6 will be mailed, hand-delivered, telecopied or transmitted electronically and confirmed to such Underwriter.

9.Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers, directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 6, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

10.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered (by telecopy, electronic delivery or otherwise) to the other parties. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail (including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of
2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law, e.g., www. Docusign.com) in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a
document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.

11.Representation of Underwriters. The Representatives will act for the
several Underwriters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and any action under this Agreement taken by the Representatives will be binding upon all the Underwriters.

12.Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. Each of the Company and the
Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that:

(a)No Other Relationship. The Underwriters have been
retained solely to act as underwriters in connection with the sale of the Offered Securities and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company or the Guarantor, on the one hand, and any Underwriter has been created in
respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Final Prospectus, irrespective of whether any Underwriter has advised or are advising the Company or the Guarantor on other matters. Any review by the Representatives or any
Underwriter of the Company, the Guarantor, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Representatives of such Underwriter, as the case may be, and shall not be
on behalf of the Company, the Guarantor or any other person;

-22-

(b)Arms-Length Negotiations. The purchase price of
the Offered Securities set forth in this Agreement was established by the Company and the Guarantor following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Representatives and the Company and the Guarantor are capable of evaluating and
understanding and understands and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(c)Absence of Obligation to Disclose. Each of the
Company and the Guarantor have been advised that each Underwriter and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company or the Guarantor and that each Underwriter has no
obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company or the Guarantor by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

(d)Waiver. Each of the Company and the Guarantor, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against any Underwriter for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Underwriters shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the
Company or the Guarantor in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company or the Guarantor, including members, stockholders, employees or creditors of the Company or
the Guarantor.

13.Applicable Law.
This Agreement, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the Company and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any suit or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any
such suit or proceeding in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

14. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Company and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

15. PATRIOT Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26,
2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company and the Guarantor, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well
as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients.

16. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such
Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and
obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

-23-

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this
Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For purposes of this Section 17:

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

Covered Entity means any of the following:

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii)
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

[Signature pages follow.]

-24-

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Underwriters understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to one of the counterparts hereof, whereupon it will become a binding agreement among
the Company, the Guarantor and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC.

By: /s/ Jere W Thompson

Name: Jere Thompson 

Title: 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

DIAMONDBACK E&P LLC

By: s/ Jere W Thompson 

Name: 

Jere Thompson 

Title: 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted

as of the date first above written.

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin Wehler

Name: Kevin Wehler

Title:

Managing Director 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By: /s/ John Lembeck

Name: John Lembeck

Title: Managing Director

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: /s/ Valerie Shadeck

Name: Valerie Shadeck

Title: Managing Director

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

By: /s/ Luiz Lanfredi

Name: Luiz Lanfredi

Title: Managing Director

Acting on behalf of themselves and as Representatives of the several Underwriters

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement

SCHEDULE A

Underwriters 

Aggregate Principal

Amount of 2035 Notes 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

$ 

200,040,000 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

$ 

104,040,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

$ 

104,040,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

$ 

104,040,000 

Capital One Securities, Inc. 

$ 

81,960,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 

$ 

81,960,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

$ 

81,960,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

$ 

81,960,000 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

$ 

48,000,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

$ 

48,000,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

$ 

48,000,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

$ 

48,000,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

$ 

48,000,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

$ 

48,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

$ 

48,000,000 

BOK Financial Securities, Inc. 

$ 

12,000,000 

Comerica Securities, Inc. 

$ 

12,000,000 

Total 

$ 

1,200,000,000 

SCHEDULE B

Other Information Included in the General Disclosure Package

1. 

Final term sheet, dated March 6, 2025, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex I.

ANNEX I

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433

Registration No. 333-268495

March 6, 2025

PRICING TERM SHEET

$1,200,000,000 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035

The information in this pricing term sheet supplements the registration statement and the preliminary prospectus supplement and supersedes the information in the registration statement and the preliminary prospectus
supplement to the extent inconsistent with the information in those documents. Terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings as set forth in the preliminary prospectus supplement.

Issuer: 

Diamondback Energy, Inc.

Securities: 

5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes)

Format: 

SEC Registered

Trade Date: 

March 6, 2025

Settlement Date: 

March 20, 2025 (T+10)

It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about March 20, 2025, which is the tenth business day following the Trade Date (such settlement cycle being referred to as
T+10). Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise.
Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on any date prior to the business day before the Settlement Date will be required to specify alternative settlement arrangements at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement.

Anticipated Ratings:* 

Moodys: Baa2 (Stable)

S&P: BBB (Stable)

Fitch: BBB+ (Stable)

Principal Amount: 

$1,200,000,000

*Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.

Maturity Date: 

April 1, 2035

Benchmark Treasury: 

UST 4.625%, due February 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury Price/Yield: 

102-25 / 4.278%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: 

+128 bps

Yield to Maturity: 

5.558%

Price to Public: 

99.937% of principal amount, plus accrued interest, if any from March 20, 2025

Coupon: 

5.550% per annum

Interest Payment Dates: 

April 1 and October 1, commencing October 1, 2025

Record Dates: 

March 15 and September 15

Optional Redemption: 

At any time prior to January 1, 2035, make whole call as set forth in the preliminary prospectus supplement (treasury rate plus 20 basis points), plus accrued interest to, but not including, the redemption date. At any time on or after
January 1, 2035, at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest to the redemption date.

CUSIP/ISIN: 

25278X BC2 / US25278XBC20

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

BofA Securities, Inc.

Barclays Capital Inc.

PNC Capital Markets LLC

TD Securities (USA) LLC

Passive Book-Runners: 

Capital One Securities, Inc.

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

Truist Securities, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Senior Co-Managers: 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

BOK Financial Securities, Inc.

Comerica Securities, Inc.

*** 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the
prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at
www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling BofA Securities, Inc. toll-free at 1-800-294-1322,Barclays Capital Inc.toll free at 1-888-603-5847, PNC Capital Markets LLC toll free at 1-855-881-0697 or TD Securities (USA) LLC toll free at 1-855-495-9846.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20044934x4_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Diamondback Energy Prices Offering of Senior Notes

March 6, 2025

MIDLAND, Texas, March 6, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diamondback Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: FANG) (Diamondback) announced today that it has priced an offering (the Notes Offering) of $1,200,000,000 in aggregate principal
amount of 5.550% senior notes that will mature on April 1, 2035 (the Notes). The price to the public is 99.937% of the principal amount of the Notes.

Diamondback intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, paying a portion of the cash consideration for the pending acquisition of certain
subsidiaries of Double Eagle IV Midco, LLC and paying fees, costs and expenses related thereto. The Notes Offering is expected to close on March 20, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The Notes will be sold in a registered offering pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, a prospectus supplement and
related base prospectus for the Notes Offering.

BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC have served as joint book-running managers for the Notes Offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement
and related base prospectus for the Notes Offering may be obtained from BofA Securities, Inc. at NC1-022-02-25, 201 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, by email to dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com and
toll free at 1-800-294-1322; Barclays Capital Inc. at c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by email to barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com and toll free at 1-888-603-5847; PNC Capital Markets LLC at 300 Fifth
Avenue, 10th Floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15222, by email to pnccmprospectus@pnc.com and toll free at 1-855-881-0697 and TD Securities (USA) LLC at 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10017 and toll free at 1-855-495-9846. Electronic copies of the
prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for the Notes Offering will also be available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov.

This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. The Notes Offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related base prospectus.

About Diamondback Energy, Inc.

Diamondback is an independent oil and natural gas company headquartered in Midland, Texas focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in
the Permian Basin in West Texas.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including those relating to the expected timing of the closing of the Notes Offering. All statements, other than
historical facts, that address activities that Diamondback assumes, plans, expects, believes, intends or anticipates (and other similar expressions) will, should or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking
statements are based on managements current beliefs, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the results to
differ materially from those expected by the management of Diamondback. Information concerning these risks and other factors can be found in Diamondbacks filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, the
preliminary prospectus supplement filed by Diamondback for the Notes Offering and any amendments or supplements thereto, which can be obtained free of charge on the Securities and Exchange Commissions web site at http://www.sec.gov. Diamondback
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement.

Investor Contact:

Adam Lawlis

+1 432.221.7467

alawlis@diamondbackenergy.com

Source: Diamondback Energy, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fang-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fang-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fang-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ny20044934x4_ex99-1img01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35700

Entity Registrant Name DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001539838

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-4502447

Entity Address, Address Line One 500 West Texas Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Midland

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 79701

City Area Code 432

Local Phone Number 221-7400

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol FANG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://ir.diamondbackenergy.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fang-20250306.xsd 
fang-20250306_lab.xml 
fang-20250306_pre.xml 
ny20044934x4_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-007771-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ny20044934x4_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001539838 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

false 
0001539838 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC. 
DE 
001-35700 
45-4502447 
500 West Texas Ave. 
Suite 100 
Midland 
TX 
79701 
432 
221-7400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
FANG 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>