<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-006524.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-006524.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228161153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-006524
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001743881
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38959
		FILM NUMBER:		25690299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3160 PORTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 391-9740

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3160 PORTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BridgeBio Pharma LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20044715_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000174388100017438812025-02-242025-02-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 24, 2025

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

001-38959

84-1850815

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

3160 Porter Dr., Suite 250 

Palo Alto, CA 

94304

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(650)391-9740

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

BBIO

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Indenture and Notes

On February 28, 2025, BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (BridgeBio) issued an aggregate of $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031
(the Notes), pursuant to an Indenture dated February 28, 2025 (the Indenture), between BridgeBio and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers (the Note
Offering) pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Notes issued in the Note Offering include $75.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes sold to the initial purchasers (the Initial
Purchasers) pursuant to the exercise in full of the Initial Purchasers option to purchase additional Notes.

The Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of BridgeBio and will accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on
September 1, 2025, at a rate of 1.75% per year. The Notes will mature on March 1, 2031, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The Notes are convertible into cash, shares of BridgeBios common stock or a combination of cash and shares
of BridgeBios common stock, at BridgeBios election.

The net proceeds BridgeBio received from the Note Offering are equal to approximately $563.0 million, after deducting the Initial Purchasers discount and estimated
offering expenses payable by BridgeBio. BridgeBio used approximately $48.3 million to pay the cost of Repurchases (as defined below) of shares of its common stock described below. BridgeBio also used a portion of the net proceeds from the Note
Offering to repay all outstanding borrowings under, and terminate, the Financing Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2024, with the lenders party thereto and Blue Owl Corporation, as administrative agent, as amended on February 12, 2024 and June 20,
2024 (the Financing Agreement), and pay any fees related thereto. BridgeBio expects to use any remaining net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes.

A holder of Notes may convert all or any portion of its Notes at its option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December
2, 2030 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of BridgeBios common stock for
at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion
price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes
for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of BridgeBios common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if BridgeBio calls such notes for redemption, at any
time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified BridgeBio corporate events. On or after December 2, 2030 until the close of business on the second
scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder may convert all or any portion of its Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.

The conversion rate will initially be 20.0773 shares of BridgeBios common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of
approximately $49.81 per share of BridgeBios common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior
to the maturity date, BridgeBio will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event.

BridgeBio may not redeem the Notes prior to March 6, 2028. BridgeBio may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at its option, on a redemption date occurring on
or after March 6, 2028 and on or before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, if (i) the Notes are freely tradable (as defined in the Indenture) as of the date BridgeBio sends the related redemption notice and all
accrued and unpaid additional interest, if any, has been paid in full as of the first interest payment date occurring on or before the date BridgeBio sends such notice; and (ii) the last reported sale price of BridgeBios common stock has been at
least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which BridgeBio provides notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive
trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which BridgeBio provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. If BridgeBio undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders may require BridgeBio to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a fundamental change
repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date.

The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not
less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the Notes plus accrued special interest, if any, to be immediately due and payable.

The Notes are BridgeBios general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all of BridgeBios indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of
payment to the Notes; equal in right of payment with all of BridgeBios liabilities that are not so subordinated, including BridgeBios 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 and 2.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029; effectively junior to any
of BridgeBios secured indebtedness and obligations, including its obligations under the Funding Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2024, with the purchasers and collateral agent party thereto, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such
indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of BridgeBios subsidiaries.

A copy of the Indenture and form of Note are filed as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference
herein. The foregoing description of the Indenture and Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits.

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02.

BridgeBio used a portion of the net proceeds from the Note Offering to repay all outstanding borrowings under the Financing Agreement and pay any related fees thereto. 
The Financing Agreement was terminated on February 28, 2025.

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

BridgeBios offering and sale of the Notes to the Initial Purchasers was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. BridgeBio relied on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by the Initial Purchasers in the purchase agreement for the Notes, including that the Initial Purchasers would only offer, sell or deliver
the Notes to persons whom they believed to be qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Companys common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in
reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 16,739,400 shares of BridgeBios common stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes,
based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 29.1120 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions.

The Notes and BridgeBios common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in
the United States absent registration or applicable exemption from registration requirements.

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

On February 24, 2025, BridgeBio issued a press release announcing its intention to offer the Notes. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and
incorporated herein by reference.

On February 25, 2025, BridgeBio issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Notes . A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and
incorporated herein by reference.

Share Repurchases

BridgeBio used approximately $48.3 million of the net proceeds from the Note Offering to repurchase shares of its common stock concurrently with the closing of the Note
Offering on February 28, 2025 from certain purchasers of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the Initial Purchasers or an affiliate thereof concurrently with the pricing of the Notes (the Repurchases). The
agreed to purchase price per share of common stock in the Repurchases is equal to $34.35, which was the last reported sale price per share of BridgeBios common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on February 25, 2025. The Repurchases could
have increased (or reduced the size of any decrease in) the market price of BridgeBios common stock or the Notes.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Forward-looking statements are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, seeks, should, will, and
variations of such words or similar expressions. BridgeBio intends these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements, including statements relating to the anticipated use of the net proceeds of the Note Offering and BridgeBios
expectations regarding the effect of the Repurchases, reflect BridgeBios current views about its plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to BridgeBio and on assumptions it
has made. Although BridgeBio believes that its plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, BridgeBio can give no assurance that the plans, intentions,
expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including,
but not limited to, those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of BridgeBios most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other SEC filings. Moreover, BridgeBio operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new
risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of BridgeBios management as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, BridgeBio assumes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description of Exhibit

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee.

4.2 

Form of Global Note, representing BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.s 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit
4.1).

99.1 

Press Release dated February 24, 2025.

99.2 

Press Release dated February 25, 2025.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

Date: February 28, 2025 /s/ Neil Kumar, Ph.D.

Neil Kumar, Ph.D.

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20044715_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution

BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC.

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 28, 2025

1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 

1

Section 1.01 

Definitions 

1

Section 1.02 

References to Interest 

14

ARTICLE 2 ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 

14

Section 2.01 

Designation and Amount 

14

Section 2.02 

Form of Notes 

15

Section 2.03 

Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts 

15

Section 2.04 

Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 

17

Section 2.05 

Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary 

18

Section 2.06 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 

24

Section 2.07 

Temporary Notes 

25

Section 2.08 

Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc 

26

Section 2.09 

CUSIP Numbers 

26

Section 2.10 

Additional Notes; Repurchases 

26

ARTICLE 3 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

27

Section 3.01 

Satisfaction and Discharge 

27

ARTICLE 4 PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 

27

Section 4.01 

Payment of Principal and Interest 

27

Section 4.02 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 

27

Section 4.03 

Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 

28

Section 4.04 

Provisions as to Paying Agent 

28

Section 4.05 

Existence 

29

Section 4.06 

Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 

29

Section 4.07 

Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 

33

Section 4.08 

Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults 

33

Section 4.09 

Further Instruments and Acts 

33

ARTICLE 5 LISTS OF HOLDERS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE 

33

Section 5.01 

Lists of Holders 

33

Section 5.02 

Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 

33

i

ARTICLE 6 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

34

Section 6.01 

Events of Default 

34

Section 6.02 

Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 

35

Section 6.03 

Additional Interest 

37

Section 6.04 

Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 

37

Section 6.05 

Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 

39

Section 6.06 

Proceedings by Holders 

39

Section 6.07 

Proceedings by Trustee 

40

Section 6.08 

Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 

41

Section 6.09 

Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 

41

Section 6.10 

Notice of Defaults 

42

Section 6.11 

Undertaking to Pay Costs 

42

ARTICLE 7 CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE 

42

Section 7.01 

Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 

42

Section 7.02 

Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc 

44

Section 7.03 

No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc 

46

Section 7.04 

Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes 

46

Section 7.05 

Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust 

46

Section 7.06 

Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 

46

Section 7.07 

Officers Certificate as Evidence 

47

Section 7.08 

Eligibility of Trustee 

47

Section 7.09 

Resignation or Removal of Trustee 

47

Section 7.10 

Acceptance by Successor Trustee 

48

Section 7.11 

Succession by Merger, Etc. 

49

Section 7.12 

Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 

49

ARTICLE 8 CONCERNING THE HOLDERS 50

Section 8.01 

Action by Holders 50

Section 8.02 

Proof of Execution by Holders 

50

Section 8.03 

Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 

50

Section 8.04 

Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 

51

Section 8.05 

Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 

51

ARTICLE 9 HOLDERS MEETINGS 

51

Section 9.01 

Purpose of Meetings 

51

Section 9.02 

Call of Meetings by Trustee 

52

Section 9.03 

Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 

52

Section 9.04 

Qualifications for Voting 

52

Section 9.05 

Regulations 

53

Section 9.06 

Voting 

53

ii

Section 9.07 

No Delay of Rights by Meeting 

53

ARTICLE 10 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 

54

Section 10.01 

Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 

54

Section 10.02 

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 

55

Section 10.03 

Effect of Supplemental Indentures 

56

Section 10.04 

Notation on Notes 

56

Section 10.05 

Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee 

56

ARTICLE 11 CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE 

57

Section 11.01 

Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 

57

Section 11.02 

Successor Corporation to Be Substituted 

57

ARTICLE 12 IMMUNITY OF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

58

Section 12.01 

Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 

58

ARTICLE 13 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

58

ARTICLE 14 CONVERSION OF NOTES 

58

Section 14.01 

Conversion Privilege 

58

Section 14.02 

Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion 

62

Section 14.03 

Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption 

67

Section 14.04 

Adjustment of Conversion Rate 

69

Section 14.05 

Adjustments of Prices 

78

Section 14.06 

Shares to Be Fully Paid 

78

Section 14.07 

Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock 

79

Section 14.08 

Certain Covenants 

81

Section 14.09 

Responsibility of Trustee 

81

Section 14.10 

Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions 

82

Section 14.11 

Stockholder Rights Plans 

82

Section 14.12 

Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 

83

ARTICLE 15 REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERS 

83

Section 15.01 

[Intentionally Omitted] 

83

Section 15.02 

Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 

83

Section 15.03 

Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 

86

Section 15.04 

Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 

87

iii

Section 15.05 

Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 

87

ARTICLE 16 OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 

88

Section 16.01 

Optional Redemption 

88

Section 16.02 

Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes 

88

Section 16.03 

Payment of Notes Called for Redemption 

90

Section 16.04 

Restrictions on Redemption 

90

ARTICLE 17 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

91

Section 17.01 

Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 91

Section 17.02 

Official Acts by Successor Corporation 

91

Section 17.03 

Addresses for Notices, Etc 91

Section 17.04 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction 

92

Section 17.05 

Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 

92

Section 17.06 

Legal Holidays 

93

Section 17.07 

No Security Interest Created 93

Section 17.08 

Benefits of Indenture 93

Section 17.09 

Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 93

Section 17.10 

Authenticating Agent 

93

Section 17.11 

Execution in Counterparts 

94

Section 17.12 

Severability 95

Section 17.13 

Waiver of Jury Trial 95

Section 17.14 

Force Majeure 95

Section 17.15 

Calculations 95

Section 17.16 

USA PATRIOT Act 95

iv

INDENTURE dated as of February 28, 2025 between BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee (the Trustee, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate
purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
$575,000,000, and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the
certificate of authentication to be borne by each Note, the Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms
hereinafter provided; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent, as in this Indenture provided, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this
Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and performed, and the execution of this Indenture and the issuance hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in consideration of
the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes (except as
otherwise provided below), as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01
(except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in
this Article include the plural as well as the singular.

Additional Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 4.06(c), Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03, as applicable.

Additional Shares shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a).

1

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes of this Indenture shall be made based
on the facts at the time such determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be, hereunder.

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Company or the Person appointed by the Company to
solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(i). The Company shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent.

Board of Directors means the board of directors (or the functional equivalent
thereof) of the Company or any duly authorized committee of such board.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors (or duly authorized committee thereof), and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification.

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.

Capital Stock means, for any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to
purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity, but shall not include any debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for any securities otherwise
constituting Capital Stock pursuant to this definition.

Cash Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

close of business means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time).

Combination Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as from time to time
constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or, if at any time after the execution of this instrument such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties
at such time.

2

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally
entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or
policies of such Person.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, at
the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 14.07.

Company shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture,
and subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns.

Company Order means a written order of the Company signed by any of its Officers
and delivered to the Trustee.

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a).

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(c).

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a).

Conversion Price means as of any time, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such time.

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a).

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any
time this Indenture shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, West Side Flats, Saint Paul, 60 Livingston Avenue, Saint Paul, MN 55107, Attention: BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.
Administrator, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the designated corporate trust office of any successor trustee (or such other address as such successor trustee may
designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, with
respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto.

Daily Conversion Value means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during
the Observation Period, 1/40th of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day.

Daily Measurement Value means the Specified Dollar Amount (if any), divided by 40.

Daily Settlement Amount, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the
Observation Period, shall consist of:

3

(a)cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily
Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day; and

(b)if the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day exceeds the
Daily Measurement Value, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii)
the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day.

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant
Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page BBIO AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from
the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day
determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP
shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or both, would
be, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the
Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, principal and interest) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for.

Default Interest shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c).

Default Settlement Method means Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar
Amount of $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that the Company may, from time to time, change the Default Settlement Method by sending notice of
the new Default Settlement Method to the Holders, Trustee and Conversion Agent; and provided, further that the Company may, by notice to Holders, elect to irrevocably fix the
Settlement Method, to any Settlement Method that it is then permitted to elect, including Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes of $1,000 or with an ability to continue to set the Specified
Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes at or above any specific amount set forth in such election notice, that will apply to all Note conversions with a Conversion Date that is on or after the date the Company sends such notice. For the
avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made, will be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 10.01(m).

Deferred Additional Interest shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.06(f)(i).

Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request shall have the meaning specified in
Section 4.06(f)(i).

Depositary means, with respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and
thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor.

4

Designated Financial Institution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a).

Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c), except that, as used in Section 14.04 and Section 14.05, Effective Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share
split or share combination, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be
considered regular way for this purpose.

Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on
the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in
the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker
symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Election shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a).

Exempted Fundamental Change shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(f).

Form of Assignment and Transfer means the Form of Assignment and Transfer
attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means the Form of Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Note means the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Notice of Conversion means the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as
Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

5

Freely Tradable means, with respect to any Note, that such Note would be eligible
to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise if held by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company, and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, without
any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice under the Securities Act (except that, during the six (6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six (6) months after the Last
Original Issue Date of such Note, any such requirement as to the availability of current public information will be disregarded if the same is satisfied at that time); provided,
however, that from and after the date that is one year after the last original issue date of such Note, such Note will not be Freely Tradable unless such Note (x) is
identified by an unrestricted CUSIP or ISIN number; and (y) is not represented by any certificate that bears the Restricted Note Legend. For the avoidance of doubt, whether a Note is deemed to be identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number
or to bear the Restricted Note Legend is subject to Section 2.05(c).

Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are
originally issued if any of the following occurs:

(a)a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, has become the
direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of Common Stock representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Common Stock and has filed a Schedule TO (or any successor schedule, form or report) or
any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act that discloses such fact, unless such beneficial ownership arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the
applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act and is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act; provided,
that no person or group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or
exchange under such offer;

(b)the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification
or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination or solely a change in par value) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other
property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction
or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more of the Companys direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described in clause (A) or clause (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such
transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions
(relative to each other) as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b);

6

(c)the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal
for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(d)the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes)
ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors);

provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change, if at least 90% of the consideration received or to be received by the common stockholders of
the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of
The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a
result of such transaction or transactions the Notes become convertible into such consideration, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights (subject to the provisions of Section 14.02(a)). If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by the securities of another entity occurs, following completion of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change
Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change but for the proviso immediately following clause (d) of this definition, following the effective date of such transaction)
references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity.

For purposes of this definition of Fundamental Change, any transaction or series of related transactions that constitute a Fundamental Change pursuant to
both clause (a) and clause (b) of this definition (determined without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of this definition) shall be deemed a Fundamental Change solely under clause (b) of this definition (subject to such proviso).

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(c).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(b)(i).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a).

The terms given, mailed,

notify or sent with respect to any notice to be given to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture, shall
mean notice (x) given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices or procedures at the Depositary (in the case of
a Global Note) or (y) mailed to such Holder by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register (in the case of a Physical Note), in each case, in accordance with Section 17.03. 

Notice so given shall be deemed to include any notice to be mailed or delivered, as applicable, under this Indenture.

7

Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b).

Holder, as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term
beneficial holder), means any Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register.

Indenture means this instrument as originally executed or, if amended or
supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented.

Initial Purchasers means the initial purchasers set forth on Schedule 1 to the
Purchase Agreement.

Interest Payment Date means each March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on
September 1, 2025 (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day).

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or any other security for which a
closing sale price must be determined) on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the
average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is
not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common
Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock (or such other security) on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally
recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours
trading or any other trading outside of regular trading session hours.

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction or event that constitutes a
Fundamental Change (as defined above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause
(b) of the definition thereof).

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a).

Market Disruption Event means, for the purposes of determining amounts due upon
conversion (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence
prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock.

8

Maturity Date means March 1, 2031.

Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i).

Merger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Non-Recourse Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Significant Subsidiary for
money borrowed that is unsecured (or secured only by the assets or equity of such Significant Subsidiary or any of such Significant Subsidiarys Subsidiaries) and which is not guaranteed, co-issued or co-borrowed by the Company or any of the
Companys other Subsidiaries (other than any of such Significant Subsidiarys Subsidiaries or holding company parent entities (other than the Company) that hold, directly or indirectly, the equity of such Significant Subsidiary and no other
material assets) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any secured or unsecured guarantees or co-borrowings thereof by such Significant Subsidiarys Subsidiaries or holding company parent entities (other than the Company)).

Note or Notes
shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture.

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(b).

Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest shall have the meaning
specified in Section 4.06(f)(i).

Notice of Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means: (i)
subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to December 2, 2030, the 40 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date; (ii) if the relevant
Conversion Date occurs on or after the date of the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes pursuant to Section 16.02 and prior to the close of business on
the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Redemption Date, the 40 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 42nd Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date; and (iii) subject to clause (ii), if
the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 2, 2030, the 40 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date.

9

Offering Memorandum means the preliminary offering memorandum dated February 24,
2025, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet dated February 25, 2025, relating to the offering and sale of the Notes.

Officer means, with respect to the Company, the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Chief Operating Officer, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller or any Assistant
Controller or the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary.

Officers Certificate, when used with respect to the Company, means a certificate
that is delivered to the Trustee and that is signed by any Officer of the Company. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent
required by the provisions of such Section. The Officer giving an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 4.08 shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the
Company.

open of business means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time).

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel, who may be
an employee of or counsel to the Company, or other counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, which opinion may contain customary exceptions and qualifications as to the matters set forth therein, that is delivered to the Trustee. Each
such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05.

Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01.

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of
Section 8.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except:

(a)Notes theretofore canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the
Trustee for cancellation;

(b)Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due and payable
and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall
act as its own Paying Agent);

(c)Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in due course;

(d)Notes converted pursuant to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08; and

(e)Notes redeemed pursuant to Article 16.

10

Partial Redemption Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(d).

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a partnership, a joint venture, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof.

Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in
denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof.

Physical Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or
a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in
exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces.

Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25,
2025, among the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representatives of the Initial Purchasers.

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction
or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination
of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by
statute, contract or otherwise).

Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Redemption Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01.

Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 16.01, 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date, in which case interest accrued to the Interest Payment Date will be paid by the
Company to Holders of record of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date, and the Redemption Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes).

Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

11

Regular Record Date, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, means the February
15 or August 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable March 1 or September 1 Interest Payment Date, respectively.

Reporting Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.03.

Resale Restriction Termination Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer
within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to
those performed by the persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct
responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Restrictive Notes Legend shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act.

Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the
principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iv).

Settlement Method means, with respect to any conversion of Notes, Physical
Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company.

Settlement Method Election Deadline shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iii)(A).

Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iii)(A).

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that meets the definition
of significant subsidiary in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission.

12

Specified Dollar Amount means the maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount
of Notes to be received upon conversion as specified in the Settlement Notice (or deemed specified as provided in Section 14.02(a)(iii)) related to any converted Notes.

Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association,
partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the
election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of
such Person.

Successor Company shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a).

Trading Day means, except for determining amounts due upon conversion as set forth
below, a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on
the Nasdaq Global Select Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S.
national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is
available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day; and provided, further, that
for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only, Trading Day means a day on which (x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock
generally occurs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if
the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for
trading, Trading Day means a Business Day.

Trading Price of the Notes on any date of determination means the average of the
secondary market bid quotations obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities
dealers the Company selects for this purpose; provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained,
then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. If, on any determination date, the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at
least one bid for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized securities dealer, then the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such determination date shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the
Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. Any such determination will be conclusive absent manifest error.

13

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, as it was in
force at the date of execution of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent required by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as so amended.

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder.

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such
Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50% in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%, the calculation of which shall exclude nominal amounts of the voting
power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests in the relevant Subsidiary not held by such person to the extent required to satisfy local minority interest requirements outside of the United States.

Section 1.02References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note in this Indenture
shall be deemed to include Additional Interest and Deferred Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest or Deferred Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(c),
Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(f) and Section 6.03. Unless the
context otherwise requires, any express mention of Additional Interest, Deferred Additional Interest, or interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest, Deferred Additional Interest, or interest in those
provisions hereof where such express mention is not made.

ARTICLE 2

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION,

REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES

Section 2.01Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated as the 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031. The aggregate principal amount of
Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is initially limited to $575,000,000, subject to Section 2.10 and except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon
registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder.

14

Section 2.02Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be
substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee,
by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. In the case of any conflict between this Indenture and a Note, the provisions of this Indenture shall control and govern to
the extent of such conflict.

Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of
this Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon
which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject.

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the
same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or
with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular
Notes are subject.

Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent
the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect redemptions, repurchases,
cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the
Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with this Indenture. Payment of principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein.

Section 2.03Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral
multiples thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall bear interest from the date specified on the face of such Note. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of
twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month.

15

(b)The Person in whose
name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Regular Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment
Date. The principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of any Physical Note, shall be payable at the office or agency of the Company designated by the Company for such purposes in the contiguous United States, which shall initially be the
Corporate Trust Office and (y) in the case of any Global Note, shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay interest (i)
on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders holding
Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by check mailed to each such Holder or, upon written application by such a Holder to the Note Registrar not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account within the United States if such Holder has provided the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) with the requisite information necessary to make such
wire transfer, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its
nominee.

(c)Any Defaulted
Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date but shall accrue interest (Default Interest) per annum at the rate borne by the
Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such relevant payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with such interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as
provided in clause (i) or (ii) below:

(i) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the
payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment
(which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the
aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the
benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10
days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment (unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date). The Company shall promptly notify the
Trustee in writing of such special record date and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each
Holder not less than 10 days prior to such special record date; provided that the Trustee has received such notice at least two Business Days prior to the date such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to the
Trustee). Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor having been so delivered, such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor
Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(c). The Trustee
shall have no responsibility whatsoever for the calculation of the Defaulted Amounts.

16

(ii) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or
designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall
be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

(d)If the first date on
which any Additional Interest begins to accrue on a Global Note is on or after the fifth (5th) Business Day before a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture
or the Notes, the amount thereof accruing in respect of the period from, and including, such first date to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will not be payable on such Interest Payment Date but will instead be deemed to accrue (without
duplication) entirely on such Interest Payment Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest will accrue as a result of the related delay).

Section 2.04Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by the manual, facsimile
or other electronic signature of one of the Officers of the Company.

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the
Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order (such Company Order to include the terms of the Notes) for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and deliver
such Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder; provided that, subject to Section 17.05, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel of the Company with respect to the issuance, authentication and delivery of such Notes.

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A
hereto, executed manually by an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of
this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated
and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

17

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes shall cease to be such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Notes had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any
Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such person was not such an Officer.

Section 2.05Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary. (a) The Company shall cause to be kept at the
Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such
register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the Note

Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such
transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new
Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture.

Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be
exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee
shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding.

All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, redemption, repurchase or conversion shall (if so required by the
Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or
its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing.

No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or
registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company and Trustee may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new
Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer.

18

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar shall be required to exchange for other Notes or register a transfer of (i)
any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion, (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn) in accordance
with Article 15 or (iii) any Notes selected for redemption in accordance with Article 16, except the unredeemed portion of any
Note being redeemed in part.

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company,
evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b)So long as the
Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, subject to the fourth paragraph from the end of Section 2.05(c) all Notes shall be
represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global Note) registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. Each Global Note shall
bear the legend required on a Global Note set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve the issuance of a
Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the procedures of the Depositary therefor.

(c)Every Note that
bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the Restrictive Notes Legend (together with any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the
legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively, the Restricted Securities) shall be subject to the
restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (including the Restrictive Notes Legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or
otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses any sale,
pledge, transfer or other disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security.

Until the date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) that is the later of
(1) the date that is one year after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 or any successor provision thereto, and (2) such later date, if any, as may be required by applicable law,
any certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof, other than Common Stock, if any, issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Restrictive Notes Legend) (unless such Notes have been
transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule
144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee):

19

THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT,
AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF
ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY, IF ANY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN OR THEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY
OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

20

No transfer of any Note prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form
of Assignment and Transfer has been checked.

Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with
their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall be entitled to instruct the Custodian in writing to so surrender any Global Note as to which any of the conditions set forth
in clause (i) through (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, the Custodian shall so surrender such Global Note for exchange; and any new Global Note so exchanged therefor shall not bear the
Restrictive Notes Legend specified in this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee upon the occurrence of the
Resale Restriction Termination Date and promptly after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has been declared effective under the Securities Act. Upon notice of the Resale
Restriction Termination Date in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, the legend set forth above shall be deemed removed from the Note, with no further action required by the Company, the Trustee, or, if applicable, the Depositary; at
such time, such Note will be deemed to be identified by the unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers provided in the certificate representing such Note; provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note and the Depositary requires a mandatory exchange or other procedure to cause such Global Note to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP
and ISIN numbers in the facilities of such Depositary, then (x) the Company will effect such exchange or procedure as soon as reasonably practicable; and (y) for purposes of Section 4.06
and the definition of Freely Tradable, such Global Note will not be deemed to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers until such time as such exchange or procedure is effected.

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture (other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.05(c)),

a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee
to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof for one or more Physical Notes in accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph.

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as
Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co.

21

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the Global Notes and a
successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the
Notes has occurred and is continuing and, subject to the Depositarys applicable procedures, a beneficial owner of any Note requests that its beneficial interest therein be issued as a Physical Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon
receipt of an Officers Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of clause (iii), a Physical Note to such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the
principal amount of such Note corresponding to such beneficial owners beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical Notes to each beneficial owner of the related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes to the Trustee such Global Notes shall be canceled.

Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.05(c)
shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the
relevant beneficial owner, shall instruct the Trustee. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered.

At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change, redeemed or transferred, such Global
Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with standing procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any interest in a Global Note is
exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change, redeemed or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such Global Note, the
principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on
such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase.

None of the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any act or omission of the
Depositary or for the payment of amounts to owners of beneficial interest in a Global Note, for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of those interests by the Depositary, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any
records of the Depositary relating to those interests.

22

(d)Until the Resale
Restriction Termination Date, any stock certificate representing Common Stock issued upon conversion of a Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration
statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in
force under the Securities Act, or such Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of a Note that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues
to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company with written notice
thereof to the Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common Stock):

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES

ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO
EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE SERIES OF NOTES UPON THE CONVERSION OF WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS ISSUED OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE
144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK
RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

23

Any such Common Stock (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred
pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided
by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent for the Common Stock,
be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d).

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this
Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such
certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express
requirements hereof.

(e)Any Note or Common
Stock issued upon the conversion or exchange of a Note that is repurchased or owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months immediately preceding) may
not be resold by the Company or such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that
results in such Note or Common Stock, as the case may be, no longer being a restricted security (as defined under Rule 144).

Section 2.06Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee or an
authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing a registration number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for
the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save
each of them harmless from any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable,
to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

24

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of such security or indemnity
as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute
Note, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from
the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14 shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or
authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such
authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft,
evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent evidence of their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06 by virtue of
the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but
shall be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition that
the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or
statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender.

Section 2.07Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by
the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the form of the Physical Notes but
with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee or such authenticating
agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee or such authenticating agent Physical Notes
(other than any Global Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes. Such exchange shall be made by the
Company at its own expense and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated
and delivered hereunder.

25

Section 2.08Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment at maturity, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or
conversion (other than any Notes exchanged pursuant to Section 14.12), if surrendered to any Person that the Company controls, to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. All
Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be canceled promptly by it. No Notes shall be authenticated in exchange for any Notes surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Trustee shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary
procedures and, after such disposition, shall deliver a certificate of such disposition to the Company, at the Companys written request in a Company Order.

Section 2.09CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such
Holders; provided that the Trustee shall have no liability for any defect in the CUSIP numbers as they appear on any Note, notice or elsewhere, and, provided, further, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that
reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers.

Section 2.10Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Holders and notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen this Indenture
and issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (other than differences in the issue date, the issue price, interest accrued prior to the issue date of such additional Notes and, if applicable,
restrictions on transfer in respect of such additional Notes) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount; provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with
the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to
the Trustee a Company Order, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required by Section 17.05,
as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, subject to applicable law, the Company or its Subsidiaries may directly or indirectly repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether through private or public tender or exchange
offers, cash-settled swaps or other cash-settled derivatives. The Company may, at its option and to the extent permitted by applicable law, reissue, resell or surrender to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes that the Company may repurchase,
in the case of a reissuance or resale, so long as such Notes do not constitute Restricted Securities upon such reissuance or resale. Any Notes that the Company or its Subsidiaries may repurchase will be considered outstanding for all purposes
herein (other than, at any time when such Notes are held by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any subsidiary of any of the Companys Affiliates, for the purpose of determining whether Holders of the requisite aggregate
principal amount of the Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture) unless and until such time the Company surrenders the Notes to the Trustee for cancellation and, upon receipt of a Company Order,
the Trustee will cancel all the Notes so surrendered.

26

ARTICLE 3

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section 3.01Satisfaction and Discharge. (a) This Indenture and the Notes shall cease to be of further effect when (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (x) Notes which have
been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06 and (y) Notes for whose payment money has heretofore been deposited in trust
or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 4.04(d)) have been delivered to the Trustee for
cancellation; or (ii) the Company has deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon
conversion or otherwise, cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof, as applicable, solely to satisfy the Companys Conversion Obligation, sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this
Indenture or the Notes by the Company; and (b) the Trustee upon request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate and at the expense of the Company, shall execute such instruments reasonably requested by the Company acknowledging
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes, when the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive.

ARTICLE 4

PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section 4.01Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal (including the Redemption
Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Notes.

Section 4.02Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain in the contiguous United States, an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for
payment or repurchase (Paying Agent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent) and where notices and
demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the
Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the office
or agency of the Trustee in the contiguous United States.

The Company may also from time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or
surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the
Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the contiguous United States, for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any
such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional
or other offices or agencies, as applicable.

27

The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office as
the office or agency in the contiguous United States, where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase or for conversion and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in
respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served; provided that the Corporate Trust Office shall not be a place for service of legal process for the Company.

Section 4.03Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder.

Section 4.04Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the Company
will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04:

(i) that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on,
the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes;

(ii) that it will give the Trustee prompt notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued
and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and

(iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust.

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if
applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) or accrued and unpaid
interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action; provided that if such
deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date.

28

(b)If the Company
shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside,
segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) and accrued and unpaid interest so becoming
due and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if
applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable.

(c)Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause
to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by
the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or
amounts. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i), the Trustee shall automatically
become the Paying Agent.

(d)Subject to
applicable escheatment laws, any money and shares of Common Stock deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price, if applicable), interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be
discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money and
shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.

Section 4.05Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company shall do
or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence.

Section 4.06Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports. (a) At any time the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide
to the Trustee and, upon written request, any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A.

29

(b)The Company shall
file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission, copies of any annual or quarterly reports (on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q or any respective successor form) that the Company is required to file with
the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding any such information, documents or reports, or portions thereof, subject to confidential treatment and any correspondence with the Commission, and giving effect to any
grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto)). Any such document or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor system) shall be deemed to be
filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system (or such successor), it being understood that the Trustee shall
have no responsibility to determine if any documents have been filed. Delivery of the reports, information and documents described in this subsection (b) to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the information and the Trustees
receipt of such shall not constitute actual or constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the
Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate). The Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility for the filing, timeliness, or content of such reports. The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a
continuing basis or otherwise, the Companys compliance with the covenants or with respect to any reports or other documents filed with the Commission or posted to any website or participate in any conference calls.

The grace periods referred to in the preceding paragraph with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by Rule 12b-25 (or any
successor rule thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related Form 12b-25 (or any successor form thereto) that Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum
period.

(c)If, at any time
during the six-month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the Notes (including any Notes issued pursuant to the Initial Purchasers option to purchase additional Notes as set
forth in the Purchase Agreement), the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports on Form 8-K), or the Notes are not otherwise Freely Tradable, the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the Notes. The grace periods
referred to in the preceding sentence with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related
Form 12b-25 (or any successor form thereto) that Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum period. Such Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of 0.50% per annum of the principal amount
of the Notes outstanding for each day during such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise Freely Tradable.

As used in this Section 4.06(c), documents or reports that the Company is required to file
with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act does not include documents or reports that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 4.06(c), the phrase restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt, the assignment of a
restricted CUSIP number or the existence of the Restrictive Notes Legend on Notes in compliance with Section 2.05(c), in either case, during the six-month period described in this Section 4.06(c).

30

(d)If, and for so long
as, the Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed, the Notes are assigned a restricted CUSIP number or the Notes are not otherwise Freely
Tradable as of the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes (including any Notes issued pursuant to the Initial Purchasers option to purchase additional Notes as set forth in the Purchase Agreement), the Company shall pay
Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding until the Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes has been removed in accordance with
Section 2.05(c), the Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number and the Notes are Freely Tradable.

(e)Additional Interest
will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date following accrual in the same manner as regular interest on the Notes.

(f)(i) Notwithstanding
anything in this Indenture or the Notes to the contrary, Additional Interest that accrues on the Notes pursuant to Section 4.06(d) occurring on or after such date will not be payable on
any Interest Payment Date, unless (x) a Holder or beneficial owner of a Note (in the case of a beneficial owner subject to the satisfactory verification of a beneficial owners identity and ownership) has delivered to the Company (with a copy to
the Trustee), before the Regular Record Date immediately before such Interest Payment Date, a written notice (a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request) demanding
payment of Additional Interest; or (y) the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects, by sending notice of such election (a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional
Interest) to Holders (with a copy to the Trustee) before such Regular Record Date, to pay such Additional Interest on such Interest Payment Date (any such accrued and unpaid Additional Interest that, in compliance with the foregoing, is
not paid on such Interest Payment Date, Deferred Additional Interest).

(ii) Without further action by the Company or any other Person, interest will automatically accrue on any Deferred Additional Interest from, and
including, the applicable Interest Payment Date at a rate per annum equal to the rate per annum at which regular interest accrues to, but excluding, the date on which such Deferred Additional Interest, together with any interest thereon, is paid.

(iii) Once any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest becomes payable on an Interest Payment Date, whether as a result of the delivery of a written
notice pursuant to Section 4.06(f)(i) or, if earlier, the Companys election to pay the same, Additional Interest will thereafter not be subject to deferral pursuant to Section 4.06(f)(i). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest on an Interest Payment Date will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default
under this Indenture or the Notes if such payment is deferred in accordance with Section 4.06(f)(i). Each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to any accrued interest (including in the
definitions of the Redemption Price and Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note) or to any accrued Additional Interest includes, to the extent applicable, and without duplication, any Deferred Additional Interest, together with accrued and
unpaid interest thereon.

31

(iv) Notwithstanding to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if (1) any unpaid Deferred Additional Interest exists on any Notes as of the close
of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) no Holder or beneficial owner of a Note has delivered a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request in the manner described in Section 4.06(f)(i) before such Regular Record Date; and (3) the Company has not sent a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest in the manner described in Section

4.06(f)(i) before such Regular Record Date, then Deferred Additional Interest on each Note then outstanding will cease to accrue, and all Deferred Additional Interest, together with interest thereon, on such Note will be deemed to be
extinguished on the following date: (a) if such Note is to be converted, the Conversion Date for such conversion (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the conversion consideration therefor need not include, and the amount referred to
in the fifth sentence of Section 14.02(h) below need not include, the payment of any such Deferred Additional Interest or any interest thereon); and (b) in all other cases, the later of (x)
the Maturity Date; and (y) the first date on which the Company has repaid the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest (other than such Deferred Additional Interest and any interest thereon) on, such Note in full.

(g)The Additional
Interest that is payable in accordance with Section 4.06(c) or Section 4.06(d) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of,
any Additional Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section 6.03. In no event shall Additional Interest (excluding interest that accrues on
Deferred Additional Interest) that may accrue as a result of the Companys failure to comply with its obligations to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports on Form 8-K), as set forth in Section 4.06(c), together with any
Additional Interest that may accrue at the Companys election as the remedy for a Reporting Event of Default, accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving
rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest.

(h)If Additional
Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.06(c) or Section 4.06(d), the Company shall deliver to the Trustee
an Officers Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such Additional Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the
Corporate Trust Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable. If the Company has paid Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment. The Trustee shall have no duty to verify the Companys determination as to whether Additional Interest is due or the Companys calculations as to the amount of
Additional Interest, and may assume without inquiry that no Additional Interest is payable or has been deferred until written notice of such Additional Interest being payable has been provided to the Trustee by the Company.

32

Section 4.07Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage
of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any
such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

Section 4.08Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025) an Officers Certificate stating whether the signers thereof have knowledge of any Event of Default or Default that occurred during the previous year and, if so,
specifying each such Event of Default or Default and the nature thereof.

In addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the Company obtains knowledge of the occurrence of any Event of Default or
Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof; provided that the Company is not required to deliver such Officers Certificate if the event that would constitute a Default or Event of Default has been cured or waived before the date the Company is required to deliver such
Officers Certificate.

Section 4.09Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper
to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture.

ARTICLE 5

LISTS OF HOLDERS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE

Section 5.01Lists of Holders. The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each March 1 and September 1 in
each year beginning with September 1, 2025, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to
enable it to timely provide any notice to be provided by it hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may
reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices) prior to the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar.

Section 5.02Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list
furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided
in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

33

ARTICLE 6

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Section 6.01Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default with respect to the Notes:

(a)default in any
payment of interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days;

(b)default in the
payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon Optional Redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;

(c)failure by the
Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a Holders conversion right and such failure continues for three (3) Business Days;

(d)failure by the
Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 15.02(c), a notice of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change in accordance with Section 14.03(b) or notice of a specified corporate transaction in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii) or 14.01(b)(iii), in each case when due and, except with respect to any notice of a specified corporate transaction in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii), such
failure continues for three (3) Business Days;

(e)failure by the
Company to comply with its obligations under Article 11;

(f)failure by the
Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this
Indenture;

(g)default by the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of
$75,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary (other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness), whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in
such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its
stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been
cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 30 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of
Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture;

34

(h)the Company or any
Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or the Company or Significant Subsidiarys debts under
any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial
part of the Company or Significant Subsidiarys property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against the Company or
Significant Subsidiary, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; provided that no such voluntary case, other proceeding, other relief, appointment, consent or general assignment by a Significant Subsidiary shall be deemed
to be an Event of Default under this clause (h), if, (x) in the Companys judgment, a principal reason for the occurrence of any such voluntary case, other proceeding, other relief, appointment, consent or general assignment is because of, or
directly related to, the occurrence of an event of default (or similar term) under Non-Recourse Indebtedness, or an acceleration of such Non-Recourse Indebtedness by the lenders thereof, and the Company provides written notice of such event and
the determination of such principal reason to Holders of the Notes and the Trustee, and (y) at the time of commencement of such voluntary case, other proceeding, other relief, appointment, consent or general assignment, such Significant
Subsidiary shall have less than $75,000,000 in the aggregate in indebtedness for borrowed money that is not Non-Recourse Indebtedness; or

(i)an involuntary case
or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of the Company or Significant
Subsidiarys property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days; provided that no such involuntary case or proceeding in respect of a Significant Subsidiary shall be
deemed to be an Event of Default under this clause (i) if, (x) in the Companys judgment, a principal reason for the occurrence of any such involuntary case or proceeding is because of, or directly related to, the occurrence of an event of
default (or similar term) under Non-Recourse Indebtedness, or an acceleration of such non-recourse indebtedness by the lenders thereof, and the Company provides written notice of such event and the determination of such principal reason to
Holders of the Notes and the Trustee, and (y) at the time of commencement of such involuntary case or proceeding, such Significant Subsidiary shall have less than $75,000,000 in the aggregate in indebtedness for borrowed money that is not
Non-Recourse Indebtedness.

Section 6.02Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such
Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), then, and
in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) with respect to
the Company), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all outstanding Notes to
be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. For the avoidance
of doubt, if such Event of Default is not continuing at the time such notice is provided (that is, such Event of Default has been cured or waived as of such time), then such notice will not be effective to cause such amounts to become due and
payable immediately. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) with respect to the Company
occurs and is continuing, 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable.

35

The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so
declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, and if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent
jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay interest, if any, due and payable on any Defaulted Amounts) under this Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes that shall have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 6.09, then and in every such case
the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind and annul such declaration
and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall
affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon.

For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the manner in which any Default can be cured, (a) a Default consisting of a failure to send a notice in
accordance with this Indenture will be cured upon the sending of such notice; (b) a Default in making any payment on (or delivering any other consideration in respect of) any Note will be cured upon the delivery, in accordance with this Indenture, of
such payment (or other consideration) together, if applicable, with Default Interest thereon; and (c) a Default that is or, after notice, passage of time or both, would be a Reporting Event of Default will be cured upon the filing of the relevant
report(s) giving rise to such Reporting Event of Default. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, if a Default that is not an Event of Default is cured or waived before such Default would have constituted an Event of Default, then no Event of
Default will result from such Default.

36

Section 6.03Additional Interest. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the
Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) (a Reporting Event of Default) shall, for the first 365 days, after the occurrence of such an Event of Default, consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate
equal to (x) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day that such Event of Default is continuing during the first 180 days after the occurrence of such Event of Default and (y) 0.50% per annum of the principal
amount of the Notes outstanding for each day that such Event of Default is continuing during the subsequent 185-day period. Subject to the last paragraph of this Section 6.03,
Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Additional Interest payable pursuant to Section 4.06(c) or Section 4.06(d). If the Company so elects, such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner and on the same dates as the stated
interest payable on the Notes. On the 366th day after such Event of Default (if a Reporting Event of Default is not cured or waived prior to such 366th day), the Notes shall be
immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders in the event of the occurrence of any Event of
Default other than a Reporting Event of Default. In the event the Company does not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section 6.03 or

the Company elected to make such payment but does not pay the Additional Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02.

In order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the first 365 days after the occurrence of a Reporting Event of Default, the
Company must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent of such election prior to the beginning of such 365-day period. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as
provided in Section 6.02.

In no event shall Additional Interest payable at the Companys election as the remedy for a Reporting Event of Default, together with any Additional
Interest (excluding interest that accrues on Deferred Additional Interest) that may accrue as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods under the Exchange Act and other than reports on Form 8-K), pursuant to Section 4.06(c), accrue
at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest.

Section 6.04Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have
occurred and be continuing, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on
any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate borne by the Notes at such time and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums
so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law
out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated.

37

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes under Title
11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Company or
such other obligor, the property of the Company or such other obligor, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Company or such other
obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the Notes, and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other
obligor on the Notes, its or their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any amounts due to the
Trustee under Section 7.06; and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to
make such payments to the Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses,
advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees, and including any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To
the extent that such payment of reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any
and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property that the Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of
any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment
shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee
shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings.

38

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because
of any waiver pursuant to Section 6.09 or any rescission and annulment pursuant to Section 6.02 or for any other reason or shall
have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and
all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 6.05Application of Monies or Property Collected by Trustee. Any monies or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the
Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies or property, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon
surrender thereof, if fully paid:

First, to the payment of all
amounts due the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder) hereunder, including its agent and counsel under Section 7.06;

Second, in case the principal of
the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as
the case may be, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto;

Third, in case the principal of
the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due
upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the
rate borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or
of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and accrued and unpaid interest; and

Fourth, to the payment of the
remainder, if any, to the Company.

Section 6.06Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) or interest when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this
Indenture or the Notes to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any
other remedy hereunder, unless:

39

(a)such Holder
previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided;

(b)Holders of at least
25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(c)such Holders shall
have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense to be incurred therein or thereby;

(d)the Trustee for 60
days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of such security or indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; and

(e)no direction that,
in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section 6.09,

it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more
Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other
such Holder (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to any other Holder), or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the
manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and
every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision of any Note, each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as
the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, such Note, on or
after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be.

Section 6.07Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate
judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained
in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

40

Section 6.08Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by
this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies
available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any
Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or any acquiescence
therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the
Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders.

Section 6.09Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders. Subject to the Trustees right to receive security or indemnity from
the relevant Holders as described herein, the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 shall

have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and (b) the Trustee
may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture or is unduly
prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences except any continuing defaults relating to (i) a
default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of, the Notes when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a default in respect of a covenant or provision
hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event
of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have
been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

41

Section 6.10Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within 90 days after the occurrence and continuance of a Default of which a Responsible Officer has actual knowledge, deliver to all Holders notice
of all Defaults known to a Responsible Officer, unless such Defaults shall have been cured or waived before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of
a Default in the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), or accrued and unpaid interest on, any of the Notes or a Default in the payment or delivery of the
consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if it in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not
be required to deliver such notice if such Default or Event of Default is cured or waived.

Section 6.11Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion,
require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the
costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or
defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent
permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in
accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note
(including, but not limited to, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note,
or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 14.

ARTICLE 7

CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

Section 7.01Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred for which a Responsible Officer has
actual knowledge or written notice, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. In the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the
rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs; provided that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of
any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered, and, if requested, provided to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or
direction.

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent
failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:

42

(a)prior to the
occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred:

(i) the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are
specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(ii) in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, conclusively rely upon any
certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the
Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts
stated therein);

(b)the Trustee shall
not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(c)the Trustee shall
not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding
determined as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power
conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture;

(d)whether or not
therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section;

(e)the Trustee shall
not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar
with respect to the Notes;

(f)if any party fails
to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture, requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event
occurred, unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such event;

(g)in the absence of
written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses
incurred thereon or for losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such
investment to provide timely written investment direction, and the Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company; and

43

(h)in the event that
the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer agent hereunder, the rights and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer agent.

None of the provisions contained in this Indenture or the Notes shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers.

Section 7.02Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01:

(a)the Trustee may
conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document believed
by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b)any request,
direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the
Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company;

(c)whenever in the
administration of this Indenture, the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may,
in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(d)the Trustee may
consult with counsel of its selection, and require an Opinion of Counsel and any advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in
good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;

(e)the Trustee shall
not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the
Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books,
records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;

44

(f)the Trustee may
execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any action, inaction, misconduct or negligence
on the part of any agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder;

(g)the permissive
rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties;

(h)the Trustee may
request that the Company deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of the individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such times to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be
signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded;

(i)neither the Trustee
nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, or affiliates shall be responsible for nor have any duty to monitor the performance or any action of the Company, or any of their respective directors, members, officers, agents, affiliates,
or employees, nor shall it have any liability in connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such party. The Trustee shall not be responsible for any inaccuracy in the information obtained from the Company or for any inaccuracy or omission
in the records which may result from such information or any failure by the Trustee to perform its duties or set forth herein as a result of any inaccuracy or incompleteness;

(j)the Trustee shall
have no obligation to pursue any action that is not in accordance with applicable law;

(k) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of
the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered (and if requested, provided) to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in
compliance with such request or direction;

(l) the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be
authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture; and

(m) the Trustee shall not be obligated to take possession of any Common Stock, whether upon conversion or in connection with any discharge of this
Indenture pursuant to Article 3 hereof, but shall satisfy its obligation as Conversion Agent by working through the stock transfer agent of the Company from time to time as directed by the Company.

In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any special, indirect, punitive, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not
limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default with respect to the
Notes, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default shall have been actually received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee.

45

Section 7.03No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any
Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture.

Section 7.04Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company or any
Affiliate thereof) or Note Registrar, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note
Registrar.

Section 7.05Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust. All monies and shares of Common Stock received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they
were received. Money and shares of Common Stock held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money or shares of
Common Stock received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee.

Section 7.06Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee, in each capacity under this Indenture, from time to time and the Trustee shall receive such compensation for all
services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust) as mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the
Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder
(including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence
or willful misconduct as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Company also covenants to indemnify the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee in any capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered
into in connection herewith and its agents and any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally adjudicated by a
court of competent jurisdiction on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be, and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this
Indenture or in any other capacity hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim of liability in the premises and enforcement of this Section 7.06. 

The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be
secured by a senior lien to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 6.05, funds
held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular Notes. The Trustees right to receive payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to
any other liability or indebtedness of the Company. The obligation of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier
resignation or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall

extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee.

46

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating agent incur
expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) occurs, the expenses and
the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws.

Section 7.07Officers Certificate as Evidence. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the
Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence or
willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof.

Section 7.08Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act (as if the Trust Indenture Act were applicable hereto) to act as
such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this
Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance
with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article 7.

Section 7.09Resignation or Removal of Trustee. (a) The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the Holders. Upon
receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning
Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 45 days after the giving of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon ten
Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders, petition any court of competent jurisdiction, at the expense of the Company, for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at
least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any
such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee.

47

(b)In case at any time
any of the following shall occur:

(i) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the
Company or by any such Holder, or

(ii) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the
Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in
duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed, upon 30 days advance written notice, and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself or herself and all
others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove
the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee.

(c)The Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee upon 30 days advance
written notice and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which case the Trustee so removed or any
Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee.

(d)Any resignation or
removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the
successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10.

Section 7.10Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to
its predecessor trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall
become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Company or of the successor trustee, the
trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor
trustee all the rights and powers of the trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor
trustee all such rights and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior lien to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such, except for funds held in
trust for the benefit of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06.

48

No successor trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the
time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each
of the Company and the successor trustee, at the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders. If the Company fails to deliver such
notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered at the expense of the Company.

Section 7.11Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation or other entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity
resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration
of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided

that in the case of any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such corporation or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated
but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that
time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor trustee hereunder or in the name of
the successor trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have; provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of
any predecessor trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation.

Section 7.12Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken
or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture) may, at the option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture
and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such
application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than three Business Days after the date notice to the Company is deemed to be received pursuant to Section

17.03, unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions
in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

49

ARTICLE 8

CONCERNING THE HOLDERS

Section 8.01Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the
making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced
(a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and
held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or
the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders entitled to take such
action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action.

Section 8.02Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument or writing by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as
may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved
in the manner provided in Section 9.06.

Section 8.03Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note
shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than
the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes under this Indenture; and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent
nor any Note Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. The sole registered holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such payments or deliveries so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its
order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of
the Depositary or any other Person, such holders right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.

50

Section 8.04Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes
that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a Responsible Officer
actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the
pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case
of a dispute as to such right, any decision or indecision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers
Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01,
the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination.

Section 8.05Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the
taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the
Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 8.02, revoke
such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in
exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer
thereof.

ARTICLE 9

HOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 9.01Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Article 9 for any of the
following purposes:

51

(a)to give any notice
to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its
consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6;

(b)to remove the
Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7;

(c)to consent to the
execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.02; or

(d)to take any other
action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law.

Section 9.02Call of Meetings by Trustee. The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time
and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any
record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes. Such notice shall also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20
nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is
waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice.

Section 9.03Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have
requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after
receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 9.01,
by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02.

Section 9.04Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a
Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons
entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

52

Section 9.05Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes
and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct
of the meeting as it shall think fit.

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the Company or
by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent
chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting.

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or
proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have
no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of
Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice.

Section 9.06Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives
by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any
resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the
secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of
the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of
or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved
by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting.

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated.

Section 9.07No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article
9 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or
rights conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes.

53

ARTICLE 10

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 10.01Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. The Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may
from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes:

(a)to cure any
ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(b)to provide for the
assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article 11;

(c)to add guarantees
with respect to the Notes;

(d)to secure the Notes;

(e)to add to the
covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company;

(f)to make any change
that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

(g)in connection with
any Merger Event, to provide that the notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes
to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07;

(h)to conform the
provisions of this Indenture or the Notes to the Description of notes section of the Offering Memorandum;

(i)to comply with the
rules of any applicable Depositary, including The Depository Trust Company, so long as such amendment does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder;

(j)to appoint a
successor trustee with respect to the Notes;

(k)to increase the
Conversion Rate as provided in this Indenture;

(l)to provide for the
acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee, security registrar, Paying Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Conversion Agent to facilitate the administration of the trusts under this Indenture by more than one trustee; or

(m)to irrevocably elect
a Settlement Method or a Specified Dollar Amount, or eliminate the Companys right to elect a Settlement Method; provided, however, that no such election or elimination will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be
elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to Article 14.

54

Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture
and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties
or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section 10.01 may be
executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 10.02.

Section 10.02Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article

8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter
into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Notes or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any
manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the consent of each Holder of
an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall:

(a)reduce the
principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;

(b)reduce the rate of
or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any Note;

(c)reduce the
principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note;

(d)except as required
by this Indenture, make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes;

(e)reduce the
Redemption Price or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders the Companys obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants,
definitions or otherwise;

(f)make any Note
payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note;

(g)change the ranking
of the Notes; or

(h)make any change in
this Article 10 that requires each Holders consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09.

Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities
under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture.

55

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed
supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee) a notice briefly describing
such supplemental indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee), or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture.

Section 10.03Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under
this Indenture of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental
indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 10.04Notation on Notes. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to
the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys expense, bear a notation as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so
determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Company, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture may, at the Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company,
authenticated, upon receipt of a Company Order, by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10) and delivered in exchange for the
Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding.

Section 10.05Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant hereto complies with the
requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture; such Opinion of Counsel to include a customary legal opinion stating that such supplemental indenture is
the valid and binding obligation of the Company, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for determining whether any amendment or supplemental indenture will or may have an adverse effect on
any Holder.

56

ARTICLE 11

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE

Section 11.01Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, the Company shall not consolidate
with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to another Person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Companys Wholly
Owned Subsidiaries but, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease, the transferee will not succeed to the transferor, and the transferor will not be discharged from its obligations, under this
Indenture and the Notes) unless:

(a)the resulting,
surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Company), if not the Company, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America,
any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture; and

(b)immediately after
giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture.

For purposes of this Section 11.01, the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or
substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company to another Person, which properties and assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties
and assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to another Person.

Section 11.02Successor Corporation to Be Substituted. In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and upon the
assumption by the Successor Company, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the
Notes, the due and punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the
Company, such Successor Company (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the Companys properties and assets, shall be substituted for the Company, with the same effect as if it had
been named herein as the party of the first part, and may thereafter exercise every right and power of the Company under this Indenture. Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name
of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Company instead of the Company and subject to all the terms,
conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the Officers of the Company
to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit
under this Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger,
sale, conveyance or transfer (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture (or any
successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and, except in the case of
a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

57

In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease, such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made
in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate.

ARTICLE 12

IMMUNITY OF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

Section 12.01Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse for the payment of the principal of or accrued and
unpaid interest on any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in any Note,
nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor
corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that
all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes.

ARTICLE 13

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

ARTICLE 14

CONVERSION OF NOTES

Section 14.01Conversion Privilege. (a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 14, each Holder of a Note shall
have the right, at such Holders option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 2, 2030 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 14.01(b), and (ii) regardless of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), on or after December 2, 2030 and prior to
the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 20.0773 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of
Section 14.02, the Conversion Obligation).

58

(b) (i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 2, 2030, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes
for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any five consecutive Trading Day period (the Measurement Period) in which the Trading Price per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less
than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day. The Trading Prices shall be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such determination, and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request (or, if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to
determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes) unless a Holder of at least $3,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on
any Trading Day would be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, at which time the Company shall instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other
than the Company) to determine, or if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall determine, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the
Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate and the Company will instruct three (3) independent nationally recognized
securities dealers to deliver bids to the Bid Solicitation Agent. If (x) the Company is not acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not, when the Company is required to, instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to determine the Trading
Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, or if the Company instructs the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such determination, or (y) the Company
is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such determination when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be less than
98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and
the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee). If, at any time after the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last
Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such date, the Company shall so notify in writing the Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and thereafter neither the Company nor
the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall be required to solicit bids (or determine the Trading Price of the Notes as set forth in this Indenture) again until a new Holder request is made as provided in this subsection (b)(i).

(ii) If the Company elects to:

(A) distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to the separation of such rights from the Common Stock)
entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported
Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution; or

59

(B) distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock the Companys assets, securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to
separation of such rights from the Common Stock), which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner, exceeding 10% of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common
Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution,

then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) at least 45 Scheduled Trading Days
prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company becomes aware that such separation or
triggering event has occurred or will occur); provided, however, that if the Company is then otherwise
permitted to settle conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, has not irrevocably elected another Settlement Method for conversions of Notes), then the Company may instead elect to provide such notice at least ten
Scheduled Trading Days prior to such Ex-Dividend Date, in which case the Company shall be required to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date occurring during the period on or after the date the Company provides such notice and before
such Ex-Dividend Date (or, if earlier, the date the Company announces that such issuance or distribution will not take place) by Physical Settlement, and the Company shall describe the same in such notice. Once the Company has given such notice, a
Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution and (2) the Companys announcement
that such distribution will not take place, in each case, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time; provided that Holders may not convert their Notes
pursuant to this subsection (b)(ii) if they participate, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the
transactions described in clause (A) or (B) of this subsection (b)(ii) without having to convert their Notes as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the applicable
Conversion Rate as of the record date for such issuance or distribution, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder.

60

(iii) If a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 15.02, or if the Company is a party to a consolidation, merger, binding share exchange, or transfer or lease of all or substantially all of its assets that occurs, in each case,
pursuant to which the Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other assets (other than a merger effected solely to change the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation solely within the United States that (x) does not otherwise
constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change and (y) results in a reclassification, conversion, or exchange of outstanding shares of the Common Stock solely into shares of common stock of the surviving entity and such
common stock becomes the sole Reference Property for the Notes), all or any portion of a Holders Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time from or after the effective date of such transaction until the earlier of (x) 35 Scheduled
Trading Days after the effective date of such transaction (or, if the Company gives notice after the effective date of such transaction, until 35 Trading Days after the date the Company gives notice) or, if such transaction also constitutes a
Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), until close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and (y) the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the
Maturity Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) as promptly as practicable following the effective date of such transaction, but in no event later than five Business Days after
the effective date of such transaction.

(iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 2, 2030, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after
the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days
ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day.

(v) If the Company calls any Note for redemption pursuant to Article 16, then a Holder of the Note called for redemption may surrender such Note (or a portion
thereof) called for redemption for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the applicable Redemption Date, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time. After that time, the
right to convert such Note called for redemption pursuant to this subsection (b)(v) shall expire, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case a Holder of such Note called for redemption may convert such
Note (or a portion thereof) called for redemption until the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Article 16, and the Holder of any Note (or any
owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note) is reasonably not able to determine, before the close of business on the 42nd Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the relevant Redemption Date, whether such Note or beneficial interest, as
applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such redemption (and, as a result thereof, convertible in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture), then such Holder or owner, as applicable, shall be entitled to convert such Note or
beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time before the close of business on the Business Day prior to such Redemption Date, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case such Holder or owner, as
applicable, shall be entitled to convert all or any portion of such Note (or any such beneficial interest in any Global Note), as applicable, until the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for, and each such conversion shall be
deemed to be of a Note called for redemption for the purposes of this subsection (b)(v), Article 16 and Section 14.03.

61

Section 14.02 Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion.

(a)Subject

to this Section 14.02, Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a),
upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall satisfy its Conversion Obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash (Cash Settlement), shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of
this Section 14.02 (Physical Settlement) or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, together with
cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Combination Settlement), at its election, as set forth in this Section 14.02.

(i)All conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after the date of the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to any Notes selected for redemption in respect of such Notice of
Redemption and prior to the close of business on the second Business Day before the related Redemption Date shall be settled using the same Settlement Method, and all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after
December 2, 2030, shall be settled using the same Settlement Method.

(ii)Except for any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the date of the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes but prior to the close of business on the second
Business Day before the related Redemption Date with respect to any Notes selected for redemption in respect of such Notice of Redemption, and any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 2, 2030, and
except to the extent the Company has irrevocably elected Physical Settlement pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(ii) in a notice as described in such Section or previously made an
irrevocable election with respect to all subsequent conversions of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02(a)(iii), the Company shall use the same Settlement Method for all conversions
with the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions with different Conversion Dates.

62

(iii)(A) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the Companys issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes but prior to the close of
business on the second Business Day before the related Redemption Date with respect to any Notes selected for redemption in respect of such Notice of Redemption, or for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 2, 2030),
the Company elects to deliver a notice (the Settlement Notice) of the relevant Settlement Method in respect of such Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be),
the Company shall deliver such Settlement Notice to converting Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the close of business on the Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of any
conversions (x) for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs (1) after the date of issuance of a Notice of Redemption with respect to the Notes and prior to the close of business on the second Business Day before the related Redemption Date
with respect to any Notes selected for redemption in respect of such Notice of Redemption, in such Notice of Redemption (and, in the case of a partial redemption, in a notice sent on the relevant Redemption Notice Date to all Holders of Notes
not called for redemption) or (2) on or after December 2, 2030, no later than December 2, 2030 or (y) for which the Company has irrevocably selected Physical Settlement pursuant to Section
14.01(b)(ii) in a notice as described in such Section (in each case, the Settlement Method Election Deadline). If the Company does not elect a Settlement
Method prior to the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence with respect to any conversion, the Company shall be deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method with respect to such conversion. Such Settlement Notice shall
specify the relevant Settlement Method and in the case of an election of Combination Settlement, the relevant Settlement Notice shall indicate the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. If the Company delivers a
Settlement Notice electing Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation but does not indicate a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be converted in such Settlement Notice, the Specified Dollar
Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be $1,000.

(B)If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method or elects to irrevocably fix the Settlement Method, in either case, to Combination Settlement with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000
principal amount of Notes at or above a specified amount, the Company shall, after the date of such change or election, as the case may be, inform Holders converting their Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee)
in writing of such Specified Dollar Amount in respect of the relevant conversion or conversions no later than the relevant Settlement Method Election Deadline for such conversion or conversions, or, if the Company does not timely inform the
Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the Specified Dollar Amount, such Specified Dollar Amount shall be the specific amount set forth in the change or election notice or, if no specific amount was set forth in the change or election
notice, such Specified Dollar Amount shall be deemed to be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method or irrevocably fixes the Settlement Method, then the Company shall concurrently either
post the Default Settlement Method or fixed Settlement Method, as applicable, on the Companys website or disclose the same in a current report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) that is filed with the Commission. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no such change in the Default Settlement Method or irrevocable election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Conversion Date pursuant to this Section 14.02.

(iv)The cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any conversion of Notes (the Settlement Amount)
shall be computed as follows:

(A)if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being
converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date;

63

(B)if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being
converted cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period; and

(C)if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, to the converting
Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, a Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period.

(v)The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the Company promptly following the last day of the Observation Period. Promptly after such determination
of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if
other than the Trustee) of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering fractional shares of Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other
than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination.

(b)Subject

to Section 14.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall (i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the applicable
procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section

14.02(h) and (ii) in the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile, PDF or other electronic
transmission thereof) (a notice pursuant to the applicable procedure of the Depositary or a notice as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion, a Notice of Conversion
which notice shall be irrevocable, in either case) at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the
certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate
endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to
which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h). The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14 on the Conversion Date for such conversion. No Notes may be surrendered for conversion by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 15.03.

64

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes shall be
computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered.

(c)A
Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion Date) that the Holder has complied with the
requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), the Company
shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects Physical Settlement, or on the second
Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Observation Period, in the case of any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and
deliver (if applicable) to the Conversion Agent or to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, in book-entry format through the Depositary, in
satisfaction of the Companys Conversion Obligation.

(d)In

case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized
denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion
being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion.

(e)If

a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue or delivery of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests
such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than
the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence.

(f)Except

as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14.

(g)Upon

the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify
the Trustee in writing of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee.

65

(h)Upon

conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for accrued and unpaid interest, if any, except as set forth below. The Companys settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation
to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date shall
be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. Upon a conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid
upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the close of business on a Regular Record Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date will receive the full amount of
interest payable on such Notes on the corresponding Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any Regular Record Date to the open of business on the
immediately following Interest Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of interest payable on the Notes so converted; provided that no such payment
shall be required (1) for conversions following the close of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to
the second Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; (3) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately
following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; or (4) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if any Defaulted Amounts exists at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record
at the close of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, or a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Redemption Date referred to the proviso above shall receive the full interest payment due on the Maturity
Date in cash regardless of whether their Notes have been converted following such Regular Record Date.

(i)The

Person in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall become the stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion
Obligation by Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be. Upon a conversion of Notes, such
Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion.

(j)The

Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the relevant
Conversion Date (in the case of Physical Settlement) or based on the Daily VWAP for the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (in the case of Combination Settlement). For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the Company has
elected (or is deemed to have elected) Combination Settlement, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation Period
and any fractional shares remaining after such computation shall be paid in cash.

66

Section 14.03 Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain
Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption. ix) If (i) the Effective Date of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date or (ii)
the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption with respect to any or all of the Notes as provided for under Section 16.02 and, in each case, a Holder elects to convert its Notes in
connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice of Redemption, as applicable, the Company shall, under the circumstances described below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of
additional shares of Common Stock (the Additional Shares), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection with a
Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (i) above if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the Business Day
immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of an Exempted Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition
thereof, the 35th Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change) (such period, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period). A
conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection with such Notice of Redemption pursuant to clause (ii) above if the relevant Conversion Date with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption occurs
during the period from, and including, the applicable Redemption Notice Date to, and including, the close of business on the second Business Day immediately preceding the related Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall
increase the Conversion Rate in connection with a Notice of Redemption only with respect to conversions of Notes called (or deemed called as contemplated by Section 14.01(b)(v)) for
redemption, and not of Notes not called for redemption. Accordingly, if the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes as described under Article 16, Holders of the Notes not called for redemption shall not be entitled to an
increased Conversion Rate for conversions of such Notes, except in the limited circumstances set forth under Section 14.01(b)(v).

(b)Upon

surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Notice of Redemption, the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination
Settlement in accordance with Section 14.02; provided, however, that if, at the effective time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference Property following such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is
composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed to
be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any increase to reflect the Additional Shares), multiplied by
such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion Obligation shall be determined and paid to Holders in cash on the second Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of
the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change no later than five Business Days after such Effective Date.

67

(c)The

number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased for conversions in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the
date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective of the Redemption Notice Date, as the case may be (the Effective Date), and the price paid (or
deemed to be paid) per share of the Common Stock in the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or with respect to the redemption, as the case may be (the Stock Price). If the
holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. 
Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Effective Date of
the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the Redemption Notice Date, as the case may be. In the event that a conversion in connection with a Notice of Redemption would also be deemed to be in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, a
Holder of the Notes to be converted will be entitled to a single increase to the Conversion Rate with respect to the first to occur of the applicable Redemption Notice Date or the Effective Date of the applicable Make-Whole Fundamental Change,
and the later event will be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of such conversion.

(d)The

Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately
prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment giving rise to the Stock Price
adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 14.04.

The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes
pursuant to this Section 14.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below:

Stock Price 

Effective Date 

$ 

34.35 

$ 

40.00 

$ 

45.00 

$ 

49.81 

$ 

55.00 

$ 

60.00 

$ 

64.75 

$ 

80.00 

$ 

100.00 

$ 

150.00 

$ 

200.00 

$ 

250.00 

$ 

300.00 

$ 

375.00 

February 28, 2025 

9.0347 

7.1300 

5.8964 

4.9803 

4.2035 

3.6072 

3.1446 

2.1098 

1.3384 

0.5136 

0.2164 

0.0876 

0.0289 

0.0000 

March 1, 2026 

9.0347 

7.0900 

5.8933 

4.9255 

4.1122 

3.4937 

3.0179 

1.9709 

1.2120 

0.4347 

0.1704 

0.0619 

0.0162 

0.0000 

March 1, 2027 

9.0347 

7.0500 

5.7653 

4.7492 

3.9055 

3.2718 

2.7901 

1.7538 

1.0316 

0.3360 

0.1183 

0.0353 

0.0043 

0.0000 

March 1, 2028 

9.0347 

7.0005 

5.5118 

4.4455 

3.5751 

2.9332 

2.4536 

1.4558 

0.8010 

0.2259 

0.0670 

0.0139 

0.0000 

0.0000 

March 1, 2029 

9.0347 

6.6553 

5.0538 

3.9341 

3.0453 

2.4095 

1.9490 

1.0463 

0.5146 

0.1157 

0.0246 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

March 1, 2030 

9.0347 

5.9815 

4.2024 

3.0179 

2.1355 

1.5502 

1.1585 

0.4970 

0.1975 

0.0317 

0.0025 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

March 1, 2031 

9.0347 

4.9227 

2.1449 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

0.0000 

(e)The

exact Stock Price and Effective Date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case:

(i)if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in the table, the number of Additional Shares by which the conversion rate shall be increased shall be
determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year;

68

(ii)if the Stock Price is greater than $375.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate; and

(iii)if the Stock Price is less than $34.35 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection

(d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 29.1120 shares of Common Stock,
subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04.

(f)Nothing

in this Section 14.03 shall prevent an adjustment to the Conversion Rate that would otherwise be required pursuant to Section 14.04
in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change.

Section 14.04 Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the
Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as
holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they
held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder.

(a)If

the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following
formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or
distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective
Date, as applicable (before giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, split or combination); and

69

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or
share combination.

Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately after
the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type
described in this Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not
to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared.

(b)If

the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholder rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the
announcement date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period
ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X

= the total number of shares of Common Stock distributable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y

= the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of announcement of the distribution of such rights, options or warrants.

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such
rights, options or warrants are distributed and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of
such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the distribution of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of
only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such
distribution had not occurred.

70

For purposes of this Section 14.04(b) and for the purpose of Section 14.01(b)(ii)(A), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at less than such average of the Last
Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution, and in determining the aggregate offering price of
such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than
cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

(c)If

the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of
the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances (including share splits) as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), (ii) except as otherwise provided in Section 14.11, rights issued pursuant to any stockholder rights plan of
the Company then in effect, (iii) distributions of Reference Property in exchange for, or upon conversion of, Common Stock in a Merger Event, (iv) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 14.04(d) shall apply, and (v) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 14.04(c) shall apply
(any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed

Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and
including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; and

FMV

= the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of the Distributed
Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.

71

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become effective
immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had
not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000
principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution.

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there has been a
payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be,
listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period;

FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the
Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references
therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period); and

MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

72

The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period;
provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, the
reference to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the
Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation
Period, the reference to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, such Trading Day in
determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day of such Observation Period. If any dividend or distribution that constitutes a Spin-Off is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately decreased, effective as of
the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared or announced.

For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) and (subject in all respect to Section 14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys Capital Stock,
including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): 

(i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of
the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such
rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend
Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the
event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a
distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been
redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then
again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common
Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights,
options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued.

For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section

14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is
applicable also includes one or both of:

73

(A)a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or

(B)a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution), then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause
C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto
shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of
Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section
14.04(b).

(d)If

the Company makes any cash dividend or distribution to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or
distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend
or distribution; and

C = the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase pursuant to this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after
the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay
such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as
defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes it holds, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that
such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate on the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash dividend or distribution.

74

(e)If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock that is subject to the then-applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act (other than any odd-lot tender offer),
to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period
commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and
including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and
including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to
giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving
effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP1 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and
including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

75

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur at the close
of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that (x)
in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any
tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date that such tender or
exchange offer expires to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within
the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the
preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such Trading Day in
determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day of such Observation Period.

If the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender or exchange offer described in
this Section 14.04(e) but the Company or such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchase or all such purchases are rescinded, the Conversion
Rate shall be readjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been made.

(f)Notwithstanding

this Section 14.04 or any other provision of this Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted
its Notes on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or prior to the related Record Date would be treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 14.02(i) based on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Ex-Dividend Date, then, notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section
14.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on
an unadjusted basis and participate in the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to such adjustment.

(g)Except

as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of the Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common
Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities.

(h)In

addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 14.04, and subject to applicable exchange listing rules, the Company from time to time may
increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Company determines that such increase would be in the Companys best interest. In addition, subject to applicable exchange listing rules, the Company
may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to
acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event.

76

(i)Notwithstanding

anything to the contrary in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted:

(i)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price or otherwise, other than any such issuance described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of this Section

14.04;

(ii)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional
amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan;

(iii)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit or incentive plan or program (including pursuant to
any evergreen plan) of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(iv)upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (iii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the
date the Notes were first issued;

(v)for a third-party tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by one or more of the Companys Subsidiaries as described in clause (e) of this Section 14.04;

(vi)upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an open market share purchase program or other buy-back transaction, including structured or derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase
transactions or similar forward derivatives, or other buy-back transaction, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the kind described under clause (e) of this Section 14.04;

(vii)solely for a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock; or

(viii)for accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

(j)All

calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share.

(k)If

an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required by this Section 14.04 would result in a change of less than 1% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result
in an aggregate change of at least 1% to the Conversion Rate, (ii) on the Conversion Date for any Notes (in the case of Physical Settlement), (iii) on each Trading Day of any Observation Period related to any conversion of Notes (in the case of
Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement), (iv) on any date on which the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption, (v) on the effective date of any Fundamental Change and/or Make-Whole Fundamental Change, and (vi) December 2, 2030, in each
case, unless the adjustment has already been made.

77

(l)Whenever

the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting
forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent shall have received such Officers Certificate, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent shall not be
deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare
a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder. 
Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment.

(m)For

purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as
the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of
shares of Common Stock.

Section 14.05 Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the
Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including, without limitation, an Observation Period and the period for determining the Stock Price for purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice
of Redemption), the Company shall make appropriate adjustments in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the
Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or expiration date, as the case may be, of the event occurs at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily
Settlement Amounts are to be calculated.

For the avoidance of doubt, the adjustments made pursuant to the foregoing paragraph shall be made, solely to the extent the Company determines in good
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that any such adjustment is appropriate, without duplication of any adjustment made pursuant to Section 14.04.

Section 14.06 Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall provide, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury,
sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming delivery of the maximum number of Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03 and that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such Notes would be converted by a single Holder and that Physical Settlement were applicable).

78

Section 14.07 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock.

(a)In

the case of:

(i)any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to par value, or from par value to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination),

(ii)any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Company,

(iii)any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety or

(iv)any statutory share exchange,

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any
combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event), then, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes
shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive on account of such Merger Event
(without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property)) upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Merger Event, the Company or the successor or
purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(g) providing for such change in the right to convert each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the
Merger Event (A) the Company or the successor or acquiring company, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with
Section 14.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall
continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall
instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event, (III) for purposes of the provisions of Article 16, each reference to any number of
shares of Common Stock in such provisions (or in any related definitions) will instead be deemed to be a reference to the same number of units of Reference Property and (IV) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of
Reference Property.

79

If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration
(determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible will be deemed to be (i) the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders
of Common Stock that affirmatively make such an election or (ii) if no holders of Common Stock make such an election, the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock. The Company shall
notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for
all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion
Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03), multiplied

by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion
Date.

If the Reference Property in respect of any Merger Event includes, in whole or in part, common equity, the supplemental indenture described in the
second immediately preceding paragraph providing that the Notes will convertible into Reference Property (other than cash) shall also provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the
adjustments provided for in this Article 14 with respect to the portion of Reference Property constituting such common equity. If, in the case of any Merger Event, the Reference Property
includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), other than cash and/or cash equivalents, of a Person other than the Company or the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in
such Merger Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person, if such Person is an Affiliate of the Company or the successor or purchasing corporation, and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the
interests of the Holders as the Company shall in good faith reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article
15.

(b)When

the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07, the Company shall promptly
file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any adjustment to be
made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental
indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture.

(c)The

Company shall not become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 14.07. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of
Notes to convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, as set forth in Section 14.01 and Section 14.02 prior to the effective date of such Merger Event.

80

(d)The

above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events.

Section

14.08 Certain Covenants. (a) The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon
conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

(b)The

Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of
Common Stock may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be.

(c)The

Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such
exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Section

14.09 Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any
adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method
employed, or herein or in any supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of
Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee
nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of
conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article 14. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the
Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07
relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section
14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as
conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officers Certificate (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental
indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 14.01(b) has occurred that
makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent the notices referred to in Section 14.01(b)
with respect to the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent
immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 14.01(b). Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any
obligation to make any calculation or to determine whether the Notes may be surrendered for conversion pursuant to this Indenture, or to notify the Company or the Depositary or any of the Holders if the Notes have become convertible pursuant to
the terms of this Indenture, or to otherwise independently determine or verify if any Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change, Share Exchange Event, Trigger Event, or any other event has occurred or notify the Holders of any such event.
Neither the Trustee nor Conversion Agent shall have the responsibility for any act or omission of any Designated Financial Institution.

81

Section 14.10 Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions. In case of any:

(a)action

by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that would require an adjustment in the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04 or Section

14.11; or

(b)voluntary

or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company; then, in each case (unless notice of such event is otherwise required pursuant to another provision of this Indenture), the Company shall cause to be filed with the Trustee
and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and to be delivered to each Holder, as promptly as possible but in any event at least 10 days prior to the applicable date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (i) the date on which a
record is to be taken for the purpose of such action by the Company or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common Stock of record are to be determined for the purposes of such action by the Company, or (ii) the
date on which such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is expected to become effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities
or other property deliverable upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such action by the Company, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up.

Section 14.11 Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued
upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the
terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable
stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights.

82

Section 14.12 Exchange in Lieu of Conversion.

(a)When

a Holder surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election (an Exchange Election), cause the surrender, on or prior to the Trading Day immediately
following the Conversion Date, of such Notes to one or more financial institutions designated by the Company (each, a Designated Financial Institution) for exchange in
lieu of conversion. In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion, the Designated Financial Institution(s) must agree to timely pay or deliver, as the case may be, in exchange for such Notes, the cash, shares of Common Stock or
combination thereof that would otherwise be due upon conversion pursuant to Section 14.02 or such other amount agreed to by the Holder and the Designated Financial Institution(s) (the
Conversion Consideration). If the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by the close of business on the Trading Day following the relevant Conversion
Date, notify in writing the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Holder surrendering Notes for conversion that the Company has made the Exchange Election, and the Company shall promptly notify the Designated
Financial Institution(s) of the relevant deadline for delivery of the Conversion Consideration and the type of Conversion Consideration to be paid and/or delivered, as the case may be.

(b)Any

Notes delivered to the Designated Financial Institution(s) shall remain outstanding, subject to the applicable procedures of the Depositary. If the Designated Financial Institution(s) agree(s) to accept any Notes for exchange but do(es) not
timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the related Conversion Consideration, or if such Designated Financial Institution(s) do(es) not accept the Notes for exchange, the Company shall pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the relevant
Conversion Consideration, as, and at the time, required pursuant to this Indenture as if the Company had not made the Exchange Election.

(c)The

Companys designation of any Designated Financial Institution(s) to which the Notes may be submitted for exchange does not require such Designated Financial Institution(s) to accept any Notes.

ARTICLE 15

REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERS

Section

15.01 [Intentionally Omitted].

Section

15.02 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change. (a) If a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change pursuant to Section 15.02(f)) occurs at any time, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion of the principal amount thereof
properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to Section 15.03 that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20 Business Days or more than 35 Business Days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a
repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such
Regular Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of such Regular Record Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the
principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 15.

83

(b)Repurchases

of Notes under this Section 15.02 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon:

(i)delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice) in the form set forth in Attachment 2
to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance with the Depositarys procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case, on or before the close
of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and

(ii)delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate
Trust Office of the Paying Agent, or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the procedures of the Depositary, in each case, such delivery or transfer being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor.

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Physical Notes to be repurchased shall state:

(iii)the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase;

(iv)the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and

(v)that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this Indenture.

If the Notes are Global Notes, to exercise the Fundamental Change repurchase right, Holders must surrender their Notes in accordance with applicable
Depositary procedures.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by
this Section 15.02 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 15.03.

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of withdrawal
thereof.

(c)On

or before the 20th Business Day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, subject to Section 15.02(f), the Company shall provide to all Holders and the
Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the
occurrence of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. In the case of Physical Notes, such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the case of Global
Notes, such notice shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify:

84

(i)the events causing the Fundamental Change;

(ii)the effective date of the Fundamental Change;

(iii)the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 15;

(iv)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price;

(v)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date;

(vi)the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable;

(vii)if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate as a result of the Fundamental Change (or related Make-Whole Fundamental Change);

(viii)that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms
of this Indenture; and

(ix)the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes.

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the validity of the
proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 15.02.

At the Companys request, given at least two Business Days prior to the date the Fundamental Change Company Notice is to be sent (or such shorter
period as may be agreed to by the Trustee), the Trustee shall give such notice in the Companys name and at the Companys expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company.

(d)Notwithstanding

anything to the contrary in this Article 15, the Company shall not be required to repurchase or make an offer to repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes
such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 15 and such third
party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth above.

85

(e)Notwithstanding

the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to
such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders
thereof any Physical Notes held by it during the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or
any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

(f)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 15.02, the Company shall not be required to send a Fundamental Change Company
Notice, or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes, as set forth in this Article 15, in connection with a Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (b)(A) or (B) (or pursuant to clause (a) that also constitutes a
Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (b)(A) or (B)) of the definition thereof, if: (i) such Fundamental Change constitutes a Merger Event pursuant to Section 14.07 whose
Reference Property consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become convertible (pursuant to Section 14.07 and, if applicable, Section

14.03) into consideration that consists solely of U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (calculated
assuming that the same includes the maximum amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable as part of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such Fundamental Change); and (iii) the Company
timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(iii). Any Fundamental Change with respect to which, in accordance with the provisions described in this Section 15.02(f),
the Company is not required to offer to repurchase any Notes is referred to as herein as an Exempted Fundamental Change.

Section

15.03 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) in respect of Physical Notes by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent in accordance with this Section 15.03 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying:

(i)the principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof,

(ii)the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and

(iii)the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000;

86

If the Notes are Global Notes, Holders may withdraw their Notes subject to repurchase at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date in accordance with applicable procedures of the Depositary.

Section

15.04 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a) The Company will deposit with the
Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04) on or
prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds
and/or Notes by the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company), payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not validly withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 15.02) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 15.02 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided, however, that payments to the Depositary shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the
Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

(b)If

by 11:00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) holds money sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (and, to the extent not included in
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, accrued and unpaid interest, if applicable) of the Notes to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase
and have not been validly withdrawn, (i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or whether or not the Notes have been delivered to
the Trustee or Paying Agent) and (iii) all other rights of the Holders of such Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and, to the extent not included in the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price, accrued and unpaid interest, if applicable).

(c)Upon

surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 15.02, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in
an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered.

Section

15.05 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes. In connection with any repurchase offer upon a Fundamental Change pursuant to this Article 15, the Company will, if required:

87

(a)comply

with the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act that may then be applicable;

(b)file

a Schedule TO or any other required schedule under the Exchange Act; and

(c)otherwise

comply in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws in connection with any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes;

in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 15 to be exercised in the time
and in the manner specified in this Article 15.

To the extent that, as a result of a change in law occurring after the first date on which the Notes are issued, the provisions of any securities laws
or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Indenture relating to the Companys obligations to repurchase the Notes upon a Fundamental Change, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be
deemed to have breached its obligations under such provisions of this Indenture by virtue of such conflict.

ARTICLE 16

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION

Section

16.01 Optional Redemption. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to March 6, 2028. On or after March 6, 2028, the Company may
redeem (an Optional Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to the Partial Redemption Limitation), at the Redemption Price, at the Companys option,
if (a) the Notes are Freely Tradable as of the date the Company sends the related Notice of Redemption and all accrued and unpaid Additional Interest, if any, has been paid in full as of the first Interest Payment Date occurring on or before the
date the Company sends such Notice of Redemption; and (b) the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive), including the
Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the Notice of Redemption in accordance with Section 16.02, during any 30 consecutive Trading Day period ending
on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the Notice of Redemption (a Redemption Notice Date) in accordance with Section 16.02. The Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility for determining whether the conditions to redemption have been met.

Section

16.02 Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes. (a) In case the Company exercises its Optional Redemption right to redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes
pursuant to Section 16.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Redemption Date) and it or, at its
written request set forth in an Officers Certificate received by the Trustee not less than five (5) days prior to the date the Redemption Notice is to be sent to Holders (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee), the
Trustee, in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Optional Redemption (a Notice of Redemption) not less
than 45 nor more than 65 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Redemption Date to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) and each Holder of Notes to be redeemed as a whole or in part; provided, however, that, if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give written notice of the Redemption Date to the Trustee and
the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee); provided further that if, in accordance with the provisions described in Section
14.02(a)(iii), the Company elects to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date the Company sends a Notice of Redemption pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(v) and before the related Redemption Date
by Physical Settlement, then the Company may instead elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business Day not less than 10 calendar days nor more than 65 Scheduled Trading Days after the date the Company sends such Notice of Redemption. The
Redemption Date must be a Business Day and the Company may not specify a Redemption Date that falls on or after the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. The Trustee is permitted to accept the Companys direction
regarding redemptions, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, and the Trustee shall have no liability for any action taken at the Companys direction.

88

(b)The

Notice of Redemption, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Notice of Redemption or any defect in
the Notice of Redemption to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note.

(c)Each

Notice of Redemption shall specify:

(i)the Redemption Date;

(ii)the Redemption Price;

(iii)that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date;

(iv)the place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price;

(v)that Holders may surrender their Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date;

(vi)the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Notes and the Settlement Method and Specified Dollar Amount, if applicable;

(vii)the Conversion Rate and, if applicable, the number of Additional Shares added to the Conversion Rate in accordance with Section 14.03;

(viii)the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers, if any, assigned to such Notes; and

(ix)in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the
unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued.

89

A Notice of Redemption shall be irrevocable.

(d)If

the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Section 16.01, at least $100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not
subject to Optional Redemption pursuant to the relevant Notice of Redemption as of the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such requirement, the Partial Redemption Limitation).

If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed and the Notes to be redeemed are Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Depositary in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. If fewer
than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed and the Notes to be redeemed are not Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by a method that is similar to the selection procedures the Depositary would have
applied if the Notes had been Global Notes, or by such other method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate. If any Note selected for partial redemption is submitted for conversion in part after such selection, the portion of the Note
submitted for conversion shall be deemed (so far as may be possible) to be the portion selected for redemption, subject, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, to the Depositarys applicable procedures.

Section

16.03 Payment of Notes Called for Redemption. (a) If any Notice of Redemption has been given in respect of the Notes in accordance with Section

16.02, the Notes shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption and at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and surrender of the Notes at the place or
places stated in the Notice of Redemption, the Notes shall be paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable Redemption Price.

(b)Prior

to 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 7.05 an amount of cash (in immediately available funds if deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such
Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the Redemption Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the
Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Redemption Price.

Section 16.04 Restrictions on Redemption. The Company may not redeem any Notes on any date
if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a
Default by the Company in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to such Notes).

90

ARTICLE 17

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 17.01 Provisions Binding on Companys Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not.

Section 17.02 Official Acts by Successor Corporation. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect
by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be the lawful sole successor of the Company.

Section 17.03 Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for
all purposes if given or served by overnight courier or by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to BridgeBio Pharma,
Inc., 421 Kipling Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301, Attention: General Counsel. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served
by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office or sent electronically in PDF format to an email address specified by the Trustee.

The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Physical Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at
its address as it appears on the Note Register and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed within the time prescribed. Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance
with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for
notice of any event (including any Fundamental Change Company Notice) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing
instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with the Depositarys applicable procedures.

Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. 
If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

91

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to Holders by
mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Section 17.04 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit
or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located
in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues.

The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the
laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New
York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 17.05 Evidence of Compliance with Conditions
Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company
shall furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to such action have been complied with.

Each Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for, by or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with
respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.08) shall include (a) a statement that the person signing such certificate is
familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based; (c) a statement that, in the judgment of
such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the
judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to such action have been complied with; provided that no Opinion of
Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection with (1) the original issuance of Notes on the date hereof under this Indenture, (2) the mandatory exchange of the restricted CUSIP of the Restricted Securities to an unrestricted CUSIP
pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary upon the Notes becoming Freely Tradable, or (3) a request by the Company that the Trustee deliver a notice to Holders under the Indenture where the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate
with respect to such notice. With respect to matters of fact, an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates of public officials.

92

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 17.05, if any provision in this
Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be taken by the Trustee or the Company hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to such Opinion of Counsel.

Section 17.06 Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date
is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect
of the delay; provided, however, for purposes of this Section 17.06, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day.

Section 17.07 No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this Indenture or in
the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction.

Section 17.08 Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the
Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 17.09 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Indenture have been inserted
for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 17.10 Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an
authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including
under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section 2.06, Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 15.04 as fully to all
intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the
authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement
hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as trustee hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08.

93

Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate trust business of any authenticating
agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without the execution or
filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity.

Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time
terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any
authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall deliver notice of such
appointment to all Holders.

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may terminate the
authenticating agent, if it determines such agents fees to be unreasonable.

The provisions of Section 7.02, Section
7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03 and this Section 17.10
shall be applicable to any authenticating agent.

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section 17.10, the Notes may have
endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:

________________________________,

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

By:

Authorized Officer

Section 17.11 Execution in Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall
together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the
parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Indenture as to the other parties hereto shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in writing (provided that any communication sent to the
Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee by the authorized representative),
in English. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized
instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

94

Section 17.12 Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture or
in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

Section 17.13 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 17.14 Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond
its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, pandemics, epidemics, recognized public emergencies, quarantine restrictions, nuclear or natural
catastrophes or acts of God, interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, and hacking, cyber-attacks, or other use or infiltration of the Trustees technological infrastructure
exceeding authorized access; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 17.15 Calculations. Except as otherwise provided herein, the
Company shall be responsible for making all calculations called for under the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the Trading Price of the Notes for
purposes of determining whether the Notes are convertible, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Settlement Amounts, accrued interest payable on the Notes (including Additional Interest or Deferred Additional Interest), the
Redemption Price and the Conversion Rate of the Notes. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the Companys calculations shall be final and binding on Holders of Notes. The Company shall provide
a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The
Trustee will forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the request of that Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company.

Section 17.16 USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in
accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each
person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the
requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

95

Section 17.17. Withholding Taxes. Any applicable withholding taxes (including backup
withholding) may be withheld from interest and payments upon conversion, repurchase or maturity of the Notes, or if any withholding taxes (including backup withholding) are paid on behalf of a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes, those withholding
taxes may be set off against payments of cash or Common Stock, if any, payable on the Notes (or, in some circumstances, any payments on the Common Stock) or sales proceeds received by or other funds or assets of the Holder or beneficial owner.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

96

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC.

By: /s/Neil Kumar

Name: 

Neil Kumar

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: 

Joshua A. Hahn

Title: 

Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE]

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY
OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE
TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE &
CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A RESTRICTED SECURITY]

[THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1)REPRESENTS THAT IT
AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2)AGREES FOR THE
BENEFIT OF BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY, IF ANY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN OR
THEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE,
IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A)TO THE COMPANY OR ANY
SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B)PURSUANT TO A
REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

A-1

(C)TO A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D)PURSUANT TO AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY
OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC. OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE
(AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC. DURING THE PRECEDING THREE MONTHS MAY PURCHASE, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.]

A-2

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

1.75% Convertible Senior Note due 2031

[Initially]1 $[__________]

No. [__]

CUSIP No. [__________]2

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.]3
[__________]4, or registered assigns, the principal sum [as set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto]5 [of $[__________]]6, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all
other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $575,000,000 in aggregate at any time , in accordance with the rules and applicable procedures of the Depositary, on March 1, 2031, and interest thereon as set forth
below.

This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 1.75% per year from February 28, 2025 or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or
provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date until March 1, 2031. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 1 and September 1, commencing on September 1, 2025, to Holders of record at the close of
business on the preceding February 15 and August 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(c), Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note
therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest and Deferred Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest or Deferred Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(c), Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(f) or Section 6.03, and any express mention of the payment of Additional Interest or Deferred Additional Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest or Deferred Additional Interest in
those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made.

1 Include if a global note.

2 This Note will be deemed to be identified by CUSIP No. [__________] from and after such time when (i) the Company delivers, pursuant to Section 2.05(c) of
the within-mentioned Indenture, written notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and the removal of the restrictive legend affixed to this Note and (ii) this Note is identified by such CUSIP number in
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary.

3 Include if a global note.

4 Include if a physical note.

5 Include if a global note.

6 Include if a physical note.

A-3

Any Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the rate borne by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from,
and including, the relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c)
of the Indenture.

The Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the principal of and interest on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in
immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the
principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and
its agency in the contiguous United States, as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder
of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall
for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof).

In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern.

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the
Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

A-4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed.

BRIDGEBIO PHARMA, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes

described in the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

1.75% Convertible Senior Note due 2031

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes), limited to the aggregate principal amount of $575,000,000 all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee), to which
Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional
Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the
Indenture.

In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the
Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in
the Indenture.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash
amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and
in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the
terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the
Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences.

Each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful money and/or
shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed.

A-6

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or
agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without
payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes
issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange.

The Notes shall be redeemable at the Companys option on or after March 6, 2028 and on or before the 41st Scheduled Trading Date immediately preceding
the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes.

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at such Holders option and subject to the limitations set forth in the
Indenture, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price.

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain
conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash,
shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture, in each case, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as
provided in the Indenture.

A-7

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM = as tenants in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

CUST = Custodian

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN = joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

A-8

SCHEDULE A7

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [__________] DOLLARS ($[__________]). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note
have been made:

Date of

exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal

amount of this

Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal

amount of this

Global Note 

Principal

amount of this

Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee or

Custodian

7Include if a global note.

Schedule A-1

ATTACHMENT 1

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION]

To: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

60 Livingston Ave

Saint Paul, MN 55107

Attention: BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. Administrator

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000 principal amount
or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any
cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the
registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all
documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized
terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an
approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to be issued, or Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder.

Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Notes if to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder:

(Name) 

(Street Address) 

(City, State and Zip Code) 

Attachment 1-1

Please print name and address 

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or
any change whatever.

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number

Attachment 1-2

ATTACHMENT 2

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE]

To: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

60 Livingston Ave

Saint Paul, MN 55107

Attention: BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. Administrator

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (the Company) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered
holder hereof in accordance with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and
(2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below:

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number

Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or
any change whatever.

Attachment 2-1

ATTACHMENT 3

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER]

For value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the
within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

In connection with any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, as defined in the Indenture governing
such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred:

To BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. or a subsidiary thereof; or

Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.

Dated:

Signature(s) 

Signature Guarantee 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with
membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder.

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatever.

Attachment 3-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20044715_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

BridgeBio Initiates Long Term Debt Management Strategy and Announces Proposed Offering of Convertible Senior Notes to Refinance Senior Secured Debt

- Long term debt management strategy will strengthen the balance sheet without increasing total liabilities

- Refinancing term debt facility lowers interest expense, eliminates near-term amortization payments, and significantly extends debt maturity

PALO ALTO, Calif. February 24, 2025 BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: BBIO) (the Company, we or BridgeBio) announced today that it intends to offer, subject to
market conditions and other factors, $500 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2031 (the notes) in a private offering (the offering) to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In connection with the offering, the Company expects to grant the initial purchasers an option to purchase up to an additional $75 million aggregate principal amount of notes.

The Company intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repay all outstanding borrowings under and terminate its Financing Agreement, dated as of
January 17, 2024, with the lenders party thereto and Blue Owl Corporation, as administrative agent, as amended (the Financing Agreement), and pay any fees related thereto. The termination of the Financing Agreement, which accounted for
approximately $51.5 million of cash paid for interest in 2024 and contains various restrictive covenants, will provide the Company with reduced pro forma interest expense and greater operational flexibility. The Company intends to use up to $50
million of any remaining net proceeds from the offering to repurchase shares of its common stock from certain purchasers of the notes in privately negotiated transactions effected through one or more of the initial purchasers or an affiliate thereof
concurrently with the pricing of the notes (such transactions, the share repurchases), together, if necessary, with cash on hand. The Company expects to use any remaining net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes.

The Company expects the purchase price per share of its common stock in the share repurchases to equal the last reported sale price per share of its common stock on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market as of the date of the pricing of the notes. The share repurchases could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of the Companys common stock prior to, concurrently with or shortly after the
pricing of the notes, and could result in a higher effective conversion price for the notes. The Company cannot predict the magnitude of such market activity or the overall effect it will have on the market price of the notes and/or the market price
of the Companys common stock.

The final terms of the notes, including the initial conversion rate, interest rate and certain other terms, will be determined at the time of pricing. The notes will bear
interest semi-annually and will mature on March 1, 2031, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Prior to December 2, 2030, the notes will be convertible only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods. Thereafter,
the notes will be convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. The notes will be convertible at the option of the holders, subject to certain conditions and during
certain periods, into cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Companys common stock, with the form of consideration determined at the Companys election.

The Company may not redeem the notes prior to March 6, 2028. On or after March 6, 2028 and on or before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date
of the notes, the Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the notes, at its option at any time, and from time to time, if the last reported sale price per share of the Companys common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price for a
specified period of time and certain other conditions are satisfied. The redemption price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Holders of
the notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their notes at 100% of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain events.

When issued, the notes will be the Companys senior unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any of the Companys unsecured indebtedness that is
expressly subordinated in right of payment to the notes; equal in right of payment to any of the Companys unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the
Companys secured indebtedness and obligations, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Companys subsidiaries.

The notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, are not being registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any
other jurisdiction. The notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About BridgeBio

BridgeBio is a new type of biopharmaceutical company founded to discover, create, test, and deliver transformative medicines to treat patients
who suffer from genetic diseases. BridgeBios pipeline of development programs ranges from early science to advanced clinical trials. BridgeBio was founded in 2015 and its team of experienced drug discoverers, developers and innovators are committed
to applying advances in genetic medicine to help patients as quickly as possible.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements. Statements in this press release may include statements that are not historical facts
and are considered forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), which are usually identified by the use of words such as
anticipates, believes, continues, estimates, expects, hopes, intends, may, plans, projects, remains, seeks, should, will, and variations of such words or similar expressions. We intend these forward-looking statements to
be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements, including statements relating to whether we will offer and
issue the notes, the terms of the notes, the anticipated use of the net proceeds from the offering and the expectations regarding the effect of the share repurchases, reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies,
which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made.

Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies as reflected in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no
assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of our management as of the date
of this press release, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Contact:

Bubba Murarka, EVP Communications

contact@bridgebio.com

(650)-789-8220

Source: BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20044715_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

BridgeBio Prices Offering of $500 Million Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 to Refinance Senior Secured Debt

- 

Refinancing term debt facility lowers interest expense, eliminates near-term amortization payments, and significantly extends debt maturity

- 

Offering priced at 1.75% interest rate and 45% conversion premium

PALO ALTO, Calif. February 25, 2025 BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: BBIO) (the Company, we or BridgeBio) announced today the pricing of $500 million aggregate
principal amount of 1.75% convertible senior notes due 2031 (the notes) in a private offering (the offering) to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In
connection with the offering, the Company granted the initial purchasers an option to purchase up to an additional $75 million aggregate principal amount of notes. The sale of the notes is expected to close on February 28, 2025, subject to
customary closing conditions.

The Company estimates that the net proceeds from the sale of the notes will be approximately $489.5 million (or approximately $563.0 million if the initial purchasers
exercise their option to purchase additional notes in full), after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to
repay all outstanding borrowings under and terminate its Financing Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2024, with the lenders party thereto and Blue Owl Corporation, as administrative agent, as amended (the Financing Agreement), and pay any fees
related thereto. The termination of the Financing Agreement, which accounted for approximately $51.5 million of cash paid for interest in 2024 and contains various restrictive covenants, will provide the Company with reduced pro forma interest
expense and greater operational flexibility.

The Company intends to use approximately $48.3 million of the remaining net proceeds from the offering to repurchase 1,405,411 shares of its common stock from certain
purchasers of the notes in privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or an affiliate thereof and entered into concurrently with the pricing of the notes (such transactions, the share repurchases). The
agreed to purchase price per share of the Companys common stock in the share repurchases is equal to the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock of $34.35 per share on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on February 25, 2025. The
share repurchases could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of the Companys common stock, and could have resulted in a higher effective conversion price for the notes. The Company expects to use the remaining net
proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes.

The notes will bear interest at a rate of 1.75% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning September 1, 2025. The
notes will mature on March 1, 2031, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Prior to December 2, 2030, the notes will be convertible only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods. Thereafter, the notes will be
convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. The notes will be convertible at the option of the holders, subject to certain conditions and during certain periods,
into cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Companys common stock, with the form of consideration determined at the Companys election.

The conversion rate will initially be 20.0773 shares of the Companys common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of
approximately $49.81 per share of the Companys common stock). The initial conversion price of the notes represents a premium of approximately 45.0% over the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock of $34.35 per share on February
25, 2025.

The Company may not redeem the notes prior to March 6, 2028. On or after March 6, 2028 and on or before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity
date of the notes, the Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the notes, at its option at any time, and from time to time, if (i) the last reported sale price per share of the Companys common stock has been at least 130% of the
conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period
ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption and (ii) certain other conditions are satisfied. The redemption price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Holders of the notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their notes at 100% of their principal amount, plus any accrued and
unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain events.

When issued, the notes will be the Companys senior unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any of the Companys unsecured indebtedness that
is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the notes; equal in right of payment to any of the Companys unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Companys secured indebtedness
and obligations to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Companys subsidiaries.

The notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, are not being registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any
other jurisdiction. The notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of
the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About BridgeBio

BridgeBio is a new type of biopharmaceutical company founded to discover, create, test, and deliver transformative medicines to treat patients who suffer from genetic
diseases. BridgeBios pipeline of development programs ranges from early science to advanced clinical trials. BridgeBio was founded in 2015 and its team of experienced drug discoverers, developers and innovators are committed to applying advances
in genetic medicine to help patients as quickly as possible.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements. Statements in this press release may include statements that are not historical facts and are considered
forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), which are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipates, believes,
continues, estimates, expects, hopes, intends, may, plans, projects, remains, seeks, should, will, and variations of such words or similar expressions. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe
harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements, including statements relating to whether we will issue the notes, the
anticipated use of the net proceeds from the offering and the expectations regarding the effect of the share repurchases, reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies, which are based on the information
currently available to us and on assumptions we have made.

Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations and strategies as reflected in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give
no assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of our management as of the
date of this press release, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we assume no
obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Contact:

Bubba Murarka, EVP Communications

contact@bridgebio.com

(650)-789-8220

Source: BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bbio-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bbio-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bbio-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image00006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image00007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image00008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image00009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>image00010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image00011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38959

Entity Registrant Name BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001743881

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-1850815

Entity Address, Address Line One 3160 Porter Dr.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, City or Town Palo Alto

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94304

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 391-9740

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BBIO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://bridgebio.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bbio-20250224.xsd 
bbio-20250224_lab.xml 
bbio-20250224_pre.xml 
ef20044715_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-006524-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ef20044715_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001743881 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

false 
0001743881 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. 
DE 
001-38959 
84-1850815 
3160 Porter Dr. 
Suite 250 
Palo Alto 
CA 
94304 
650 
391-9740 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BBIO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>