<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-021978.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-021978.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310073526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-021978
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001736243
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40536
		FILM NUMBER:		25722160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		259 LIBERTY AVENUE
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-533-1469

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		259 LIBERTY AVENUE
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acurx Pharmaceuticals, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180402
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000173624300017362432025-03-062025-03-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware 001-40536 82-3733567

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

259 Liberty Avenue, Staten Island, NY10305

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (917) 533-1469

Not applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e- 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share ACXP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company x

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 6, 2025, Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an institutional investor named therein (the Investor), pursuant to
which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering by the Company directly to the Investor (the Registered
Offering) (i) 2,150,000 shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock), at a purchase price of $0.40 per share and (ii) pre-funded common stock purchase warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants)
to purchase up to 595,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) at a purchase price of $0.3999 per Pre-Funded
Warrant for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $1.1 million, before deducting the placement agent fees and related offering
expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Investor and customary
indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to certain
restrictions on the issuance and sale of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) during the
30-day period following the closing of the Registered Offering (the Lock-up Period). Additionally, the Company agreed not
to enter into a variable rate transaction for a period of one year following the closing of the Registered Offering, provided, however,
that following the Lock-up Period, (i) the Company may enter into and/or issue shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market
facility with Wainwright (as defined below) as sales agent, and (ii) the Company may enter into, or effect a transaction under, an equity
line of credit.

The Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265956), which was filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on July 1, 2022 and was declared effective by the Commission on
July 11, 2022 (the Registration Statement).

In a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement and together with the Registered Offering, the Offering),
the Company agreed to issue to the Investor series F common warrants (the Series F Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate
of 8,235,000 shares of Common Stock. The Series F Warrants will have an exercise price of $0.40 per share and will be exercisable commencing
on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series F Warrants
(the Stockholder Approval) and will expire twenty-four months following the date of Stockholder Approval. The Company will
be obligated to obtain Stockholder Approval at the Company's annual meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is 150 days following
the Closing Date (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline). If Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder
Meeting Deadline, the Company is required to cause an additional stockholder meeting to be held every 60 days after the Stockholder Meeting
Deadline until Stockholder Approval is obtained or the Series F Warrants are no longer outstanding. The Series F Warrants and the shares
of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series F Warrants are not being registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), were not offered pursuant to the Registration Statement and were offered pursuant to the exemption
provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

A holder (together with its affiliates) may
not exercise any portion of the Pre-Funded Warrants or Series F Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99% (or, at the holders option upon issuance, 9.99%) of the Companys outstanding Common Stock immediately
after exercise. However, upon at least 61 days prior notice from the holder to the Company, a holder with a 4.99% ownership blocker
may increase the amount of ownership of outstanding Common Stock after exercising the holders Pre-Funded Warrants or Series F Warrants,
as applicable, up to 9.99% of the number of the Companys Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise,
as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrant or Series F Warrant, as applicable.

2

Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause a registration statement
on Form S-1 providing for the resale by holders of shares of its Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series F Warrants, to
become effective within 60 calendar days following the date of the Purchase Agreement (or within 90 calendar days following the date of
the Purchase Agreement in case of a full review by the Commission) and to keep such registration statement effective at
all times until the Investor does not own any Series F Warrants or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof.

The Offering is expected to close on or about
March 10, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

On October 9, 2024, the Company entered into an engagement letter, in connection with the Registered Offering (the Engagement Letter),
with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Wainwright), pursuant to which Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement
agent for the issuance and sale of securities of the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. As compensation for such placement agent
services, the Company has agreed to pay Wainwright an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from
sales to the institutional investor in the Offering, plus a management fee equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company
from the Offering, up to $20,000 for its fees and expenses of legal counsel and $10,000 for clearing expenses. The Company has also agreed
to issue to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase up to 164,700 shares of Common Stock (the Wainwright Warrants
and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrants and Series F Warrants, the Warrants). The Wainwright Warrants are exercisable
commencing on the effective date of Stockholder Approval of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
Wainwright Warrants, will expire on the earlier of (i) two years from the initial exercise date or (ii) March 6, 2030, and have an exercise
price of $0.50 per share. Further, pursuant to the Engagement Letter, Wainwright is entitled to compensation with respect to any financing
of the Company occurring within twelve months of the termination of the Engagement Letter when such financing is provided by investors
whom Wainwright has contacted or introduced to the Company during the term of the Engagement Letter. Further, pursuant to the Engagement
Letter, Wainwright has a right of first refusal to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter or sole placement agent with respect
to any public offering or private placement of equity, equity-linked or debt securities using an underwriter or placement agent occurring
during the twelve-month period following the termination of the Engagement Letter. The Engagement Letter also includes indemnification
obligations of the Company and other provisions customary for transactions of this nature.

Neither of the Wainwright Warrants nor the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Wainwright Warrants (the Wainwright Warrant Shares) are registered under
the Securities Act. The Wainwright Warrants and the Wainwright Warrant Shares were issued in reliance on the exemptions from registration
provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act.

The Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital
Market. There is no established trading market for the Warrants, and the Company does not intend to list the Warrants on any securities
exchange or nationally recognized trading system. Without a trading market, the liquidity of the Warrants may be extremely limited.

The foregoing summaries of the form of Purchase Agreement, the form of Series F Warrant, the form of Pre-Funded
Warrant and the form of Wainwright Warrant do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such
documents attached as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein
by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

A copy of the opinion of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris,
Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated herein by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing the pricing of the Offering described above, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

3

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Form of Series F Warrant.

4.2 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

4.3 Form of Wainwright Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Mintz, Levin,
Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2025, by and among Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchaser party thereto.

23.1 Consent of Mintz, Levin,
Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Pricing Press Release.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Acurx
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Date: March 10, 2025 By: /s/
David P. Luci

Name: David P. Luci

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES F COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ACURX
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______

Issue Date: _______, 2025

THIS SERIES F COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _______ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the Stockholder Approval Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, the
date that is the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Company),
up to _______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated March 6, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as
defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States
bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of
the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased as set forth in the applicable Notice(s) of
Exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The
Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.40, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering the resale of the Warrant Shares
by, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by, the Holder, then this Warrant may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the
option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rules, or regulations.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable) and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii), after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third
Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares
are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common
Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after
such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than
in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Reserved.

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

6

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's
control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any
Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion
of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate
for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of
the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental
Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading
Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity),
and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

7

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries as determined by the Company in consultation with Company
Counsel, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder
shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions
of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder
delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may
be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee
of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

9

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

11

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ACURX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

Name: David P. Luci

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

13

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ACURX
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account
Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned
is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

14

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ACURX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Issue Date: ____, 2025

Initial Exercise Date: ____, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation incorporated
under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the
Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated March 6, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as
defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States
bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of
the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased as set forth in the applicable Notice(s)
of Exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The
Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance
or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining
unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price). 

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours
(as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at
the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any
position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common
Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if
the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The
Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per
share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable) and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii), after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third
Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares
are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common
Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of
Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time
after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by
4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date
for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. 

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant. 

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

4

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that
the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or
(C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or
decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in
no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with
the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give
effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant. 

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

7

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or
(E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the
Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice
stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common
Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any
defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date
of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

8

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder
delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may
be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

9

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who
are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company
covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon
exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue
thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

10

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ACURX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

Name: David P. Luci

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

12

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ACURX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money
of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing
Entity: 

Signature of
Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized
Signatory: 

Title of Authorized
Signatory: 

Date: 

13

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the
foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ACURX
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______

Issue Date: March 10, 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _______ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the
earlier of (i) the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the Stockholder Approval Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading
Day, the date that is the immediately following Trading Day and (ii) March 6, 2030 (such earlier date, the Termination Date),
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of
the state of Delaware (the Company), up to _______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is being issued pursuant to that certain engagement letter, dated as of October 9,
2024, by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated March 6, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as
defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States
bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of
the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased as set forth in the applicable Notice(s) of
Exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The
Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.50, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering the resale of the Warrant Shares
by, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by, the Holder, then this Warrant may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the
option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rules, or regulations.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable) and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii), after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case
of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the
Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder
rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant
remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on
the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice
is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Reserved.

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise, other
than cash (including, without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin
off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant. 

6

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's
control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any
Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion
of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate
for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of
the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental
Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading
Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity),
and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

7

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries as determined by the Company in consultation with Company
Counsel, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder
shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section
4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

8

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day. 

9

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered to
the address for the Holder in the Warrant Register.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

10

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ACURX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

Name: David P. Luci

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

12

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: ACURX
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

13

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

212 935 3000

mintz.com

March 10, 2025

Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

259 Liberty Avenue

Staten Island, New York 10305 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission) of a Prospectus Supplement, dated March 6, 2025, to a Prospectus, dated July 11, 2022 (the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement), filed pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-265956
(the Registration Statement) and filed by the Company with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). The Prospectus Supplement relates to the sale of (a) 2,150,000 shares (the Shares)
of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) and (b) pre-funded warrants (the
Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 595,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares and
collectively with the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated March 6, 2025, between the Company and the purchasers named therein (the Purchase Agreement). The form of Purchase
Agreement will be filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. This
opinion is being rendered in connection with the filing of the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission. All capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Registration Statement.

In connection with this opinion, we have (i) examined and relied upon:
(A) the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, (B) the form of Pre-Funded Warrant to be filed as an exhibit
to a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, (C) the Companys Certificate of
Incorporation and Amended and Bylaws, as currently in effect, and (D) the originals or copies certified to our satisfaction of such records,
documents, certificates, memoranda and other instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable us to render the opinion
expressed below; and (ii) assumed that the Securities to be sold by the Company will be sold at a price and on terms established by the
Board of Directors of the Company or a duly constituted pricing committee thereof in accordance with Section 153 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law. As to certain factual matters, we have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Company and have not independently
verified such matters. In rendering this opinion, we have assumed the genuineness and authenticity of all signatures on signed documents;
the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals; the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies;
the accuracy, completeness and authenticity of certificates of public officials; and the due authorization, execution and delivery of
all documents where due authorization, execution and delivery are a prerequisite to the effectiveness thereof (except we have not made
such assumption with respect to the Company).

MINTZ

March 10, 2025

Page 2 

Our opinion is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware and, as to the Pre-Funded Warrants constituting valid and binding obligations of the Company, the laws of the State of New
York, and we express no opinion with respect to the laws of any other jurisdiction. No opinion is expressed herein with respect to the
qualification of the Securities under the securities or blue sky laws of any state or any foreign jurisdiction.

With regard to our opinion concerning the Pre-Funded Warrants constituting
valid and binding obligations of the Company:

(i) Our opinion is subject to, and may be limited by, (a)
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, debtor and creditor, and similar laws which relate
to or affect creditors rights generally, and (b) general principles of equity (including, without limitation, concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing) regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(ii) Our opinion is subject to the qualification that the
availability of specific performance, an injunction or other equitable remedies is subject to the discretion of the court before which
the request is brought.

(iii) We express no opinion as to any provision of the Pre-Funded
Warrants that: (a) provides for liquidated damages, buy-in damages, monetary penalties, prepayment or make-whole payments or other economic
remedies to the extent such provisions may constitute unlawful penalties, (b) relates to advance waivers of claims, defenses, rights granted
by law, or notice, opportunity for hearing, evidentiary requirements, statutes of limitations, trial by jury, or procedural rights, (c)
restricts non-written modifications and waivers, (d) provides for the payment of legal and other professional fees where such payment
is contrary to law or public policy, (e) relates to exclusivity, election or accumulation of rights or remedies, or (f) provides that
provisions of the Pre-Funded Warrants are severable to the extent an essential part of the agreed exchange is determined to be invalid
and unenforceable.

(iv) We express no opinion as to whether a state court outside
of the State of New York or a federal court of the United States would give effect to the choice of New York law provided for in the Pre-Funded
Warrants.

MINTZ

March 10, 2025

Page 3 

With respect to the Warrant Shares, we express no opinion to the extent
that, notwithstanding its current reservation of shares of Common Stock, future issuances of securities, including the Warrant Shares,
of the Company and/or adjustments to outstanding securities, including the Pre-Funded Warrants, of the Company may cause the Pre-Funded
Warrants to be exercisable for more shares of Common Stock than the number that remain authorized but unissued. Further, we have assumed
the Exercise Price (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) will not be adjusted to an amount below the par value per share of the Common
Stock.

On the basis of the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, we are of the
opinion that (i) the Shares, when sold and issued in accordance with the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) provided that the Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly executed and delivered
by the Company and duly delivered to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor, the Pre-Funded Warrants, when sold and issued as
contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, will be valid and binding obligations of the
Company, and (iii) the Warrant Shares, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a
Current Report on Form 8-K in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act
and to the use of this Firms name therein and in the Prospectus Supplement under the caption Legal Matters. In giving
such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo,
P.C.

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo,
P.C.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of March 6, 2025, between Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation incorporated
under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto
(each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined
below) as to the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements
of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as to
the Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, Securities (as defined below) of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is
not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with
Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable on the Stockholder Approval Date and have a term of exercise
equal to twenty-four (24) months following the Stockholder Approval Date, in the form of Exhibit A-1 attached hereto.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company Counsel
means Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., with offices located at 919 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately
following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is
signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New
York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

2

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors, consultants or
vendors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of
the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services
rendered to the Company; provided, however, that any securities issued to consultants under this clause (a) are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration
statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, (b) warrants to the Placement
Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants to the
Placement Agent, if applicable, and/or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued
hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on
the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number
of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration
statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance
shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or
an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, and (d) securities issued to consultants,
vendors or other service providers of the Company, provided that any securities issued to consultants, vendors or other service providers
are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit
the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

3

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers, and
10% stockholders of the Company, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $0.40, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, provided
that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Placement
Agent means H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and will expire when exercised in full,
in the form of Exhibit A-2 attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or
incorporated by reference into such prospectus.

4

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all
information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Commission (File No. 333-265956),
including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers
the sale and issuance of the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not
be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or
any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon
the exercise thereof.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

5

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants (if applicable) and Common
Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the
heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of
doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when
such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is open for
trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any
other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, at its principal office in New York, New York,
and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB)
or the OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market)
operated by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

6

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of approximately $1.1 million of Shares and Common Warrants; provided, however, that
to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates,
and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect,
by so indicating such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in
the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of such Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election
to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the
signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Common Warrant (and,
if applicable, a Pre-Funded Warrant) as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the
other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location (including remotely by electronic transmission)
or as the Company and the Placement Agent shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares
shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses
and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of
such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall
be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including
the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or
any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares),
such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to
be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such
Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior
to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during
the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares
of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any.

7

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to
deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the
Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Placement Agent and Purchasers;

(iii) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject
to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited
basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant, if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) if
applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such
Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable
to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001 per share of Common
Stock, subject to adjustment therein;

(vi) a
Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 300% of such Purchasers
Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, if applicable, with an exercise price equal to $0.40 per share, subject to adjustment therein;

8

(vii) the
duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(viii) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement
with the Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

9

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse
Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke,
limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

10

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any
property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such
as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice and/or
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant
Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) Stockholder Approval, (v) the filing of Form D
with the Commission and (vi) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in
conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on July 11, 2022, including the Prospectus, and
such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Company was at the time of the filing
of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and
it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and
during the twelve (12) calendar months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. The Registration
Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been
instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations
of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement
and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

12

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary,
or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not
obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers).
There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares
was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Other than the Stockholder
Approval, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale
of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

13

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file
such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with
the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely
basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such
extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities
Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and
except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects
the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had
or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared
or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company equity compensation plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for
confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule
3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur
or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or
financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation
is made.

14

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or
challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there
were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary,
nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal
or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not
pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the
Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety,
product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

15

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local
and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater,
land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment,
or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice
letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their
respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in
each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the
payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment
of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

16

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude it from having valid license
rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any
rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

17

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and any and all applicable rules and
regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company
and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented
in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been
no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries
that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company
and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. Except for compensation payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are
or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

18

(v) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), the Company is, and
has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser
makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

19

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration
of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions
of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the
amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on
its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking
into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or
circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws
of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured
and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

20

(bb) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and
all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment
to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is CohnReznick LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such
accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion
with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024.

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

21

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has
been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities
of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers
may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation,
during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such
hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time
that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of,
any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection
with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) FDA.
As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use,
premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices,
product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would
not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit,
arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the
FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses
of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of
advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical
investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise
alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually
or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being
conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has
not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed
to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any
product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

22

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of
the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under
the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems
and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition
that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company
and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy
and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the
Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information
and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

23

(kk) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were,
in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation,
the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws);
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis
of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable
Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable
Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter,
and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal
Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security
number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying
information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and
(iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures
made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws;
(ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(ll) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(nn) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

24

(oo) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Common Warrants or the Common Warrant Shares by the Company to the
Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations
of the Trading Market.

(qq) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Common Warrant
or Common Warrant Shares by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Common Warrants and Common
Warrant Shares for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501
under the Securities Act.

(rr) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance
on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive
officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person)
is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities
Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3).
The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company
has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a
copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ss) Other
Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that
has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

25

(tt) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to the Closing Date of
(i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time,
reasonably be expected to become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
Such Purchaser understands that the Common Warrants and the Common Warrant Shares are restricted securities and have not
been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities as principal for his,
her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons
to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law
(this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

26

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that
neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made
or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired
non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the
issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or
fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

27

(g) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right
to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained
in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein
shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect
Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Removal
of Legends.

(a) The
Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection
with any transfer of Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144,
to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may
require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer
does not require registration of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act.

28

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Common Warrants or Common
Warrant Shares in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares to a financial institution that is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such
Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or
transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor
shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense,
the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Common Warrants and Common Warrant
Shares may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Common Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof):
(i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following
any sale of such Common Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Common Warrants), or (iii) if
such Common Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Common Warrants), or (iv) if
such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser
promptly if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively.
If all or any portion of a Common Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale
of the Common Warrant Shares, or if such Common Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Common
Warrants) or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Common Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company
agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the
earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Common Warrant Shares,
as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered
to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make
any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.
Common Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the
account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Common Warrant
Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

29

(d) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Common Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading
Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day three (3) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend
Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or
cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Common Warrant Shares so delivered to
the Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of
all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock, that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then
an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket
expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
(the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Common Warrant Shares that the Company was required
to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any
Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Common Warrant
Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

(e) The
Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective
registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares or if the Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised via
cashless exercise, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time
following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Company shall
immediately notify the holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter
shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser
to sell, any of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use
best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

30

4.2 Furnishing
of Information.

(a) Until
the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities and (ii) the Common Warrants have expired, the Company covenants
to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed
by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act.

(b) At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the
Common Warrant Shares (assuming cashless exercise) may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and
otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the
current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or
becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public
Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser,
in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Common
Warrant Shares, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Exercise Price of such Purchasers Common Warrants
on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter
until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is
no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Common Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser
shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments.
Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public
Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public
Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner,
such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in
full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser
shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief.

31

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2
of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares or that would be integrated with the offer or sale
of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval
prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective
upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under
any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent
such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice
of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

32

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on
its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of,
such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general corporate
purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment
of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC
regulations.

33

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur
as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity,
or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with
respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach
of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct),
or (c) in connection with any registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Common Warrant
Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements
or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party
expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser
Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to
the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the
employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to
any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

34

4.9 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in
such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and
Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably
necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer. In addition, the Company shall hold its annual meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is
one hundred fifty (150) days following the Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of
the Companys Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in
connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders
shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at such annual meeting, the Company
shall call a meeting every sixty (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which Stockholder
Approval is obtained or the Common Warrants are no longer outstanding. Each Purchaser covenants that if such Purchaser holds any Shares
or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares as of the record date of such meeting, such Purchaser shall not vote such Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
on the proposal for Stockholder Approval at such meeting.

4.11 Reserved.

4.12 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue,
enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than (x) any prospectus or prospectus supplement,
or any amendment or supplement thereto in connection with an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as the sales agent, (y) the
Prospectus Supplement, the filing of a registration statement or any amendment thereto with respect to the Common Warrant Shares, or (z) filing
a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

35

(b) From
the date hereof until the one (1) year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or
entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
(or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects
a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market facility,
whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually
been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, following the expiration of the
restrictive period set forth in Section 4.12(a) above, (i) the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in
an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction, and/or
(ii) the Company may enter into, or effect a transaction under, an equity line of credit. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall
be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of
the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the
Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not
in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities
or otherwise.

36

4.14 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4.Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules
(other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no
Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of
the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press
release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in
any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no
Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after
the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of
a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.15 Capital
Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification
of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
other than a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the listing
of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.

4.16 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

37

4.17 Form D;
Blue Sky Filings. If applicable, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Common Warrant and Common Warrant
Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such
action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Common Warrant and
Common Warrant Shares for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states
of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.18 Registration
Statement. As soon as practicable (and in any event within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of this Agreement), the Company shall
file a registration statement on Form S-1 providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Common Warrant Shares issued and issuable
upon exercise of the Common Warrants. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become
effective within sixty (60) calendar days following the date of this Agreement (or within ninety (90) calendar days following the date
of this Agreement in case of full review of such registration statement by the Commission) and to keep such registration
statement effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.

4.19 Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend
the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to
a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance
of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

38

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date
of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations, warranties and covenants
of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement
is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of,
nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

39

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8,
the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic
signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act
or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly
delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

40

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of
a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

41

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
the legal counsel of the Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents
the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that
each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and
not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration
of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the
next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

42

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Address for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

43

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ACXP SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ______________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99%
or 9.99%

Common
Warrant Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the
above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the
obligations of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall
be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur by the Closing Date and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this
Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be
an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or
the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

44
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Acurx Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. Announces $1.1 Million Registered Direct Offering

Staten Island,
NY, March 7, 2025 Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACXP) (we or Acurx or the Company),
a late-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a new class of antibiotics for difficult-to-treat bacterial infections, today announced
that it has entered into a definitive agreement for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 2,745,000 shares of its common stock (or
common stock equivalents in lieu thereof) at a purchase price of $0.40 per share (or per common stock equivalent in lieu thereof) in
a registered direct offering. In addition, in a concurrent private placement, the Company will issue unregistered short-term warrants
to purchase up to 8,235,000 shares of common stock. The warrants will have an exercise price of $0.40 per share, will be exercisable
beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance of the shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants (the
Stockholder Approval) and will expire twenty-four months following the date of Stockholder Approval. The closing of the
offering is expected to occur on or about March 10, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

H.C. Wainwright
& Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The aggregate gross
proceeds to the Company from the offering are expected to be approximately $1.1 million, before deducting the placement agent fees and
other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital
and other general corporate purposes.

The shares of common
stock (but not the warrants issued in the private placement or the shares of common stock underlying such warrants) are being offered
by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265956) filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 1, 2022, and became effective on July 11, 2022. The registered direct offering of the
shares of common stock is being made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective
registration statement. The prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the shares of common stock being offered
in the registered direct offering will be filed with the SEC and be available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies
of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the registered direct offering may also be obtained, when available,
by contacting H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC at 430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (212) 856-5711 or e-mail
at placements@hcwco.com.

The warrants described
above are being issued in a concurrent private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying the warrants, have not been
registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the warrants and underlying shares of common stock
may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.

This press release
shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there
be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the
registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Acurx Pharmaceuticals
is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing a new class of small molecule antibiotics for difficult-to-treat bacterial
infections. The Company's approach is to develop antibiotic candidates with a Gram-positive selective spectrum (GPSS) that blocks
the active site of the Gram-positive specific bacterial enzyme DNA polymerase IIIC (pol IIIC), inhibiting DNA replication and leading
to Gram-positive bacterial cell death. Its R&D pipeline includes antibiotic product candidates that target Gram-positive bacteria,
including Clostridioides difficile, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), vancomycin resistant Enterococcus (VRE), drug-resistant
Streptococcus pneumoniae (DRSP) and B. anthracis (anthrax; a Bioterrorism Category A Threat-Level pathogen). Acurx's lead product candidate,
ibezapolstat, for the treatment of C. difficile Infection is Phase 3 ready with plans in progress to begin international clinical trials
this year. The Company's preclinical pipeline includes development of an oral product candidate for treatment of ABSSSI (Acute Bacterial
Skin and Skin Structure Infections), upon which a development program for treatment of inhaled anthrax is being planned in parallel.

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements
in this press release about our future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations,
prospects, plans and objectives, and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans,"
"expects," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding the ability of the Company to consummate the offering, the
satisfaction of the closing conditions of the offering, the use of proceeds therefrom and the receipt of the Stockholder Approval. Actual
results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including:
market and other conditions, whether ibezapolstat will benefit from the QIDP designation; whether ibezapolstat will advance through the
clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of the clinical trials of ibezapolstat will warrant the submission of applications
for marketing approval, and if so, whether ibezapolstat will receive approval from the FDA or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies
where approval is sought; whether, if ibezapolstat obtains approval, it will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other risks
and uncertainties described in the Company's annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023, and in the Company's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this press release, and Acurx disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements, except as may be required by law.

Investor Contact:

Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

David P. Luci, President & Chief
Executive Officer

Tel: 917-533-1469

Email: davidluci@acurxpharma.com

Source: Acurx Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>acxp-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>acxp-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>acxp-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40536

Entity Registrant Name Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001736243

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3733567

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 259 Liberty Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Staten Island

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10305

City Area Code 917

Local Phone Number 533-1469

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol ACXP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://acurxpharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

acxp-20250306.xsd 
acxp-20250306_lab.xml 
acxp-20250306_pre.xml 
tm258692d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-021978-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm258692d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001736243 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001736243 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-40536 
82-3733567 
259 Liberty Avenue 
Staten Island 
NY 
10305 
917 
533-1469 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
ACXP 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>