<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-049974.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-049974.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307170713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-049974
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TAMPA ELECTRIC CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096271
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				590475140
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05007
		FILM NUMBER:		25721144

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 N FRANKLIN ST
		STREET 2:		TECO PLZA
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132284111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TAMPA ELECTRIC CO
		STREET 2:		TECO PLAZA 702 N FRANKLIN ST
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934766d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

TAMPA ELECTRIC COfalse000009627100000962712025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Florida 1-5007 59-0475140

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

TECO Plaza

702 N. Franklin Street

Tampa, Florida33602

(Address of principal executive offices)

(813)228-1111

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 6, 2025, Tampa Electric Company (the Company) completed its previously reported offering of $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15% Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Notes were sold at 99.731% of par. The offering resulted in net proceeds to the Company (after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses) of approximately $592.7 million. In connection with completing the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Company entered into a nineteenth supplemental indenture (the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture) with The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee), supplementing the Indenture dated July 1, 1998 (the Base Indenture and together with the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, and as otherwise amended and supplemented to date, the Indenture).

The Notes mature on March 1, 2035, and bear interest at a rate of 5.15% per annum. The Company will pay interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2025. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

At any time prior to December 1, 2034, the Company may redeem all or any part of the Notes at its option at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis at the applicable treasury rate (as defined in the Indenture), plus 15 basis points (0.15%), less interest accrued to the date of redemption; in each case, the redemption price would include accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after December 1, 2034, the Company may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at 100% of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

The Indenture provides that each of the following is an event of default (Event of Default): (i) the Company fails to pay any interest on the Notes when due, and such failure has continued for 30 days; (ii) the Company fails to pay the principal of or premium, if any, on the Notes when due; (iii) the Company fails to perform any other covenant in the Indenture (other than a covenant in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than the Notes), and such failure has continued for 90 days after the Company receives written notice as provided in the Indenture; or (iv) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company as described in the Indenture.

If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of all the Notes to be immediately due and payable. Under some circumstances, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may rescind and annul that declaration and its consequences.

The Notes are unsecured and rank equally with the Companys other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.

The preceding description of the Indenture and the Notes is qualified in its entirety by the Base Indenture as originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 1998, and incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267890), as amended and supplemented to date, and the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes filed herewith as Exhibits 4.11 and 4.12, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Affiliates of the Trustee in the past have provided, and may in the future provide, investment banking, underwriting, lending, commercial banking and other advisory services to the Company and its affiliates.

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

In order to furnish certain exhibits for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statements on Form S-3 of the Company previously filed with Securities and Exchange Commission (File No. 333-267890), the Company is including the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture as Exhibit 4.11 hereto and the Notes as Exhibit 4.12 hereto.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

4.11 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 6, 2025, between Tampa Electric Company, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated as of July 1, 1998, as amended. Filed herewith. 

4.12 Notes. Filed herewith. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 7, 2025 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Michelle V. Szekeres

Michelle V. Szekeres

Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.11
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934766dex411.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.11
<TEXT>
EX-4.11

Exhibit 4.11 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

and 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 

As
Trustee 

NINETEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

dated as of March 6, 2025 

Supplementing the Indenture 

dated as of July 1, 1998 

$600,000,000
5.15% Notes Due 2035 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE ONE DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 2 

Section 1.01. Definitions 2 

Section 1.02. Section References 4 

ARTICLE TWO DESIGNATION AND TERMS OF THE NOTES 4 

Section 2.01. Establishment of Series 4 

Section 2.02. Variations in Terms of the Notes 5 

Section 2.03. Amount and Denominations; the Depositary 5 

Section 2.04. Stated Maturity 5 

Section 2.05. Interest Rates and Interest Payment Dates 5 

Section 2.06. Form and Other Terms of the Notes 6 

Section 2.07. Authentication and Delivery 6 

Section 2.08. Redemption; No Sinking Fund 6 

ARTICLE THREE MISCELLANEOUS 7 

Section 3.01. Effect On Original Indenture 7 

Section 3.02. Counterparts; Electronic Signature 7 

Section 3.03. Recitals 8 

Section 3.04. Governing Law 8 

Section 3.05. Force Majeure 8 

Section 3.06. Waiver of Jury Trial 8 

Section 3.07. Damages 9 

Section 3.08. FATCA 9 

Section 3.09. Reports 9 

Section 3.10. Electronic Means 9 

Section 3.11. OFAC Certification and Covenants 10 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF 5.15% NOTE DUE 2035 A-1 

EXHIBIT B FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL COMPANY ORDER B-1 

i 

This Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025, is between Tampa
Electric Company, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Florida (the Company) and having its principal office at TECO Plaza, 702 North Franklin Street, Tampa, Florida 33602, and The Bank of
New York Mellon, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee), and having its principal corporate trust office at 240 Greenwich Street, 7 West, New York, New York 10286. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the
Company and the Trustee entered into an Indenture, dated as of July 1, 1998, as amended by a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2001, as further amended by the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19,
2012, between the Company and the Trustee (the Original Indenture), pursuant to which one or more series of debt of the Company (the Securities) may be issued from time to time; and 

WHEREAS, Section 201 of the Original Indenture permits the terms of any series of Securities to be established in an indenture
supplemental to the Original Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, Section 901(7) of the Original Indenture provides that a supplemental indenture
may be entered into by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of any Holders of the Securities to establish the form and terms of the Securities of any series; and 

WHEREAS, the Company has requested the Trustee to join with it in the execution and delivery of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture in
order to supplement and amend the Original Indenture by, among other things, establishing the form and terms of a series of Securities to be known as the Companys 5.15% Notes due 2035 (the Notes); and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture for the purposes set forth in
Sections 201 and 901 of the Original Indenture as referred to above; and 

WHEREAS, the Company has furnished the Trustee with a Board
Resolution authorizing the execution of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Nineteenth
Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company and the Trustee and a valid supplement to the Original Indenture have been done, 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS NINETEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes to be issued hereunder by Holders thereof, the Company and the Trustee
mutually covenant and agree, for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE ONE 

Definitions and Other Provisions of General Application 

Section 1.01. Definitions 

All capitalized terms that are used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Original
Indenture. The Original Indenture together with this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the Indenture. As used in this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, the following
capitalized terms shall have the following respective meanings: 

Business Day means any day other than (i) a
Saturday or Sunday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulations to close in the City of New York, or (ii) a day on which the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee is
closed for business. 

Comparable Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent
Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term (as measured from the date of redemption) of the Notes to be redeemed calculated as if the maturity date of the Notes were Par Call Date (the Remaining Life)
that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Remaining Life of the Notes. 

Comparable Treasury Price means with respect to any redemption date (1) the average of five Reference Treasury Dealer
Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if an Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all
such quotations. 

Depositary means The Depository Trust Company or its successor. 

Electronic Means means the following communications methods: e-mail, secure
electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services under the
Indenture. 

Global Note means a Note in the form of a Global Security. 

Independent Investment Banker means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, or any of their respective successors, as designated by the Company, or if all of those firms are unwilling or unable to serve as such, an independent investment and banking institution of national standing selected by the Company. 

Interest Payment Date means March 1 and September 1 of each year. 

Notes has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof. 

2 

Original Issue Date means the date upon which the Notes are initially
issued by the Company, such date to be set forth on the face of each Note. 

Par Call Date means December 1, 2034.

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association,
joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision of any government. 

Record Date means the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest
Payment Date, provided, however, as long as the Notes are registered in the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment
Date. The Record Date shall constitute the Regular Record Date for purposes of the Original Indenture. 

Reference Treasury
Dealer means (i) a primary treasury dealer selected by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or each of their respective affiliates and successors; provided that if any such Reference
Treasury Dealer ceases to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a Primary Treasury Dealer), the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer; and (ii) up to two Primary Treasury Dealers
selected by the Company. 

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer
and any redemption date with respect to the Notes, the average, as determined by an Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted
in writing to an Independent Investment Banker at 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company as follows: 

(i) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity 

3 

on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

(ii) If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 or any successor designation or
publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such
redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date, but there are two or more United States
Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury
security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date, or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the
Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at
11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Section 1.02. Section References 

Each reference to a particular section set forth in this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture shall, unless the context otherwise requires, refer
to this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

ARTICLE TWO 

Designation and Terms of the Notes 

Section 2.01. Establishment of Series 

There is hereby created a series of Securities to be known and designated as the 5.15% Notes Due 2035 which shall rank equally
with each other and all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. For the purposes of the Original Indenture, the Notes shall constitute a single series of Securities. 

4 

Section 2.02. Variations in Terms of the Notes 

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Indenture and in this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, the terms of any
particular Note may vary from the terms of any other Note as contemplated by Section 301 of the Original Indenture, and the terms for a particular Note will be set forth in such Note as delivered to the Trustee or an Authenticating Agent for
authentication pursuant to Section 303 of the Original Indenture. 

Section 2.03. Amount and Denominations; the Depositary

(a) The initial principal amount of Notes that may be issued under this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be $600,000,000.
Additional Notes may be issued under this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture in unlimited principal amounts as permitted by the Original Indenture. The authorized denominations of Notes shall be $2,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. 

(b) The Notes shall be issuable only in fully registered form, without coupons, and will initially be registered in the name of
the Depositary, or its nominee who is hereby designated as Depositary under the Original Indenture. 

Section 2.04.
Stated Maturity 

The Stated Maturity of the principal amount of the Notes shall be March 1, 2035. 

Section 2.05. Interest Rates and Interest Payment Dates 

(a) Interest Rate. The Notes shall bear interest at the annual rate of 5.15% from the Original Issue Date to the date on which the
principal shall become due on the Stated Maturity, and if such principal is not fully paid on the Stated Maturity, until such principal is paid in full. 

(b) Interest Payment Date. Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on
September 1, 2025. Such interest will be payable to the Holder thereof as of the related Record Date. 

(c) Computation of
Interest. The amount of interest payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of twelve 30-day months. Except for the effect of any adjustment in the Interest
Payment Date as provided in the following sentence, the amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full six-month period for which interest is computed, will be computed on the basis of the
actual number of days elapsed in such a 180-day period. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the payment required to be made on such Interest Payment Date will be
postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue on such payment for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date to the date of such payment on the next succeeding Business Day. 

5 

Section 2.06. Form and Other Terms of the Notes 

(a) Attached hereto as Exhibit A is the form of the Notes, which form is hereby established as the form in which the Notes may be
issued and which shall be completed with the series designation, Stated Maturity, interest rate and CUSIP number applicable to the Notes upon such issuance. 

(b) Subject to (a) above, any Note may be issued in such other form as may be provided by, or not inconsistent with, the terms of the
Original Indenture and this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 2.07. Authentication and Delivery 

As provided in and pursuant to Section 303 of the Original Indenture, each time that the Company delivers Notes to the Trustee or
Authenticating Agent for authentication after the initial issuance of Notes under this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall deliver a Supplemental Company Order in the form of Exhibit B to this Nineteenth
Supplemental Indenture for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee or such Authenticating Agent shall authenticate and deliver such Notes. 

Section 2.08. Redemption; No Sinking Fund 

(a) Prior to the Par Call Date, the Notes are subject to redemption, in whole or in part, at any time, at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(i) (A) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments
of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points (0.15%), less (B) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. From and after the Par Call Date, the Notes are subject
to redemption in whole or in part at the option of the Company at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

(b) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. The Trustee shall have no responsibility to calculate the redemption price. 

(c) Notice of any redemption will be mailed
(or delivered by electronic transmission in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

6 

(d) In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made,
in the case of certificated Notes, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee shall deem appropriate and fair, and, in the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of
$2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed. In the case of certificated Notes, a
new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Note will be issued in the name of the holder of such Note upon surrender of the original Note. In the case of Global Notes, the applicable Global Note shall be reduced by the
Trustee in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Note being redeemed in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. For so long as the Notes are held by the Depositary, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in
accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

(e) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and
after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

(f) The Notes are not
entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund or analogous provision. 

ARTICLE THREE 

Miscellaneous 

Section 3.01. Effect On Original Indenture 

The Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture is a supplement to the Original Indenture. As supplemented by this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture,
the Original Indenture is in all respects ratified, approved and confirmed, and the Original Indenture and this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

Section 3.02. Counterparts; Electronic Signature 

(a) This Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

(b) The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or any document to be signed in connection with this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture,
including by the Trustee, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. For the avoidance of doubt and only with respect
to the Notes, this Section 3.02(b) shall be deemed to amend Section 303 of the Indenture to permit (i) electronic signatures of the Notes by the officers specified therein and (ii) authentication by the Trustee to be executed by
manual or electronic signature and provide that any Note executed, authenticated and delivered in such manner shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes under the Indenture and entitled to the benefits thereunder and hereunder. 

7 

(c) Delivery of an executed counterpart signature page of this Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture and shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable
person and will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as if it were manually executed. Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall have any duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic
signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 

Section 3.03. Recitals 

The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their
correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds thereof. 

Section 3.04. Governing Law 

This Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction that govern the
Original Indenture and its construction. 

Section 3.05. Force Majeure 

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of
or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to
resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 3.06. Waiver of Jury Trial 

EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

8 

Section 3.07. Damages 

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss or profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

Section 3.08. FATCA 

In order to comply with applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations promulgated by
competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), if a foreign financial institution, issuer, trustee, paying agent, holder or other institution (the Foreign Institution) has agreed to be a
party or subject to the Indenture, (i) the Foreign Institution agrees to provide (and, to the extent such information is in the possession of the Company, the Company agrees to provide) to The Bank of New York Mellon sufficient information
about itself so The Bank of New York Mellon can determine whether it has tax related obligations under Applicable Law, and (ii) the Company and the Foreign Institution agree that The Bank of New York Mellon shall be entitled to make any
withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law. The terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Indenture. 

Section 3.09. Reports 

Delivery of the reports and documents described in Section 704 of the Original Indenture to the Trustee is for informational purposes
only, and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under
the Indenture. 

Section 3.10. Electronic Means 

The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions)
given pursuant to the Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized
Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee
Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot
determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions, and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee
have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the
use and confidentiality of the applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by 

9 

the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions
notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction, except for any such losses, costs or expenses due to the Trustees gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company agrees: (i) to
assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties;
(ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by
the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and
(iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. 

Section 3.11. OFAC Certification and Covenants 

(a) The Company covenants and represents that neither they nor any of their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or
subject of any sanctions enforced by the US Government, (including, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury) or other relevant sanctions authority to which the Company is subject (collectively
Sanctions). 

(b) The Company covenants and represents that neither they nor any of their affiliates, subsidiaries,
directors or officers will use any payments made pursuant to this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or
target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any
person. 

[The balance of this page intentionally left blank.] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture to be duly executed as of the date and year first written above. 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: /s/ Gregory W. Blunden

Name: Gregory W. Blunden

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

By: /s/ Jeffrey S. Chronister

Name: Jeffrey S. Chronister

Title: Vice President Finance

[Signature Page to Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, AS TRUSTEE

By: /s/ Glenn Kunak

Name Glenn Kunak

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF 5.15% NOTE DUE 2035 

CUSIP NO.: ___________ PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $___________

REGISTERED NO. __ 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% Notes Due 2035 

Check this box if the Note is a Global Note. 

Applicable 

if the Note is a Global Note: 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (AND ANY PAYMENT IS
MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

This Note is a Global Security
within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other nominee of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation, or any successor depositary
(Depositary), as requested by an authorized representative of the Depositary. This Note is exchangeable for Notes registered in the name of a person other than the Depositary or its nominee only in the limited circumstances
described in the Indenture and may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary. 

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: March 6, 2025

ISSUE PRICE: 99.731% (as a percentage of principal amount)

STATED MATURITY: March 1, 2035

PAR CALL Date:
December 1, 2034

INTEREST RATE: 5.15% per annum. 

INTEREST PAYMENT DATES: March 1 and September 1 of each year commencing September 1, 2025.

SPECIFIED CURRENCY: U.S. dollars

AUTHORIZED
DENOMINATIONS: N/A (Only applicable if specified currency is other than U.S. dollars) 

SINKING FUND: None

YIELD TO
MATURITY: N/A

REDEMPTION: Redeemable in whole or in part, at the Companys option, from time to time at the redemption prices described on
the reverse of this Note.

DEPOSITARY: The Depository Trust Company, or any successor depository.

A-1 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the
State of Florida (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the
principal sum set forth on the face of this Note on the Stated Maturity, upon the presentation and surrender hereof at the principal corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, or its successor in trust (the Trustee),
or such other office as the Trustee has designated in writing, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at a rate per annum (computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) equal to the Interest Rate set forth on the face of this Note for the period from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the Stated Maturity. 

Interest will be payable on the Interest Payment Dates to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the
related Record Date, which is the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest Payment Date, provided, however, as long as this Note is registered in the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a
successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. In each case, payments shall be made in accordance with the provisions hereof, until the principal hereof is
paid or duly made available for payment. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Note shall be
made in immediately available funds at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the City of New York in the State of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal
tender for payment of public and private debts. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse
hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: 

Name: Gregory W. Blunden

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Jeffrey S. Chronister

Title: Vice President Finance

A-3 

Dated: , 20

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized signatory

A-4 

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% Notes Due 2035 

This Note
is one of a duly authorized series of securities of the Company (herein called the Notes), issued and to be issued under an Indenture dated as of July 1, 1998, as amended, and as supplemented by the Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (as such has been or shall be amended or supplemented, the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes
any successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and of
the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the securities of the series designated on the face hereof. 

DEFINITIONS 

The
following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings unless the context or use clearly indicates another or different meaning or intent: 

Business Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which
banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulations to close in the City of New York, or (ii) a day on which the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee is closed for business. 

Comparable Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having
a maturity comparable to the remaining term (as measured from the date of redemption) of the Notes to be redeemed (the Remaining Life) that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Remaining Life of the Notes. 

Comparable Treasury Price means with respect to any redemption date (1) the average of five Reference Treasury Dealer
Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if an Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all
such quotations. 

Depositary shall mean The Depository Trust Company or any successor depositary. 

Independent Investment Banker means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, or any of their respective successors, as designated by the Company, or if all of those firms are unwilling or unable to serve as such, an independent investment and banking institution of national standing selected by the Company. 

Interest Payment Date means each of the dates on which interest on this Note is payable, which dates are set forth on the
face of this Note. 

A-5 

Par Call Date means the date set forth on the face of this Note
identified as the Par Call Date. 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision of any government. 

Record Date means the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest
Payment Date, provided, however, as long as the Notes are registered in the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment
Date. The Record Date shall constitute the Regular Record Date for purposes of the Original Indenture. 

Reference Treasury
Dealer means (i) a primary treasury dealer selected by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or each of their respective affiliates and successors; provided that if any such Reference
Treasury Dealer ceases to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a Primary Treasury Dealer), the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer; and (ii) up to two Primary Treasury Dealers
selected by the Company. 

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer
and any redemption date, the average, as determined by an Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to an
Independent Investment Banker at 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company as follows: 

(i) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall
interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of 

A-6 

days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the
yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant
number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

(ii) If on the
third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security
maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the
Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States
Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of
the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States
Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

INTEREST RATE 

This Note
will bear interest at the rate per annum (computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) identified on the face of this Note. Except for the effect
of any adjustment in the Interest Payment Date as provided in the following sentence, the amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full six-month period for which interest is computed, will be
computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in such a 180-day period. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the payment required to be made on such
Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue on such payment for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date to the date of such payment on the next succeeding Business Day. 

A-7 

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 

Prior to the Par Call Date, the Notes are subject to redemption, in whole or in part, at any time, at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments
of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points (0.15%), less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

The
Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed (or delivered by electronic transmission in accordance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

In the case of
a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. The Note shall be reduced by the Trustee in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Note being redeemed in
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. For so long as the Notes are held by the Depositary, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

The Notes are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund or analogous provision. 

TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE 

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registerable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in any place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. 

A-8 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons and, except for such Notes
issued in book-entry form, only in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, this Note is exchangeable for a like aggregate principal
amount of Notes of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of
transfer, the Company or the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the
Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

OTHER PROVISIONS 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the
time Outstanding of each series to be affected and of the Holders of 66 2/3% in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of all series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified
percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past
defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. To the extent permitted by law, any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note
issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

A-9 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT______ CUSTODIAN_____

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties (Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

and not as tenants in common ___________________________

(State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

Please Insert Social Security or 

Other Identifying Number of
Assignee 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE 

the within Security of TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY and
does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint attorney to transfer said Security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated:

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular, without
alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-10 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL COMPANY ORDER 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% NOTES
DUE 2035 

SUPPLEMENTAL COMPANY ORDER 

Pursuant to Section 2.07 of Article Two of the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025, to the Indenture, dated
as of July 1, 1998, as amended, you are instructed to authenticate a Note, of the series identified above, in the principal amount of $______________. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this ___ day of ________, 20__. 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.12
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934766dex412.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.12
<TEXT>
EX-4.12

Exhibit 4.12 

CUSIP NO.: 875127 BN1 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $500,000,000.00

REGISTERED NO. R-1 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% Notes Due 2035 

Check this box if the Note is a Global Note. 

Applicable if the Note is a Global Note: 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (AND ANY PAYMENT IS
MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

This Note is a Global Security
within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other nominee of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation, or any successor depositary
(Depositary), as requested by an authorized representative of the Depositary. This Note is exchangeable for Notes registered in the name of a person other than the Depositary or its nominee only in the limited circumstances
described in the Indenture and may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary. 

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: March 6, 2025

ISSUE PRICE: 99.731% (as a percentage of principal amount)

STATED MATURITY: March 1, 2035

PAR CALL Date:
December 1, 2034

INTEREST RATE: 5.15% per annum. 

INTEREST PAYMENT DATES: March 1 and September 1 of each year commencing September 1, 2025.

SPECIFIED CURRENCY: U.S. dollars

AUTHORIZED
DENOMINATIONS: N/A (Only applicable if specified currency is other than U.S. dollars) 

SINKING FUND: None

YIELD TO
MATURITY: N/A

REDEMPTION: Redeemable in whole or in part, at the Companys option, from time to time at the redemption prices described on
the reverse of this Note.

DEPOSITARY: The Depository Trust Company, or any successor depository.

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Florida
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum
set forth on the face of this Note on the Stated Maturity, upon the presentation and surrender hereof at the principal corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, or its successor in trust (the Trustee), or such other
office as the Trustee has designated in writing, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at a rate per annum (computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) equal to the Interest Rate set forth on the face of this Note for the period from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the Stated Maturity. 

1 

Interest will be payable on the Interest Payment Dates to the Person in whose name this Note
is registered at the close of business on the related Record Date, which is the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest Payment Date, provided, however, as long as this Note is registered in
the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. In each case, payments shall be made in accordance with the
provisions hereof, until the principal hereof is paid or duly made available for payment. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if
any) and any such interest on this Note shall be made in immediately available funds at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the City of New York in the State of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States
of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

Reference is hereby made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic
signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: /s/ Gregory W. Blunden

Name: Gregory W. Blunden

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

By: /s/ Jeffrey S. Chronister

Name: Jeffrey S. Chronister

Title: Vice President Finance

[Signature Page to
2035 Note] 

Dated: March 6, 2025

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the series designated therein referred

to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as
Trustee

By: /s/ Glenn Kunak

Authorized signatory

[Signature Page to
2035 Note] 

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% Notes Due 2035 

This Note
is one of a duly authorized series of securities of the Company (herein called the Notes), issued and to be issued under an Indenture dated as of July 1, 1998, as amended, and as supplemented by the Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (as such has been or shall be amended or supplemented, the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes
any successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and of
the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the securities of the series designated on the face hereof. 

DEFINITIONS 

The
following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings unless the context or use clearly indicates another or different meaning or intent: 

Business Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which
banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulations to close in the City of New York, or (ii) a day on which the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee is closed for business. 

Comparable Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having
a maturity comparable to the remaining term (as measured from the date of redemption) of the Notes to be redeemed (the Remaining Life) that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Remaining Life of the Notes. 

Comparable Treasury Price means with respect to any redemption date (1) the average of five Reference Treasury Dealer
Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if an Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all
such quotations. 

Depositary shall mean The Depository Trust Company or any successor depositary. 

Independent Investment Banker means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, or any of their respective successors, as designated by the Company, or if all of those firms are unwilling or unable to serve as such, an independent investment and banking institution of national standing selected by the Company. 

Interest Payment Date means each of the dates on which interest on this Note is payable, which dates are set forth on the
face of this Note. 

Par Call Date means the date set forth on the face of this Note identified as the Par Call Date.

5 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision of any government. 

Record Date means the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest
Payment Date, provided, however, as long as the Notes are registered in the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment
Date. The Record Date shall constitute the Regular Record Date for purposes of the Original Indenture. 

Reference Treasury
Dealer means (i) a primary treasury dealer selected by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or each of their respective affiliates and successors; provided that if any such Reference
Treasury Dealer ceases to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a Primary Treasury Dealer), the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer; and (ii) up to two Primary Treasury Dealers
selected by the Company. 

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer
and any redemption date, the average, as determined by an Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to an
Independent Investment Banker at 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company as follows: 

(i) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall
interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer
than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

6 

(ii) If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 or any
successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business
day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more
United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States
Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury
securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the
bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

INTEREST RATE 

This Note
will bear interest at the rate per annum (computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) identified on the face of this Note. Except for the effect
of any adjustment in the Interest Payment Date as provided in the following sentence, the amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full six-month period for which interest is computed, will be
computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in such a 180-day period. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the payment required to be made on such
Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue on such payment for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date to the date of such payment on the next succeeding Business Day. 

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 

Prior to the Par Call Date, the Notes are subject to redemption, in whole or in part, at any time, at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments
of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points (0.15%), less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

7 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

The
Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed (or delivered by electronic transmission in accordance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

In the case of
a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. The Note shall be reduced by the Trustee in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Note being redeemed in
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. For so long as the Notes are held by the Depositary, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

The Notes are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund or analogous provision. 

TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE 

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registerable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in any place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons and, except for such Notes issued in
book-entry form, only in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, this Note is exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of
Notes of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

8 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to
due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company or the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this
Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

OTHER PROVISIONS

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the
Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected and of the Holders of 66 2/3% in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of all series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the
Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and
certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. To the extent permitted by law, any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of
any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

9 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT______ CUSTODIAN_____

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties (Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

and not as tenants in common ___________________________

(State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

Please Insert Social Security or 

Other Identifying Number of
Assignee 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE 

the within Security of TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY and
does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint attorney to transfer said Security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated:

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular, without
alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

10 

CUSIP NO.: 875127 BN1 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $100,000,000.00

REGISTERED NO. R-2 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% Notes Due 2035 

Check this box if the Note is a Global Note. 

Applicable if the Note is a Global Note: 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (AND ANY PAYMENT IS
MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

This Note is a Global Security
within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other nominee of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation, or any successor depositary
(Depositary), as requested by an authorized representative of the Depositary. This Note is exchangeable for Notes registered in the name of a person other than the Depositary or its nominee only in the limited circumstances
described in the Indenture and may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary. 

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: March 6, 2025

ISSUE PRICE: 99.731% (as a percentage of principal amount)

STATED MATURITY: March 1, 2035

PAR CALL Date:
December 1, 2034

INTEREST RATE: 5.15% per annum. 

INTEREST PAYMENT DATES: March 1 and September 1 of each year commencing September 1, 2025.

SPECIFIED CURRENCY: U.S. dollars

AUTHORIZED
DENOMINATIONS: N/A (Only applicable if specified currency is other than U.S. dollars) 

SINKING FUND: None

YIELD TO
MATURITY: N/A

REDEMPTION: Redeemable in whole or in part, at the Companys option, from time to time at the redemption prices described on
the reverse of this Note.

DEPOSITARY: The Depository Trust Company, or any successor depository.

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Florida
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum
set forth on the face of this Note on the Stated Maturity, upon the presentation and surrender hereof at the principal corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, or its successor in trust (the Trustee), or such other
office as the Trustee has designated in writing, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at a rate per annum (computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) equal to the Interest Rate set forth on the face of this Note for the period from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the Stated Maturity. 

1 

Interest will be payable on the Interest Payment Dates to the Person in whose name this Note
is registered at the close of business on the related Record Date, which is the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest Payment Date, provided, however, as long as this Note is registered in
the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. In each case, payments shall be made in accordance with the
provisions hereof, until the principal hereof is paid or duly made available for payment. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if
any) and any such interest on this Note shall be made in immediately available funds at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the City of New York in the State of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States
of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

Reference is hereby made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic
signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: /s/ Gregory W. Blunden

Name: Gregory W. Blunden

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

By: /s/ Jeffrey S. Chronister

Name: Jeffrey S. Chronister

Title: Vice President Finance

[Signature Page
to 2035 Note]

Dated: March 6, 2025

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the series designated therein referred to

in the within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as
Trustee

By: /s/ Glenn Kunak

Authorized signatory

[Signature Page
to 2035 Note]

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

5.15% Notes Due 2035 

This Note
is one of a duly authorized series of securities of the Company (herein called the Notes), issued and to be issued under an Indenture dated as of July 1, 1998, as amended, and as supplemented by the Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (as such has been or shall be amended or supplemented, the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes
any successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and of
the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the securities of the series designated on the face hereof. 

DEFINITIONS 

The
following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings unless the context or use clearly indicates another or different meaning or intent: 

Business Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which
banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulations to close in the City of New York, or (ii) a day on which the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee is closed for business. 

Comparable Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having
a maturity comparable to the remaining term (as measured from the date of redemption) of the Notes to be redeemed (the Remaining Life) that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Remaining Life of the Notes. 

Comparable Treasury Price means with respect to any redemption date (1) the average of five Reference Treasury Dealer
Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if an Independent Investment Banker obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all
such quotations. 

Depositary shall mean The Depository Trust Company or any successor depositary. 

Independent Investment Banker means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, or any of their respective successors, as designated by the Company, or if all of those firms are unwilling or unable to serve as such, an independent investment and banking institution of national standing selected by the Company. 

Interest Payment Date means each of the dates on which interest on this Note is payable, which dates are set forth on the
face of this Note. 

Par Call Date means the date set forth on the face of this Note identified as the Par Call Date.

5 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision of any government. 

Record Date means the fifteenth calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the related Interest
Payment Date, provided, however, as long as the Notes are registered in the name of the Depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment
Date. The Record Date shall constitute the Regular Record Date for purposes of the Original Indenture. 

Reference Treasury
Dealer means (i) a primary treasury dealer selected by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, or each of their respective affiliates and successors; provided that if any such Reference
Treasury Dealer ceases to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a Primary Treasury Dealer), the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer; and (ii) up to two Primary Treasury Dealers
selected by the Company. 

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer
and any redemption date, the average, as determined by an Independent Investment Banker, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to an
Independent Investment Banker at 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company as follows: 

(i) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall
interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer
than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

6 

(ii) If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 or any
successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business
day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more
United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States
Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury
securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the
bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

INTEREST RATE 

This Note
will bear interest at the rate per annum (computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) identified on the face of this Note. Except for the effect
of any adjustment in the Interest Payment Date as provided in the following sentence, the amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full six-month period for which interest is computed, will be
computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in such a 180-day period. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the payment required to be made on such
Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue on such payment for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date to the date of such payment on the next succeeding Business Day. 

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 

Prior to the Par Call Date, the Notes are subject to redemption, in whole or in part, at any time, at the option of the Company, at a
redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments
of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points (0.15%), less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

7 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in
either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed (or delivered by electronic transmission in accordance with the applicable
procedures of the Depositary) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be
redeemed. The Note shall be reduced by the Trustee in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Note being redeemed in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. For so long as the Notes are held by the Depositary, the
redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in
payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

The Notes are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund or analogous provision. 

TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE 

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registerable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the
Company in any place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons and, except for such Notes issued in
book-entry form, only in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, this Note is exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of
Notes of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

8 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to
due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company or the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this
Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

OTHER PROVISIONS

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the
Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected and of the Holders of 66 2/3% in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of all series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the
Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and
certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. To the extent permitted by law, any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of
any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

9 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT______ CUSTODIAN_____

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties (Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

and not as tenants in common ___________________________

(State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

Please Insert Social Security or 

Other Identifying Number of
Assignee 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE 

the within Security of TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY and
does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 
attorney to transfer said Security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated:

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular, without
alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0000096271-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0000096271-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ck0000096271-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name TAMPA ELECTRIC CO

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000096271

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code FL

Entity File Number 1-5007

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-0475140

Entity Address, Address Line One TECO Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two 702 N. Franklin Street

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33602

City Area Code (813)

Local Phone Number 228-1111

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.tampaelectric.com//20250306/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0000096271-20250306.xsd 
ck0000096271-20250306_lab.xml 
ck0000096271-20250306_pre.xml 
d934766d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-049974-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d934766d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000096271 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

TAMPA ELECTRIC CO 
false 
0000096271 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
FL 
1-5007 
59-0475140 
TECO Plaza 
702 N. Franklin Street 
Tampa 
FL 
33602 
(813) 
228-1111 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>