<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-031593.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-031593.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414163035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-031593
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001766140
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				813638692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40582
		FILM NUMBER:		25836389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 210
		CITY:			LOS ALTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-384-0642

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 210
		CITY:			LOS ALTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237290-8ka1_unicyc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

true--12-31000176614000017661402024-03-132024-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): March 13, 2024

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40582 81-3638692

(State or other
jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission
File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification
No.)

4300 El Camino Real, Suite 210

Los Altos, CA 94022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (650) 351-4495

Not Applicable

(Former name or
former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common stock UNCY Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE

Unicycive Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Company) is filing this Form 8-K/A to its Current Report on Form 8-K as originally
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2024, (the Original Filing), solely to re-file Exhibits 4.2
and 4.3 to correct the Expiration Date on the first page of each such exhibit as the Expiration Date in such exhibits in the Original
Filing contained the incorrect expiration dates due to an indavertent clerical error. No other changes have been made from the Original
Filing.

1

Item1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 13, 2024, Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered
into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with certain accredited investors (the Investors),
pursuant to which the Investors surrendered an aggregate of 43,649,000 shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock held by them in exchange
for an aggregate of 21,388.01 shares of new preferred stock to be known as Series A-2 Prime Preferred (the Exchanged
Preferred) having rights set forth the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of the Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (the Amended Certificate of Designation).

Concurrent
with execution of the Exchange Agreement, but prior to filing of the Amended Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of
State, the Company filed Certificates of Elimination for each of its Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series A-3
Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Preferred Stock and Series A-5 Preferred Stock (collectively, the Certificates of Elimination)
with the Delaware Secretary of State.

Concurrent with the execution of the Exchange Agreement, the Company
and each Investor have amended and restated the following warrants: (i) tranche A warrants to acquire an aggregate of 47,852,430 shares
of Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company that were issued on July 11 2023 (the Original Tranche A Warrants)
have been amended and restated to acquire an aggregate of 25,840.3122 shares of Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (as amended, the
Amended Tranche A Warrants); (ii) tranche B warrants to acquire an aggregate of 43,502,206 shares of Series A-4 Convertible
Preferred Stock of the Company that were issued on July 11, 2023 (the Original Tranche B Warrants) have been amended
and restated to acquire an aggregate of 25,666.30154 shares of Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock (as amended, the Amended
Tranche B Warrants) and (iii) tranche C warrants to acquire an aggregate of 69,603,581 shares of Series A-5 Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company that were issued on July 11, 2023(the Original Tranche C Warrants, and together with the Original
Tranche A Warrants and Tranche B Warrants, the Original Warrants) have been amended and restated to acquire 51,506.61294
shares of Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock (as amended, the Amended Tranche C Warrants, together with the Amended
Tranche A Warrants and the Amended Tranche B Warrants, the Amended Warrants). The Amended Warrants have the same
terms and conditions as the original warrants except that such Amended Warrants: (i) reduced the amount of shares of Series A-3 Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock and Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock into which such Amended Warrants are
convertible as described above; (ii) allow for the issuance of fractional shares of Series A-3 Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Preferred Stock
and Series A-5 Preferred Stock, as applicable upon exercise of such Amended Warrants and (ii) revised the exercise price to be $1,000
per share of Series A-3 Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Preferred Stock and Series A-5 Preferred Stock, as applicable in such Amended Warrants.
The aggregate exercise price, the amount of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A-3 Preferred Stock, the Series A-4 Preferred
Stock and the Series A-5 Preferred Stock and exercise period in the Amended Warrants did not change from the Original Warrants.

Subject
to the terms and limitations contained in the Amended Certificate of Designation, each share of Series A-2 Prime Convertible Preferred
Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible
into a number shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing the Original Per Share Price ($1,000) of each such share of Series A-2 Prime
Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series A-5 Convertible
Preferred Stock by the applicable conversion price of $0.49, $0.54, $0.59 and $0.74 of each such share of Series A-2 Prime Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock,
respectively.

2

The
form of each Amended Warrant and the Exchange Agreement, are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, and 10.1, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summaries of the terms of the Amended Warrants, and the terms of the Exchange Agreement
are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the full text of such documents, where applicable, which are incorporated
herein by reference. No statement in this report or the attached exhibits is an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase
the Companys securities, and no offer, solicitation or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale is unlawful.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities.

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Exchanged Preferred and the Amended
Warrants are being issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The securities underlying the Exchanged Preferred and the Amended
Warrants (including the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A-2 Prime Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible
Preferred Stock, the Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock) were sold and, where applicable,
upon exercise, will be issued without registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to
accredited investors, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws.

Item5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Certificates
of Elimination

On
March 13, 2024, the Company filed with the Delaware Secretary of State a Certificate of Elimination for each of the Series A-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock
and Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock. Each Certificate of Elimination was filed with an effective date of 12:01 a.m. ET on March
14, 2024.

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Certificate of Elimination for each of the Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-2 Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock and Series A-5 Convertible Preferred
Stock is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of each such Certificate of Elimination, which
is filed hereto as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Series A 
Preferred Stock

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, effective March 13, 2024, the Company filed the Amended Certificate of Designation with
the Delaware Secretary of State designating, 21,400 shares as Series A-2 Prime Preferred Stock, 25,900 shares as Series A-3 Convertible
Preferred Stock, 25,700 shares as Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock, and 51,600 shares as Series A-5 Convertible Preferred
Stock (all such series of preferred stock referred to herein collectively as Series A Preferred Stock), each with
a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Original Per Share Price). The Amended Certificate of Designation sets forth
the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Terms not otherwise defined in this item shall
have the meanings given in the Amended Certificate of Designation. The Amended Certificate of Designation was filed with an effective
date of 6:01 a.m. ET on March 14, 2024.

3

The
following is a summary of the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock:

Dividends. At
all times following the Issuance Date, while shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis and without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein or otherwise) to and in the same form as dividends (other
than dividends in the form of Common Stock, which shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Amended Certificate of Designation)
actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends (other than dividends in the form of Common Stock, which shall
be made in accordance with the terms of the Amended Certificate of Designation) are paid on shares of the Common Stock.

Voting
Rights. Subject to certain limitations described in the Amended Certificate of Designation, the Series A Preferred Stock
is voting stock. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the Common Stock on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Accordingly, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote for each whole share of Common Stock into which their Series
A Preferred Stock is then-convertible on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.

Liquidation.
Upon any Liquidation, the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders
of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating
for this purpose all shares of Series A Preferred Stock as if they had been converted to Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Amended
Certificate of Designation immediately prior to such Liquidation, without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Amended
Certificate of Designation or otherwise.

Conversion. Subject
to the limitations set forth in the Amended Certificate of Designation, at the option of the holder, each share of Series A-2 Prime Preferred
Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock shall
be convertible into a number shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing the Original Per Share Price ($1,000) of each such share of
Series A-2 Prime Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series
A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock by the applicable conversion price of $0.49, $0.54, $0.59 and $0.74 for the Series A-2 Prime Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock,
respectively.

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Amended
Certificate of Designation, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 3.6 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

4

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1* Certificate of Elimination of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock

3.2* Certificate of Elimination of Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock

3.3* Certificate of Elimination of Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock

3.4* Certificate of Elimination of Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock

3.5* Certificate of Elimination of Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock

3.6* Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock

4.1* Form of Amended and Restated Tranche A Warrant

4.2 Form of Amended and Restated Tranche B Warrant

4.3 Form of Amended and Restated Tranche C Warrant

10.1* Form of Exchange Agreement, dated March 13, 2024, by and between Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. and the purchasers named therein

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File

* Previously filed

5

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 14, 2025 UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

/s/ Shalabh Gupta

Shalabh Gupta

Chief Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023729001ex4-2_unicyc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED TRANCHE B WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRANCHE B WARRANT TO PURCHASE
SERIES A-4 PREFERRED STOCK

Warrant No.: B-_________ Number of Warrant Shares:

Date of Issuance: March 13, 2024 (Issuance Date)

Expiration Date: Twenty-one (21) days following
the Companys announcement of receipt of Transitional Drug Add-On Payment Adjustment approval for Renazorb (Expiration
Date)

Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, __________, the registered
holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase
from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon surrender of this Amended and Restated Tranche B Warrant
to Purchase Series A-4 Preferred Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Series A-4 Preferred Stock issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Exercisability Date, but not after 5:30 p.m.,
New York Time, on the Expiration Date, Warrant Shares (as defined below). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this
Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 15. This Warrant is one of the warrants to purchase the Series A-4 Preferred
Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Series A-4 Preferred Stock) issued in connection with the
transactions contemplated by (i) that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2023 (the Signing Date)
by and between the Company and investors named therein (the Securities Purchase Agreement) and (ii) the Certificate
of Designation.

Upon the execution of this Warrant by the
Holder and the Company, that certain Tranche B Warrant to Purchase Series A-4 Preferred Stock dated July 11, 2023 (the
Original Issuance Date) is hereby terminated and shall be of no further force or effect and replaced entirely
by this Warrant.

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Exercisability
Date, in whole or in part, by delivery of a written notice (which may be by facsimile or email), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant and payment to the Company of an amount
equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price) in cash or wire transfer of immediately available funds (a Cash Exercise). The Holder
shall not be required to surrender this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder; provided, that in the event of an exercise
of this Warrant for all Warrant Shares then issuable hereunder, this Warrant is surrendered to the Companys transfer agent by the
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date on which the Companys transfer agent for the Warrants and Preferred Stock (Transfer
Agent) has received the Exercise Notice. Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the Aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Exercise Notice by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Exercise Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice form be required, except as may be required by the Companys transfer
agent. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company or the Transfer Agent has received the Exercise
Notice, the Company or the Transfer Agent shall transmit by email or facsimile an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of the Exercise
Notice to the Holder and the Transfer Agent. The Company or the Transfer Agent shall deliver any objection to the Exercise Notice on or
before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company or the Transfer Agent has received the Exercise Notice. In
the event of any discrepancy or dispute, the records of the Company and the Transfer Agent shall be controlling and determinative in the
absence of manifest error. On or before the earlier of (i) the second (2nd) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the date on which the Holder has delivered to the Company a duly
completed and executed Exercise Notice (the Share Delivery Date) and the Aggregate Exercise Price, the Company or
its Transfer Agent shall, upon the request of the Holder, issue and register such aggregate number of shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise in book-entry form in the name of such Holder thereof in accordance with the
instructions delivered to the Transfer Agent by the Company. Upon delivery of the Exercise Notice and the Aggregate Exercise Price, the
Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this
Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the book-entry accounts evidencing such Warrant Shares. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Principal
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Exercise Notice.

If this Warrant is submitted in connection with
any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise
is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Transfer Agent shall as soon as practicable and
in no event later than ten (10) Trading Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e))
representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less
the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. The Company shall pay any and all taxes that may be payable
with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable based on the income of the Holder or in respect of any transfer involved in
the registration of any book-entry accounts for Warrant Shares or Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an affiliate thereof.
The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving
Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

If the Company
shall fail for any reason or for no reason to register the shares of Series A-4 Preferred in the Holders account for such number
of shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise of this Warrant, then the Holder
shall be entitled, but not required, to rescind the previously submitted Exercise Notice and the Company or the Transfer Agent shall return
all consideration paid by Holder for such shares upon such rescission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall
not be required to make any cash payments to the Holder in lieu of issuance of the Warrant Shares.

(b) Exercise
Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $1,000.00 per share of Series A-4 Preferred Stock,
subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c) Fractional
Shares or Scrip. Fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares may be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant.

2. ADJUSTMENT
OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to
time as follows:

(a) Adjustment
upon Subdivision or Combination of Shares of Common Stock. If the Company at any time on or after the Original Issuance Date subdivides
(by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the
number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Original Issuance Date combines
(by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant
Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(a) shall become effective at the close of business
on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(b) Par
Value. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Warrant, in no event shall the Exercise Price be reduced below the par value
of the Companys Common Stock.

2

3. RIGHTS
UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme
of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then,
in each such case:

(a) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the Weighted Average Price
of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator shall
be the Weighted Average Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and

(b) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Warrant Shares immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of
Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding
paragraph (a).

4. PURCHASE
RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a) Purchase
Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time prior to the Expiration Date, the Company
grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata
to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Warrant Shares (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the
grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(b) Fundamental
Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company shall enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Company (or the successor entity) shall purchase this Warrant and all other outstanding Warrants from the Holders by paying to
the Holders cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of each Warrant on the effective date
of such Fundamental Transaction. For the sake of clarity, such calculation shall assume full exercisability of this Warrant (e.g. without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant).

5. RESERVATION
OF WARRANT SHARES. The Company covenants that it will at all times after the Exercisability Date reserve and keep available out of
the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Series A-4 Preferred Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it
to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock which are
then issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive or any other contingent purchase rights of
Persons other than the Holder. The Company covenants that all shares of Preferred Stock so issuable and deliverable shall be, upon issuance
and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and
nonassessable. The Company will take all such actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that such shares of Preferred Stock may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system upon which the Preferred Stock may be listed.

6. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A SHAREHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity
as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity
as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise),
receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or
as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

3

7. REGISTRATION
AND REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS.

(a) Registration
of Warrant. The Company or its Transfer Agent shall register this Warrant, upon the records to be maintained by the Company for that
purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and its Transfer
Agent may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or
any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. The Company and its Transfer Agent shall
also register any transfer, exchange, reissuance or cancellation of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register.

(b) Transfer
of Warrant. This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company, except as may
otherwise be required by applicable securities laws. Subject to applicable securities laws, if this Warrant is to be transferred, the
Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, whereupon the Company will, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new
Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of
Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being
transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant
Shares not being transferred. The acceptance of the new Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee
of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the new Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant.

(c) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the
Company in customary form (which shall not include the posting of any bond) and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of this Warrant, the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 7(e)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(d) Exchangeable
for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company
or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, together with all applicable transfer taxes, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance
with Section 7(e)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant,
and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the
time of such surrender.

(e) Issuance
of New Warrants. Whenever the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant
to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall (i) be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) represent, as indicated on
the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being
issued pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number
of shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the
number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant,
which is the same as the Original Issuance Date and (iv) have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. 

8. NOTICES.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the information set forth in the Warrant Register. The Company shall give written notice to the Holder (i) reasonably promptly
following any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at
least ten (10) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock
or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation; provided, that
in each case, the Company will only be required to provide such information to the Holder if such information shall have been made known
to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

4

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the
Majority Holders.

10. LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase price
of any Warrant Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

11. GOVERNING
LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware.

12. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any
Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Warrant.

13. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares,
the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via email or facsimile within five (5) Trading Days
of receipt of the Exercise Notice giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable
to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within five (5) Trading Days of such
disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading
Days thereafter submit via email or facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment
bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Companys
independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause the investment bank or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations
or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than twenty (20) Trading Days from the time it receives
the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation, as the case
may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. The expenses of the investment bank and accountant will be borne
by the Company unless the investment bank or accountant determines that the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder was incorrect by more than 25%, in which case the expenses of the investment bank and accountant will
be borne by the Holder.

14. REMEDIES,
OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all
other remedies available under this Warrant, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief),
and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms
of this Warrant. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder may cause irreparable harm to the Holder and
that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened
breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to seek an injunction restraining any
breach. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, if the Company is for any reason unable to issue and deliver
Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall have no obligation to pay to
the Holder any cash or other consideration or otherwise net cash settle this Warrant.

5

15. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Black
Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of the day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
and reflecting (i) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of this
Warrant as of such date of request and (ii) an expected volatility equal to 100%.

(b) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

(c) Certificate
of Designation means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the
Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 13, 2024.

(d) Common
Stock means (i) the Companys shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and (ii) any share capital
into which such Common Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Common Stock.

(e) Convertible
Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock.

(f) Eligible
Market means the NYSE MKT LLC, The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., The Nasdaq Stock Market, or the OTC Bulletin Board.

(g) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(h) Exercisability
Date means the Original Issuance Date; provided, however, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction prior to
obtaining shareholder approval of the Proposal, the first Trading Day following the closing of the Fundamental Transaction shall be deemed
the Exercisability Date; provided, further, that treatment of this Warrant in the event of a Fundamental Transaction is
addressed in Section 4(b) above.

(i) Fundamental
Transaction means that (A) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate
or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company to another Person, or (iii) allow another
Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the
Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person
whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held
by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock
purchase agreement or other business combination) or (B) any person or group (as these terms are used
for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented
by issued and outstanding Common Stock.

6

(j) Majority
Holders means the holders of a majority of the Warrant Shares underlying the then outstanding Warrants (disregarding for this
purpose any and all limitations of any kind on exercise of any Warrants).

(k) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(l) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(m) Principal
Market means (i) the Nasdaq Global Market, or (ii) if the Nasdaq Global Market is not the principal trading market
for the Common Stock, then the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded.

(n) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(o) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market.

(p) Warrant
Shares means [__________] fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock.

(q) Weighted
Average Price means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal
Market during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by
Bloomberg through its Volume at Price function or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price
of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30:01
a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average
price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask
price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by Pink OTC Markets Inc. If the Weighted
Average Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the Weighted Average Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable
to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 13 with the term Weighted
Average Price being substituted for the term Exercise Price. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted
for any share dividend, share split or other similar transaction during such period.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Amended and Restated Tranche B Warrant to Purchase Series A-4 Preferred Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out
above.

COMPANY:

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, inc.

By: 

(Signature) 

Name: 

Title: 

HOLDER:

[_____________]

By: 

(Signature) 

Name: 

Title: 

8

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE
THIS

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRANCHE B WARRANT TO PURCHASE
SERIES A-4 PREFERRED STOCK

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of
the shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock (Warrant Shares) of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), evidenced by the attached Amended and Restated Tranche B Warrant to Purchase Series A-4 Preferred
Stock (the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set
forth in the Warrant.

1. Exercise
Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as a cash exercise under Section 1(a).

2. Cash
Exercise. The Holder shall pay the sum of $ to the Company in accordance
with the terms of the Warrant.

3. Delivery
of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

DATED: 

(Signature must conform in all respects

to name of the Holder as specified on

the face of the Warrant)

Registered Holder

Address:

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023729001ex4-3_unicyc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED TRANCHE C WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRANCHE C WARRANT TO PURCHASE
SERIES A-5 PREFERRED STOCK

Warrant No.: C-_________ Number of Warrant Shares:

Date of Issuance: March 13, 2024 (Issuance Date)

Expiration Date: Twenty-one (21) days following
the Companys public disclosure of financial results for four (4) quarters of commercial sales of Renazorb following receipt of
Transitional Drug Add-On Payment Adjustment approval for Renazorb, commencing with the first quarter in which the Company receives revenue
from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for Renazorb under the Transitional Drug Add-On Payment Adjustment (Expiration
Date)

Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, __________, the registered
holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase
from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon surrender of this Amended and Restated Tranche C Warrant
to Purchase Series A-5 Preferred Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Series A-5 Preferred Stock issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Exercisability Date, but not after 5:30 p.m.,
New York Time, on the Expiration Date, Warrant Shares (as defined below). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this
Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 15. This Warrant is one of the warrants to purchase the Series A-5 Preferred
Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Series A-5 Preferred Stock) issued in connection with the
transactions contemplated by (i) that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2023 (the Signing Date)
by and between the Company and investors named therein (the Securities Purchase Agreement) and (ii) the Certificate
of Designation.

Upon the execution of this Warrant by the
Holder and the Company, that certain Tranche C Warrant to Purchase Series A-5 Preferred Stock dated July 11, 2023 (the
Original Issuance Date) is hereby terminated and shall be of no further force or effect and replaced entirely
by this Warrant.

1.EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day
on or after the Exercisability Date, in whole or in part, by delivery of a written notice (which may be by facsimile or email), in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this
Warrant and payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to
which this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or wire transfer of immediately available
funds (a Cash Exercise). The Holder shall not be required to surrender this Warrant in order to effect an exercise
hereunder; provided, that in the event of an exercise of this Warrant for all Warrant Shares then issuable hereunder, this Warrant
is surrendered to the Companys transfer agent by the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date on which the Companys transfer
agent for the Warrants and Preferred Stock (Transfer Agent) has received the Exercise Notice. Within one (1) Trading
Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the Aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the
applicable Exercise Notice by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Exercise Notice
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice form be required,
except as may be required by the Companys transfer agent. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which
the Company or the Transfer Agent has received the Exercise Notice, the Company or the Transfer Agent shall transmit by email or facsimile
an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of the Exercise Notice to the Holder and the Transfer Agent. The Company or the Transfer
Agent shall deliver any objection to the Exercise Notice on or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company
or the Transfer Agent has received the Exercise Notice. In the event of any discrepancy or dispute, the records of the Company and the
Transfer Agent shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. On or before the earlier of (i) the second
(2nd) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the
date on which the Holder has delivered to the Company a duly completed and executed Exercise Notice (the Share Delivery Date)
and the Aggregate Exercise Price, the Company or its Transfer Agent shall, upon the request of the Holder, issue and register such aggregate
number of shares of Series A-5 Preferred Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise in book-entry form in the name
of such Holder thereof in accordance with the instructions delivered to the Transfer Agent by the Company. Upon delivery of the Exercise
Notice and the Aggregate Exercise Price, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the book-entry accounts
evidencing such Warrant Shares. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Principal Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of
the Exercise Notice.

If this Warrant is submitted in connection with
any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise
is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Transfer Agent shall as soon as practicable and
in no event later than ten (10) Trading Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e))
representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less
the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. The Company shall pay any and all taxes that may be payable
with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable based on the income of the Holder or in respect of any transfer involved in
the registration of any book-entry accounts for Warrant Shares or Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an affiliate thereof.
The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving
Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

If the Company
shall fail for any reason or for no reason to register the shares of Series A-5 Preferred in the Holders account for such number
of shares of Series A-5 Preferred Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise of this Warrant, then the Holder
shall be entitled, but not required, to rescind the previously submitted Exercise Notice and the Company or the Transfer Agent shall return
all consideration paid by Holder for such shares upon such rescission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall
not be required to make any cash payments to the Holder in lieu of issuance of the Warrant Shares.

(b) Exercise
Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $1,000.00 per share of Series A-5 Preferred Stock,
subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)Fractional Shares or Scrip. Fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares may be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant.

2.ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be
adjusted from time to time as follows:

(a)Adjustment upon Subdivision or Combination of Shares of Common Stock. If the Company at any time on or after the Original
Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately
reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Original Issuance
Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the
number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(a) shall become effective at
the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(b)Par Value. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Warrant, in no event shall the Exercise Price be reduced below
the par value of the Companys Common Stock.

2

3.RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant,
then, in each such case:

(a)any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders
of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record
date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the Weighted Average
Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as
determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator
shall be the Weighted Average Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and

(b) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Warrant Shares immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding
paragraph (a).

4. PURCHASE RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS.

(a)Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time prior to the Expiration
Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other
property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Warrant Shares (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(b) Fundamental
Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company shall enter into or be party to a Fundamental
Transaction, then the Company (or the successor entity) shall purchase this Warrant and all other outstanding Warrants from the
Holders by paying to the Holders cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of each
Warrant on the effective date of such Fundamental Transaction. For the sake of clarity, such calculation shall assume full
exercisability of this Warrant (e.g. without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant).

5. RESERVATION OF
WARRANT SHARES. The Company covenants that it will at all times after the Exercisability Date reserve and keep available out of the
aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Series A-5 Preferred Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to
issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of shares of Series A-5 Preferred Stock which are then
issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive or any other contingent purchase rights of Persons
other than the Holder. The Company covenants that all shares of Preferred Stock so issuable and deliverable shall be, upon issuance and
the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and
nonassessable. The Company will take all such actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that such shares of Preferred Stock may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system upon which the Preferred Stock may be listed.

6. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A SHAREHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in such Persons
capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the
Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons
capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent
to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise),
receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or
as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

3

7. REGISTRATION AND REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS.

(a)Registration of Warrant. The Company or its Transfer Agent shall register this Warrant, upon the records to be maintained
by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time.
The Company and its Transfer Agent may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose
of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. The Company
and its Transfer Agent shall also register any transfer, exchange, reissuance or cancellation of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant
Register.

(b)Transfer of Warrant. This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company,
except as may otherwise be required by applicable securities laws. Subject to applicable securities laws, if this Warrant is to be transferred,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, together with all applicable
transfer taxes, whereupon the Company will, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number
of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is
being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of
Warrant Shares not being transferred. The acceptance of the new Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such
transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the new Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant.

(c)Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking
by the Holder to the Company in customary form (which shall not include the posting of any bond) and, in the case of mutilation, upon
surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, shall execute and deliver to
the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(e)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying
this Warrant.

(d)Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, together with all applicable transfer taxes, for a new Warrant
or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(e)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then
underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated
by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(e)Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, is required to issue a
new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall (i) be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) represent,
as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of
a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which,
when added to the number of shares of Series A-5 Preferred Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance,
does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) have an issuance date, as indicated on the face
of such new Warrant, which is the same as the Original Issuance Date and (iv) have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. 

4

8. NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall
be given in accordance with the information set forth in the Warrant Register. The Company shall give written notice to the Holder (i) reasonably
promptly following any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at
least ten (10) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock
or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation; provided, that
in each case, the Company will only be required to provide such information to the Holder if such information shall have been made known
to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

9.AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of
the Company and the Majority Holders.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder
for the purchase price of any Warrant Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or
by creditors of the Company.

11. GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning
the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware.

12. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any
Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Warrant.

13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation
of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via email or facsimile within five
(5) Trading Days of receipt of the Exercise Notice giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder
and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within five (5) Trading
Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading
Days thereafter submit via email or facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment
bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Companys
independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause the investment bank or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations
or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than twenty (20) Trading Days from the time it receives
the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation, as the case
may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. The expenses of the investment bank and accountant will be borne
by the Company unless the investment bank or accountant determines that the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder was incorrect by more than 25%, in which case the expenses of the investment bank and accountant will
be borne by the Holder.

14. REMEDIES,
OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all
other remedies available under this Warrant, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive
relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with
the terms of this Warrant. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder may cause irreparable harm to the
Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such
breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to seek an injunction
restraining any breach. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, if the Company is for any reason unable
to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall have no
obligation to pay to the Holder any cash or other consideration or otherwise net cash settle this Warrant.

5

15.CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained
from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and reflecting (i) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the
remaining term of this Warrant as of such date of request and (ii) an expected volatility equal to 100%.

(b)Bloomberg means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

(c)Certificate of Designation means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 13, 2024.

(d)Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and (ii) any
share capital into which such Common Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Common
Stock.

(e)Convertible Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock.

(f)Eligible Market means the NYSE MKT LLC, The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., The Nasdaq Stock Market, or
the OTC Bulletin Board.

(g)Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(h)Exercisability Date means the Original Issuance Date; provided, however, in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction prior to obtaining shareholder approval of the Proposal, the first Trading Day following the closing of the Fundamental Transaction
shall be deemed the Exercisability Date; provided, further, that treatment of this Warrant in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction is addressed in Section 4(b) above.

(i)Fundamental Transaction means that (A) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or
(ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company to
another Person, or (iii) allow another Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more
than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate
a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
(not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with
the other Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination) or (B) any person
or group (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become
the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of
the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock.

6

(j)Majority Holders means the holders of a majority of the Warrant Shares underlying the then outstanding Warrants
(disregarding for this purpose any and all limitations of any kind on exercise of any Warrants).

(k)Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities.

(l)Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a
trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(m)Principal Market means (i) the Nasdaq Global Market, or (ii) if the Nasdaq Global Market is not
the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock
is then traded.

(n)Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(o)Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market.

(p)Warrant Shares means [__________] fully paid and nonassessable shares of Series A-5 Preferred Stock.

(q)Weighted Average Price means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for
such security on the Principal Market during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New
York City time, as reported by Bloomberg through its Volume at Price function or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar
volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during
the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg, or,
if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets
by Pink OTC Markets Inc. If the Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases,
the Weighted Average Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the
Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved
pursuant to Section 13 with the term Weighted Average Price being substituted for the term Exercise Price.
All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split or other similar transaction during such period.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Amended and Restated Tranche C Warrant to Purchase Series A-5 Preferred Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out
above.

COMPANY:

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, inc.

By: 

(Signature)

Name: 

Title: 

HOLDER:

[_____________]

By: 

(Signature)

Name: 

Title: 

8

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE
THIS

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRANCHE C WARRANT TO PURCHASE
SERIES A-5 PREFERRED STOCK

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of
the shares of Series A-5 Preferred Stock (Warrant Shares) of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), evidenced by the attached Amended and Restated Tranche C Warrant to Purchase Series A-5 Preferred
Stock (the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set
forth in the Warrant.

1.Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as a cash exercise under Section 1(a).

2.Cash Exercise. The Holder shall pay the sum of $ to the
Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3.Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

DATED: ______________________________

(Signature must conform in all respects

to name of the Holder as specified on

the face of the Warrant)

Registered Holder

Address:

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>uncy-20240313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>uncy-20240313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>uncy-20240313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description Unicycive Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Company) is filing this Form 8-K/A to its Current Report on Form 8-K as originally
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2024, (the Original Filing), solely to re-file Exhibits 4.2
and 4.3 to correct the Expiration Date on the first page of each such exhibit as the Expiration Date in such exhibits in the Original
Filing contained the incorrect expiration dates due to an indavertent clerical error. No other changes have been made from the Original
Filing.

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2024

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40582

Entity Registrant Name UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001766140

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3638692

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4300 El Camino Real

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 210

Entity Address, City or Town Los Altos

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94022

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 351-4495

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock

Trading Symbol UNCY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
26 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://unicycive.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0237290-8ka1_unicyc.htm 
uncy-20240313.xsd 
uncy-20240313_lab.xml 
uncy-20240313_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-031593-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0237290-8ka1_unicyc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001766140 

2024-03-13 
2024-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
--12-31 
0001766140 
8-K/A 
2024-03-13 
UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-40582 
81-3638692 
4300 El Camino Real 
Suite 210 
Los Altos 
CA 
94022 
650 
351-4495 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock 
UNCY 
NASDAQ 
true 
false 
Unicycive Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Company) is filing this Form 8-K/A to its Current Report on Form 8-K as originally
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2024, (the Original Filing), solely to re-file Exhibits 4.2
and 4.3 to correct the Expiration Date on the first page of each such exhibit as the Expiration Date in such exhibits in the Original
Filing contained the incorrect expiration dates due to an indavertent clerical error. No other changes have been made from the Original
Filing.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>