<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001109357-25-000046.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001109357-25-000046.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219112042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001109357-25-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXELON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001109357
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				232990190
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16169
		FILM NUMBER:		25637971

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 S. DEARBORN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 805379
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60680-5379
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8004833220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 S. DEARBORN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 805379
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60680-5379

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXELON Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXELON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>exc-20250219.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?exc-20250219

Pennsylvania10 South Dearborn StreetP.O. Box 805379ChicagoIllinois60680-5379(800)483-32200001109357FalseFalseFalseFalseFalseFalseFalseFalse00011093572025-02-192025-02-19

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

February 19, 2025 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) 

Commission

File Number Name of Registrant; State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Address of Principal Executive Offices; and Telephone Number IRS Employer Identification Number

001-16169 EXELON CORPORATION 23-2990190

(a Pennsylvania corporation)

10 South Dearborn Street

P.O. Box 805379

Chicago, Illinois60680-5379

(800)483-3220 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

EXELON CORPORATION: 

Common Stock, without par value EXC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether any of the registrants are emerging growth companies as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if any of the registrants have elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events

On February 19, 2025, Exelon Corporation (the Company) closed its public offering and sale of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 (the notes). Proceeds to the Company (after deducting underwriting discounts but before deducting offering expenses payable by the Company estimated at approximately $2.2 million) from the sale of the notes were approximately $990 million. The sale of the notes was registered under a prospectus supplement and related prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Companys effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266487).

The purchase and sale of the notes was made pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated February 13, 2025, with Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as the representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule I thereto, pursuant to which the notes were issued and sold to such underwriters, severally and not jointly, for resale at a public offering price of 100.000% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes. A copy of the underwriting agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Interest on the notes accrues from and including February 19, 2025 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025, and at maturity on March 15, 2055. The notes bear interest (i) from and including February 19, 2025 to, but excluding, March 15, 2035 at the rate of 6.500% per annum and (ii) from and including March 15, 2035, during each Reset Period at a rate per annum equal to the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the most recent Reset Interest Determination Date plus a spread of 1.975%, to be reset on each Reset Date. So long as no event of default (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to the notes has occurred and is continuing, the Company may, at its option, defer interest payments on the notes, from time to time, for one or more deferral periods of up to 20 consecutive semi-annual interest payment periods each, except that no such optional deferral period may extend beyond the final maturity date of the notes or end on a day other than the day immediately preceding an interest payment date.

The Company may redeem some or all of the notes, at its option, in whole or in part (i) on any day in the period commencing on December 15, 2034 and ending on and including March 15, 2035 and (ii) after March 15, 2035, on any interest payment date, at a redemption price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus, subject to the terms and conditions of the notes, accrued and unpaid interest on the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. At the Companys option, the Company may also redeem all of the notes upon the occurrence of certain specified events at the redemption prices provided therein, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the notes to, but excluding, the redemption date.

The foregoing description of some of the terms of the notes is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2025, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 (the Supplemental Indenture), the form of note included therein and the Indenture (as defined below). The notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of June 17, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 17, 2014 and filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Current Report on Form 8-K have the meanings set forth in the Supplemental Indenture.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement dated February 13, 2025 among the Company, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein.

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (file no. 1-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 4.1)

4.2 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2025, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee.

5.1 

Exhibit 5 Opinion of Ballard Spahr LLP

8.1 

Exhibit 8 Opinion of McGuireWoods LLP

101 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

* * * * *

This Current Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as could, may, expects, anticipates, will, targets, goals, projects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, predicts, should, and variations on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic, and financial performance, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 

Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, the following important factors that may cause our actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: unfavorable legislative and/or regulatory actions; uncertainty as to outcomes and timing of regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements thereof; environmental liabilities and remediation costs; state and federal legislation requiring use of low-emission, renewable, and/or alternate fuel sources and/or mandating implementation of energy conservation programs requiring implementation of new technologies; challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes, and difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions; negative outcomes in legal proceedings; adverse impact of the activities associated with the past deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) and now-resolved SEC investigation on Exelon's reputation and relationships with legislators, regulators, and customers; physical security and cybersecurity risks; extreme weather events, natural disasters, operational accidents such as wildfires or natural, gas explosions, war, acts and threats of terrorism, public health crises, epidemics, pandemics, or other significant events; lack of sufficient capacity to meet actual or forecasted demand or disruptions at power generation facilities owned by third parties; emerging technologies that could affect or transform the energy industry; instability in capital and credit markets; a downgrade of the Company's credit ratings or other failure to satisfy the credit standards in the Company's agreements or regulatory financial requirements; significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates; impacts of climate change and weather on energy usage and maintenance and capital costs; and impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill, and other assets.

New factors emerge from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict all of such factors, nor can we assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. For more information, see those factors discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in Part I, ITEM 1A, any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and in other reports filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC.

Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, which apply only as of the date of this Current Report. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Current Report.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EXELON CORPORATION

/s/ Jeanne M. Jones

Jeanne M. Jones

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 19, 2025

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement dated February 13, 2025 among the Company, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein.

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (file no. 1-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 4.1)

4.2 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2025, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee.

5.1 

Exhibit 5 Opinion of Ballard Spahr LLP

8.1 

Exhibit 8 Opinion of McGuireWoods LLP

101 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.01
<TEXT>
exc-20250219ex11

AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 EXELON CORPORATION $1,000,000,000 6.500% Fixed to Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes Due 2055 UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT February 13, 2025 To the Representatives of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto Ladies and Gentlemen: Exelon Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company), proposes to sell to the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are acting as representatives (the Representatives), $1,000,000,000 principal amount of its 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 (the Securities). The Securities are to be issued under a base indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), as amended and supplemented by the supplemental indenture, to be dated as of February 1, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Exchange Act on or before the Effective Date of the Registration Statement or the issue date of the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the Effective Date of the Registration Statement or the issue date of the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. Certain terms used herein are defined in Section 23 hereof. The Company hereby confirms its agreement with the several Underwriters concerning the purchase and sale of the Securities, as follows: 1. Registration Statement. As of the date of this Agreement, the Applicable Time of Sale and the Closing Date (as defined herein), the Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, each Underwriter as set forth below in this Section 1. (a) The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Act and has prepared and filed with the Commission a shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405 on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266487), including a related base prospectus, for registration under the Act of the offering and sale of the Securities. Such Registration Statement, including any amendments thereto filed prior to the Execution Time, were declared effective as of April 30, 2024. The Company may have filed one or more amendments thereto, including a Preliminary Prospectus, each of which has previously been furnished to you. The Company will next file with the Commission a final term sheet as contemplated by Section 4(b) hereof and a final prospectus supplement relating to the Securities in accordance with Rules 415 and 424(b). As filed, such final prospectus supplement shall contain all 430B Information, together with all other such required information, and, except to the extent the Representatives shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to you prior to the Execution Time or, to the extent not completed at the Execution Time, shall contain only such specific additional information and other changes (beyond that contained in the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus and Schedule 1 hereto) as the Company has advised you, prior to the Execution Time, will be included or made therein. The Registration Statement, at the Execution Time, meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x). (b) The Company has paid the fees required by the Commission relating to the Securities in accordance with Rules 457(o). 

2 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 (c) On the Effective Date, the Registration Statement did, and when the Final Prospectus is first filed in accordance with Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date (as defined herein), the Final Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) will, comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the respective rules thereunder; on the Effective Date and at the Execution Time and as of the new effective date with respect to the Securities pursuant to, and within the meaning of, Rule 430B(f)(2), the Registration Statement did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date the Indenture did or will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Trust Indenture Act and the rules thereunder; and, on the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date, the Final Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to (i) that part of the Registration Statement which shall constitute the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) under the Trust Indenture Act of the Trustee or (ii) the information contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or the Final Prospectus (or any supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement or the Final Prospectus (or any supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(b) hereof. (d) The Disclosure Package did not, as of the time and date designated as the Applicable Time of Sale include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(b) hereof. (e) The Company has not made and will not make (other than the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof) any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Act), without the prior written consent of the Representatives; the Company will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 under the Act with respect to any such free writing prospectus; any such free writing prospectus (including the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof) will not, as of its issue date and through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Securities, include any information that is inconsistent with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, and any such free writing prospectus, when taken together with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, did not, when issued or filed pursuant to Rule 433 under the Act, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. For the purpose of clarity, nothing in this Section 1(e) shall restrict the Company from making any filings required in order to comply with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. (f) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant (x) made a bona fide offer of the Securities (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) and (y) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (y)), the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer. 2. Purchase of the Securities by the Underwriters. (a) On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell to each of the Underwriters, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at the purchase prices set forth on Schedule 2 hereto, the principal amount of the Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule 1 hereto. The Underwriters agree to make a public offering of their respective Securities specified in Schedule 1 hereto at the prices to public 

3 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 specified in Schedule 2 hereto. It is understood that after such initial offering, the several Underwriters reserve the right to vary the offering price and further reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify any subsequent offering without notice. The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any of the Securities, except upon payment for all of the Securities to be purchased on the Closing Date. (b) Delivery of the Securities and payment therefor by the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters shall be made at the offices of Ballard Spahr LLP at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on February 19, 2025, or at such other time or place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth Business Day thereafter, as the Representatives and the Company may agree upon in writing. Such time and date for delivery of the Securities is herein called the Closing Date. On the Closing Date, the Company, through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC), shall deliver or cause to be delivered a securities entitlement with respect to the Securities to the Representatives for the accounts of each Underwriter against payment of the purchase price by wire transfer of same day funds to a bank account designated by the Company. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified pursuant to this Agreement is a further condition of the obligation of each Underwriter hereunder. Upon delivery, the Securities shall be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to and agrees with each Underwriter that: (a) Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. (b) The Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized and, when executed and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions). The Securities will conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. (c) Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized and, when executed and delivered by the Company, will constitute a legal, valid, binding instrument enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. The Indenture will conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. (d) Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, will not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. (e) No Market Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or which has constituted or which might reasonably be expected to cause or result, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. (f) Organization; Authority. The Company has been duly organized and is validly subsisting as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with full corporate power and authority under its charter and bylaws to own or lease, as the case may be, and to operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction which requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, stockholders equity, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Effect). 

4 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 (g) Capitalization; Subsidiaries. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus and all of the issued shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and conform to the description thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus; and all of the issued shares of capital stock of each Significant Subsidiary of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non- assessable and (except for directors' qualifying shares and except as otherwise set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus) are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims; (h) No Conflicts. None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Indenture or the Securities (the Transaction Agreements), the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated therein, or the fulfillment of the terms thereof, including the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder, will result in a breach or violation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries pursuant to (i) the charter or bylaws of the Company or the organizational documents of any of its Significant Subsidiaries; (ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries is a party or bound or to which its or their property is subject; or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any of its or their properties, except (x) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such conflict, breach, violation or default that would not, individually or in the aggregate, (A) reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Transaction Agreements, or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein; or (B) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (y) in the case of clause (iii) above, for any such violation that may arise (A) under applicable state securities laws or rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or any foreign laws or statutes in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters or (B) as a result of the legal or regulatory status of any person (other than the Company) or because of any other facts specifically pertaining to such person. (i) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of any court or state or federal governmental agency or body, including the Commission and any applicable state utility commission or other regulatory authority, is required in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Securities or in the Indenture, except such as will be obtained under the Act and the Trust Indenture Act and as may be required under the blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. (j) Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Securities, as set forth under Use of Proceeds in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. (k) Margin Rules. The application of the proceeds received by the Company from the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus will not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors. (l) Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries own or lease all such properties as are necessary for the conduct of the Companys operations as presently conducted. (m) Financial Statements. The consolidated historical financial statements and schedules of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of the date and for the periods indicated, comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. 

5 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 (n) Independent Auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board thereunder. (o) Internal Controls. The Company maintains systems of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, and the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. (p) Disclosure Controls. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act, such disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer by others within those entities, and such disclosure controls and procedures are effective. (q) No Proceedings. No action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or its or their property is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). (r) No Violations or Defaults. Neither the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary is (i) in violation of its operating agreement or its charter, bylaws or other organizational instrument or document; (ii) in default in the performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which it is a party or bound or to which its property is subject; or (iii) materially in violation of any law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or such subsidiary or any of its properties, as applicable. (s) Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such license, certificate, permit or authorization which, singly or in the aggregate, if the failure to possess or the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). (t) No Unlawful Payments; FCPA. Neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any director, officer, or employee thereof, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent affiliate, or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or other similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption law (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws); or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries have conducted, and will continue to conduct, their businesses in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and have instituted, maintained and enforced, and will continue to institute, maintain and enforce, policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 

6 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 (u) Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended (including, without limitation, by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act)), the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions where the Company or any of its subsidiaries conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti- Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering Laws. (v) Cybersecurity. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, there has been no material security breach or incident involving unauthorized access or disclosure of any of the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a data breach notification obligation to affected individuals under applicable data breach notification law or that could reasonably be expected to require disclosure or a notification thereof to the Commission or other applicable regulatory authority (a Security Breach) and (y) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any Security Breach to their IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices. (w) OFAC. Neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any director, officer, or employee thereof, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent affiliate, or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) and the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or any other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions); nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, Russia, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the non-Ukrainian government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine, or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive Order 14065 (each, a Sanctioned Country). The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, to the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has engaged in or is now engaged in any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of this dealing or transaction is or was, or whose government is or was, the subject of Sanctions, to the extent such dealings or transactions would be prohibited by applicable Sanctions. The Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, (i) to fund or finance the activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that is the subject or the target of Sanctions; (ii) to fund or facilitate any money laundering or terrorist financing activities; or (iii) in any other manner that would cause or result in a violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Sanctions by any Person (including any Party to this Agreement). 

7 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, as to matters covered thereby, to each Underwriter. 4. Further Agreements. The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that: (a) Registration Statement; Final Prospectus. Prior to the termination of the offering of the Securities, the Company will not file any amendment of the Registration Statement or supplement (including the Final Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus) to the Base Prospectus unless the Company has furnished you a copy for your review prior to filing and will not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which you reasonably object; provided that nothing in this Section 4(a) shall restrict the Company from making any filings required in order to comply with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. The Company will cause the Final Prospectus, properly completed, and any supplement thereto to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within the time period prescribed and will provide evidence satisfactory to the Representatives of such timely filing. The Company will promptly advise the Representatives (1) when the Final Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), (2) when, prior to termination of the offering of the Securities, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall have been filed or become effective, (3) of any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment of the Registration Statement, or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or for any supplement to the Final Prospectus or for any additional information, (4) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any notice objecting to its use or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose and (5) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the suspension of any such qualification and, if issued, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. (b) Final Term Sheet. The Company shall prepare a final term sheet, containing solely a description of the Securities, substantially in the form of Annex I hereto, a copy of which shall be furnished to the Representatives for their review prior to filing. The Company will not file such term sheet without the approval of the Representatives, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Upon receipt of such approval of the Representatives, the Company shall file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) within the time period prescribed by such rule; and shall file promptly all other material required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d). (c) No Free Writing Prospectus. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, represents and agrees that, without the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405), other than the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof or any free writing prospectus that is not required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433 (including a preliminary Bloomberg screen containing substantially the same information, but in any event not more information, than the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 4(b)). (d) Amendments and Supplements. If, at any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act (including circumstances when such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), any event occurs as a result of which the Final Prospectus as then supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Final Prospectus to comply with the Act or the Exchange Act or the respective rules thereunder, the Company promptly will (1) notify the Representatives of such event, (2) prepare and file with the Commission, subject to the first sentence of paragraph (a) of this Section 4, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance and (3) supply any supplemented Final Prospectus to you in such quantities as you may reasonably request. If, prior to the Closing Date, there occurs an event or development as a result of which the Disclosure Package would include an untrue statement of a material fact or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading, the Company promptly will notify the 

8 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Representatives so that any use of the Disclosure Package may cease until it is amended or supplemented, and will promptly prepare an amendment or supplement that will correct such statement or omission. (e) Earnings Releases. As soon as practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Representatives an earnings statement or statements of the Company and its subsidiaries which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act and Rule 158 under the Act. (f) Copies; Printing. The Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and to each other Underwriter a copy of the Registration Statement (without exhibits thereto) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by an Underwriter or dealer may be required by the Act (including circumstances when such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus, the Final Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any supplement thereto as the Representatives may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents relating to the offering. (g) Blue Sky; FINRA. The Company will arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of the Securities for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may designate, will maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities and will pay any fee of FINRA in connection with its review of the offering; provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to service of process in suits, other than those arising out of the offering or sale of the Securities, in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject. (h) Company Lock-Up Period. The Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the Company, directly or indirectly, or announce the offering of, any long-term debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Company or preferred stock (other than the Securities), prior to the Closing Date. (i) No Market Manipulation. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligation of each Underwriter to purchase the Securities on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein as of the Applicable Time of Sale, the Execution Time and the Closing Date, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, and to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: (a) Filings; No Stop Order. The Final Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); the final term sheet contemplated by Section 4(b) hereto, and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice by the Commission objecting to its use shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or threatened. (b) Company Counsel Opinion. Ballard Spahr LLP, counsel for the Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives its opinion, including a negative assurance statement, dated the Closing Date, in substantially the form set forth in Schedule 3. (c) Underwriter Counsel Opinion. The Representatives shall have received from Winston & Strawn LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, including a negative assurance statement, dated 

9 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 the Closing Date and addressed to the Representatives, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Securities, the Registration Statement, the Final Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) and other related matters as the Representatives may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters. In rendering such opinion, Winston & Strawn LLP may rely, as to matters governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, upon the opinion of counsel for the Company referred to in Section 5(b). (d) Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate of the Company, signed by two officers, who shall be any of the chief executive officer, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer, the chief strategy officer, the treasurer or an assistant treasurer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and that: (i) the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date and the Company has complied in all material respects with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date; (ii) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice by the Commission objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and (iii) since the date of the most recent financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto), there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto). (e) Comfort Letters. At the Execution Time and at the Closing Date, the Company shall have requested and caused PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to furnish to the Representatives letters, dated respectively as of the Execution Time and as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives. (f) No Changes. Subsequent to the Execution Time or, if earlier, the dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), there shall not have been (i) any change or decrease specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (f) of this Section 5 or (ii) any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the financial condition, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto) the effect of which, in any case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, is, in the sole judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Registration Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). (g) No Ratings Downgrade. During the period from the Execution Time to and including the Closing Date, (i) there shall not have occurred a downgrading in the rating assigned to the Securities or any of the Companys debt securities or commercial paper by any nationally recognized statistical rating agency, as that term is defined by the Commission in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, and (ii) no such securities rating agency shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, with possible negative implications, its rating of the Securities or any of the Companys debt securities. (h) Other Deliveries. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further information, certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

10 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 If any of the conditions specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled in all material respects when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of the opinions and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be in all material respects reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, this Agreement and all obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be canceled at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date by the Representatives. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or by telephone or facsimile confirmed in writing. 6. Indemnification and Contribution. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, each of their respective affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or other Federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) (i) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the registration statement for the registration of the Securities as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or arise out of or are based upon an omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or (ii) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact, in light of the circumstances in which it was made, or an omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) or any electronic roadshow or other written communication that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party, as incurred, for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for inclusion therein. (b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to each Underwriter, but only with reference to written information relating to such Underwriter, as applicable, furnished to the Company by or on behalf of such Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in Section 6(a) above. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which any Underwriter may otherwise have. The Company acknowledges that (i) the statement set forth on the cover page regarding delivery of the Securities and (ii) the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, eleventh and twelfth paragraphs under the heading Underwriting in any Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus constitute the only information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the several Underwriters for inclusion in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Final Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. (c) Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above. The indemnifying party shall be entitled to appoint counsel of the indemnifying partys choice at the indemnifying partys expense to represent the indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in which case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be responsible for the fees and expenses of any separate counsel retained by the indemnified party or parties except as set forth below); provided, however, that such counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys election 

11 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel (including local counsel) if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any indemnified party is entitled to retain separate legal counsel (including local counsel) the indemnifying party shall not be required to bear the fees, costs and expenses of more than one separate counsel (in addition to the fees and expenses of any local counsel) for all indemnified parties with respect to such lawsuit, claim or proceeding; provided that such legal counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to each indemnified person. An indemnifying party will not, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding and does not include a statement as to, or admission of, fault, culpability or failure to act on behalf of any indemnified party. The indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. (d) Contribution. In the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 6 is for any reason held to be unenforceable by an indemnified party or is insufficient to hold harmless a party indemnified under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 6, although applicable in accordance with its terms (including the requirements of Section 6(c) above), the Company and each Underwriter severally agrees to contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending same) (collectively Losses) to which the Company and one or more of the Underwriters may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and by the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Securities; provided, however, that in no case shall any Underwriter (except as may be provided in any agreement among underwriters relating to the offering of the Securities) be responsible for any amount in excess of the underwriting discount or commission applicable to the Securities purchased by such Underwriter hereunder; provided, further, that each Underwriters obligation to contribute to Losses hereunder shall be several and not joint. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason, the Company and the Underwriters, severally shall contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. Benefits received by (i) the Company shall be deemed to be equal to the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by it and (ii) the Underwriters shall be deemed to be equal to the total underwriting discounts and commissions, in each case as set forth on the cover page of the Final Prospectus. Relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or any alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information provided by the Company on the one hand or the Underwriters on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph (d), no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 6, each person who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act, each officer of the Company and each director of the Company shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the applicable terms and conditions of this paragraph (d). 

12 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 7. [Reserved]. 8. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representatives by notice to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date (A) at any time prior to such time (i) trading in the common stock of the Company shall have been suspended by the Commission, the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) or trading in securities generally on the NYSE or Nasdaq shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices shall have been established on such exchanges, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by federal or New York State authorities, (iii) a major disruption of settlements of securities or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred, (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war, or other calamity or crisis, (v) downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded the Companys debt securities by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as that term is defined by the Commission for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act or (vi) such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, with possible negative implications, its rating of any of the Companys debt securities and (B) the effect of the event as set forth in the foregoing clauses (iii) and (iv), as the case may be, on the financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of the Representatives, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto). 9. Defaulting Underwriter. (a) If any one or more Underwriters shall fail to purchase and pay for any of the Securities agreed to be purchased by such Underwriter or Underwriters hereunder and such failure to purchase shall constitute a default in the performance of its or their obligations under this Agreement, the remaining Underwriters shall be obligated severally to take up and pay for (in the respective proportions which the principal amount of the Securities set forth opposite their names in Schedule 1 hereto bears to the aggregate principal amount of the Securities set forth opposite the names of all the remaining Underwriters) the Securities which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase; provided, however, that in the event that the aggregate principal amount of the Securities which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase shall exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities set forth in Schedule 1 hereto, the remaining Underwriters shall have the right to purchase all, but shall not be under any obligation to purchase any, of the Securities the defaulting Underwriter failed to purchase. (b) If the non-defaulting Underwriters are not obligated to and do not purchase all the Securities the defaulting Underwriter failed to purchase, the Company shall be entitled to a period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons reasonably satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Shares and if arrangements for the purchase of such Shares by other persons selected by the Company and reasonably satisfactory to the Representative are not made within 36 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without liability to any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company unless the Company elects to reduce the principal amount of the Securities to be offered by the amount of the Securities that the defaulting Underwriter failed to purchase, in which event the non-defaulting Underwriters will have the right to purchase all, but shall not be under any obligation to purchase any, of such reduced principal amount of the Securities. In the event the non-defaulting Underwriters decline to purchase all of such reduced principal amount of the Securities, this Agreement will terminate without any liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company. (c) In the event of a default by any Underwriter as set forth in this Section 9, the Closing Date shall be postponed for such period, not exceeding five Business Days, as the Representatives shall determine in order that the required changes in the Registration Statement and the Final Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the Company and any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages occasioned by its default hereunder. 10. Payment of Expenses. (a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Company will pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under the Transaction Agreements, including without limitation, (i) the 

13 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 costs incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and delivery of the Securities and any taxes payable in that connection; (ii) the costs incident to the preparation, printing and filing under the Act of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (including all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof; (iii) the costs of reproducing and distributing each of the Transaction Agreements and all other agreements or documents printed and delivered in connection with the offering of the Securities; (iv) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification of the Securities under the state or foreign securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may designate and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including the related reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters); (v) all expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of the offering by, FINRA (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Underwriters); (vi) all expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with any road show presentation to potential investors; (vii) the fees and expenses of any rating agencies rating the Securities; and (x) any fees and expenses of the Trustee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that, except as expressly provided in Sections 6 and 10(b), the Underwriters will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of their counsel (other than for blue sky and FINRA matters provided above in this Section 10(a)), and transfer taxes on the resale by them of any of the Securities. (b) If (i) this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8, (ii) the Company for any reason fails to tender the Securities, if any, for delivery to the Underwriters or (iii) the Underwriters decline to purchase the Securities for any reason permitted under this Agreement, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with the Transaction Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, and the Company shall not in any event be liable to any of the Underwriters for any other amount, including, without limitation, damages on account of loss of anticipated profits from the sale of the Securities. 11. Representations and Warranties to Survive. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or controlling persons referred to in Section 6 hereof, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. The provisions of Sections 6 and 10 hereof shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement. 12. U.S. Special Resolution Regime. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. As used in this Section 12: BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

14 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 13. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and, if sent to (i) the Representatives, will be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Barclays Capital Inc., 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, Attention: Syndicate Registration (fax: 646-834-8133), Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, Attention: General Counsel (fax: 646-291-1469), Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West Street, New York, New York, Attention: Registration Department (email: registration- syndops@ny.email.gs.com), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk (fax: 212-834-6081) and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036, Attention: Investment Banking Division (fax no.: (212) 761-6691) and (ii) the Company, will be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Exelon Corporation, 10 South Dearborn Street, 54th Floor, P.O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398, Attention: Vice President and Treasurer (fax no.: (312) 394-8925); E-mail: ryan.brown@exeloncorp.com and confirmed to the General Counsel (fax no.: (312) 394-5443). 14. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 6 hereof, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. 15. Research Analyst Independence. The Company and the Underwriters acknowledge that the Underwriters research analysts and research departments are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company and/or the offering of the Securities that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that each of the Underwriters is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt securities of the Company. 16. Patriot Act Acknowledgment. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 17. No Fiduciary Duty. The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters and any affiliate thereof through which it may be acting, on the other, (b) the Underwriters are acting as principals and not as agents or fiduciaries of the Company and (c) the Companys engagement of the Underwriters in connection with the offering and the process leading up to the offering is as independent contractors and not in any other capacity. Furthermore, the Company agrees that it is solely responsible for making its own judgments in connection with the offering (irrespective of whether any of the Underwriters has advised or is currently advising the Company on related or other matters). The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe an agency, fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 

15 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 18. Applicable Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed within the State of New York. 19. Waiver of Jury Trial. The Company and the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 20. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 21. Electronic Signature. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law) www.docusign.com or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 22. Headings. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 23. Certain Defined Terms. The terms which follow, when used in this Agreement, shall have the meanings indicated. Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. Agreement shall mean this Underwriting Agreement including all schedules attached hereto and made a part hereof. Applicable Time of Sale shall mean 3:27 PM Eastern Time on February 13, 2025. Base Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus filed by the Company referred to in paragraph 1(a) above contained in the Registration Statement on the Effective Date. Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York City. Commission shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission. Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus, including the Base Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the Applicable Time of Sale, (ii) the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, (iii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (iv) any other Free Writing Prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, each document included in the Disclosure Package shall be deemed to include all documents incorporated therein by reference, whether any such incorporated document is filed before or after the document into which it is incorporated, so long as the incorporated document is filed before the Applicable Time of Sale. Effective Date shall mean each date and time that the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto became or becomes effective. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. Execution Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto. 

16 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Final Prospectus shall mean the prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that was first filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the Execution Time, together with the Base Prospectus. FINRA shall mean The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Investment Company Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall mean any issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433 under the Act. Preliminary Prospectus shall mean any preliminary prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus which describes the Securities and the offering thereof and is used prior to the filing of the Final Prospectus by the Company, together with the Base Prospectus. Registration Statement shall mean the registration statement referred to in paragraph 1(a) above, including exhibits and financial statements and any prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B, as amended on the Effective Date and, in the event any post-effective amendment thereto becomes effective prior to the Closing Date, shall also mean such registration statement as so amended, as the case may be. Rule 158, Rule 163, Rule 164, Rule 172, Rule 405, Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 430B, Rule 433, Rule 456, Rule 457, and Rule 462 and any subsections thereof, refer to such rules and any subsections thereof under the Act. Rule 430B Information shall mean information with respect to the Securities and the offering thereof permitted to be omitted from the Registration Statement when it becomes effective pursuant to Rule 430B. Significant Subsidiary shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Regulation S-X under the Act. Trust Indenture Act shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. [signature page follows] 

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement Very truly yours, EXELON CORPORATION By: Name: Ryan Brown Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement Accepted as of the date first set forth above: Acting on behalf of itself and the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. By: Name: Title: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: Name: Title: GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC By: Name: Title: MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: John Lembeck Managing Director 

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement Accepted as of the date first set forth above: Acting on behalf of itself and the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. By: Name: Title: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: Name: Title: GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC By: Name: Title: MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: Adam D. Bordner Managing Director 

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement Accepted as of the date first set forth above: Acting on behalf of itself and the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. By: Name: Title: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: Name: Title: GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC By: Name: Title: MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: Robert Bottamedi Executive Director 

Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement Accepted as of the date first set forth above: Acting on behalf of itself and the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. By: Name: Title: CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: Name: Title: GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC By: Name: Title: MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC By: Name: Title: Natalie Smithson Vice President 

Schedule 1-1 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Schedule 1 Underwriter Principal Amount of Securities to be Purchased Barclays Capital Inc. .............................................. $130,000,000 Citigroup Global Markets Inc................................. 130,000,000 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ................................... 130,000,000 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ................................... 130,000,000 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ................................... 130,000,000 Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc..................... 70,000,000 RBC Capital Markets, LLC.................................... 70,000,000 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC .................................. 70,000,000 Loop Capital Markets LLC .................................... 55,000,000 M&T Securities, Inc. .............................................. 55,000,000 Academy Securities, Inc......................................... 7,500,000 Multi-Bank Securities, Inc...................................... 7,500,000 Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC...................... 7,500,000 Stern Brothers & Co. .............................................. 7,500,000 Total. $1,000,000,000 

Schedule 2-1 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Schedule 2 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 13, 2025 Registration Statement No. 333-266487 Representatives: Barclays Capital Inc. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC A. Title, Purchase Price and Description of Securities: Title: 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes Due 2055 Principal amount: $1,000,000,000 Price to public: 100.000% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest, if any Underwriting discount: 1.000% ($10,000,000) Purchase price: 99.000% ($990,000,000), plus accrued interest, if any Sinking fund provisions: None Redemption provisions: As set forth in the Final Prospectus Other provisions: As set forth in the Final Prospectus B. Other Provisions Relating to the Securities Closing Date, Time and Location: February 19, 2025 at approximately 10:00 A.M. ET Ballard Spahr LLP 1735 Market Street, 51st Floor Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103 Type of Offering: Non-delayed Applicable Time of Sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Underwriting Agreement: 3:27 PM ET, February 13, 2025 

Schedule 3-1 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Schedule 3 FORM OF COMPANY COUNSEL OPINION 1. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated and presently subsisting under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and duly authorized to exercise all the powers recited in its charter or certificate of incorporation, and to transact business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 2. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, its properties and conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. 3. The Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 4. The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 5. The Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, when authenticated and delivered by the Trustee against payment therefor, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company. 6. The execution and delivery of the Agreement by the Company and the performance of the Companys obligations thereunder, and the issuance and sale of the Securities to you, do not and will not contravene, result in a breach or violation of, or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or asset of the Company pursuant to (i) the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company, (ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject that is listed in the Exhibit Index to the Companys Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties. 7. No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or qualification with, any state commission or regulatory authority or of any other governmental body or agency of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is required to be obtained by the Company with respect to the issuance and sale of the Securities and the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Agreements. 8. Our firm is not representing the Company in any pending litigation in which it is a named defendant, or in any litigation that is overtly threatened in writing against it by a potential claimant, that challenges the validity or enforceability of, or seeks to enjoin the performance of, the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements, and to our knowledge, there are no pending legal proceedings in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party which is required to be set forth pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act in the documents incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus other than those referred to in such documents. 9. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Act; any required filing of the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, and any supplements thereto, pursuant to Rule 424(b) has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); to our knowledge, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice by the Commission objecting to its use has been issued, no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or threatened, and the Registration Statement (other than the financial statements and other financial information contained therein, as to which we express no opinion) as of the date the Registration Statement originally became effective under the Act, and together with the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, as of each new effective date within respect to the Securities pursuant to and within the meaning of Rule 430B(f)(2) under the Act, complied, and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus (other than the financial statements and other financial information contained therein, as to which we express no opinion), as of their respective dates, complied, and the Final Prospectus (other than the financial statements and other financial 

Schedule 3-2 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 information contained therein, as to which we express no opinion), as of the date hereof, complies, in each case as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Trust Indenture Act and the respective rules thereunder. 10. The statements under the captions Description of the Notes and Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, insofar as such statements constitute a summary of the legal matters or documents referred to therein, are accurate in all material respects. 11. The Company is not, and immediately after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described under Use of Proceeds in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. We have participated in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, including participation in conferences with officers of the Company and the Companys accountants. Although we have not undertaken to determine independently and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus (except as provided in paragraph 9 above), based on that participation, we have no reason to believe that (1) the Registration Statement, at each time it became effective under the Act and (2) the Final Prospectus, as of its date and the date hereof in light of the circumstances under which they were made, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (except, in the case of the Registration Statement, the Form T-1s and in the case of the Registration Statement and the Final Prospectus, the financial statements and other financial and statistical data included or incorporated by reference therein, as to which we express no opinion or belief). Additionally, we have no reason to believe that the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time of Sale, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than the financial statements and other financial information contained therein, as to which we express no opinion or belief). 

Annex I-1 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 ANNEX I Exelon Corporation Pricing Term Sheet $1,000,000,000 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes Due 2055 Issuer: Exelon Corporation Expected Ratings*: -- Principal Amount: $1,000,000,000 Security Type: Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes (the Notes) Trade Date: February 13, 2025 Settlement Date**: February 19, 2025 (T+3) Interest Rate: The Notes will bear interest (i) from and including February 19, 2025 to, but excluding, March 15, 2035 (the First Reset Date) at the rate of 6.500% per annum and (ii) from and including the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) at a rate per annum equal to the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) as of the most recent Reset Interest Determination Date (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) plus a spread of 1.975%, to be reset on each Reset Date (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement). For additional information and the definitions of the terms Reset Period, Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate, Reset Interest Determination Date and Reset Date, see Description of the NotesInterest Rate and Maturity in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. Maturity Date: March 15, 2055 Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025 (each, an interest payment date) (subject to the Companys right to defer interest payments as described under Optional Interest Deferral below). Optional Interest Deferral: So long as no event of default (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing, the Company may, at its option, defer interest payments on the Notes, from time to time, for one or more Optional Deferral Periods (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) of up to 20 consecutive semi-annual Interest Payment Periods (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) each, except that no such Optional Deferral Period may extend beyond the final maturity date of the Notes or end on a day other than the day immediately preceding an interest payment date. No interest will be due or payable on the Notes during any such Optional Deferral Period unless the Company elects, at its option, to redeem Notes during such Optional Deferral Period, in which case accrued and unpaid interest to, but 

Annex I-2 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Issuer: Exelon Corporation Price to Public: Proceeds to Company: excluding, the redemption date will be due and payable on such redemption date only on the Notes being redeemed, or unless the principal of and interest on the Notes shall have been declared due and payable as the result of an event of default with respect to the notes, in which case all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes shall become due and payable. The Company may elect, at its option, to extend the length of any Optional Deferral Period that is shorter than 20 consecutive semi-annual Interest Payment Periods (so long as the entire Optional Deferral Period does not exceed 20 consecutive semi- annual Interest Payment Periods or extend beyond the final maturity date of the Notes) and to shorten the length of any Optional Deferral Period. The Company cannot begin a new Optional Deferral Period until the Company has paid all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes from any previous Optional Deferral Period. During any Optional Deferral Period, interest on the Notes will continue to accrue at the then-applicable interest rate on the Notes (as reset from time to time on any Reset Date occurring during such Optional Deferral Period in accordance with the terms of the Notes). In addition, during any Optional Deferral Period, interest on the deferred interest will accrue at the then-applicable interest rate on the Notes (as reset from time to time on any Reset Date occurring during such Optional Deferral Period in accordance with the terms of the Notes), compounded semi-annually, to the extent permitted by applicable law. For additional information and the definitions of the terms event of default, Optional Deferral Period and Interest Payment Period, see Description of the NotesEvents of Default and Description of the NotesOption to Defer Interest Payments in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. 100.000% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest, if any Approximately $990 million, after deducting the underwriting discount but before deducting the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Optional Redemption Provisions: The Company may redeem some or all of the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part (i) on any day in the period commencing on the date falling 90 days prior to the First Reset Date and ending on and including the First Reset Date and (ii) after the First Reset Date, on any interest payment date, at a redemption price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus, subject to the terms described in the first paragraph under Description of the NotesRedemptionRedemption Procedures; Cancellation of Redemption in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Tax Event (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) at a redemption price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus, subject to the terms described in the first paragraph under Description of the NotesRedemptionRedemption 

Annex I-3 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Issuer: Exelon Corporation CUSIP/ISIN: Procedures; Cancellation of Redemption in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Rating Agency Event (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) at a redemption price in cash equal to 102% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus, subject to the terms described in the first paragraph under Description of the NotesRedemption Redemption Procedures; Cancellation of Redemption in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the redemption date. For additional information and the definitions of the terms Tax Event and Rating Agency Event, see Description of the Notes Redemption in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. 30161N BQ3 / US30161NBQ34 Barclays Capital Inc. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. RBC Capital Markets, LLC Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Joint Bookrunners: Senior Co-Managers: Loop Capital Markets LLC M&T Securities, Inc. Co-Managers: Academy Securities, Inc. Multi-Bank Securities, Inc. Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC Stern Brothers & Co. *Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. **We expect to deliver the bonds on or about February 19, 2025, which will be the third business day following the date of this term sheet (T+3). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade bonds any day other than the business day preceding the settlement date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the bonds initially will settle in T+3, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement and should consult their own advisors. The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. 

Annex I-4 AMERICASACTIVE:20981629.5 Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-471-2526, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533 and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-718-1649.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.02
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.02
<TEXT>
exc-20250218ex42

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE BETWEEN EXELON CORPORATION AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. TRUSTEE DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 1, 2025 6.500% FIXED-TO-FIXED RESET RATE JUNIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES DUE 2055 

i TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ........................................................................................................... 1 Section 1.01 Definition of Terms .............................................................................................. 1 ARTICLE II GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................. 5 Section 2.01 Designation and Principal Amount ...................................................................... 5 Section 2.02 Stated Maturity ..................................................................................................... 6 Section 2.03 Form and Payment; Minimum Transfer Restriction ............................................ 6 Section 2.04 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfers; Depositary ......................................................................................... 7 Section 2.05 Interest.................................................................................................................. 8 Section 2.06 Events of Default .................................................................................................. 8 Section 2.07 No Sinking Fund or Repayment at Option of the Holder ................................... 10 Section 2.08 No Additional Amounts ...................................................................................... 10 Section 2.09 Waiver of Defaults.............................................................................................. 10 Section 2.10 Waiver of Covenants .......................................................................................... 11 Section 2.11 Conveyance by Lease ......................................................................................... 11 Section 2.12 Ranking; Subordination ..................................................................................... 11 ARTICLE III REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES ......................................................................... 11 Section 3.01 Optional Redemption by Company .................................................................... 11 Section 3.02 Effect of Redemption .......................................................................................... 12 Section 3.03 Notice of Redemption ......................................................................................... 12 Section 3.04 Amendments to Article IV of Base Indenture ..................................................... 12 ARTICLE IV OPTION TO DEFER INTEREST PAYMENTS .................................................. 12 Section 4.01 Option to Defer Interest Payments ..................................................................... 12 ARTICLE V FORM OF NOTE .................................................................................................... 15 Section 5.01 Form of Note ...................................................................................................... 15 ARTICLE VI ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES ............................................................................ 15 Section 6.01 Original Issue of Notes....................................................................................... 15 ARTICLE VII RESERVED ......................................................................................................... 15 ARTICLE VIII SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE ...................................................................... 15 Section 8.01 Supplemental Indenture without Consent of Holders ........................................ 15 Section 8.02 Supplemental Indenture with Consent of Holders ............................................. 16 ARTICLE IX RESERVED ........................................................................................................... 17 ARTICLE X CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE OR CONVEYANCE .............................. 17 Section 10.01 Covenant Not to Consolidate Merge, Sell or Convey Except Under Certain Conditions ........................................................................................... 17 

ii Section 10.02 Successor Person to Be Substituted ................................................................. 17 ARTICLE XI TAX TREATMENT .............................................................................................. 18 Section 11.01 Tax Treatment .................................................................................................. 18 ARTICLE XII THE TRUSTEE .................................................................................................... 18 Section 12.01 Appointment of Trustee .................................................................................... 18 Section 12.02 Eligibility of Trustee ......................................................................................... 18 Section 12.03 Security Registrar and Paying Agent ............................................................... 19 Section 12.04 Concerning the Trustee .................................................................................... 19 Section 12.05 Patriot Act Requirements of Trustee ................................................................ 19 Section 12.06 Notice upon Trustee ......................................................................................... 19 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS ........................................................................................... 20 Section 13.01 Ratification of Indenture; Third Supplemental Indenture Controls ................. 20 Section 13.02 Recitals ............................................................................................................. 20 Section 13.03 Governing Law ................................................................................................. 20 Section 13.04 Separability ...................................................................................................... 20 Section 13.05 Counterparts .................................................................................................... 21 

1 THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE THIS THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 1, 2025 (the Third Supplemental Indenture), is between EXELON CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation, having its principal office at 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 (the Company), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee of the Securities established by this Third Supplemental Indenture, having a corporate trust office at 311 South Wacker Drive, Suite 6200B, Floor 62, Mailbox #44, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (herein called the Trustee). WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore entered into an Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated as of June 17, 2014 between the Company and the Trustee, as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014 and the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2017 (the Base Indenture); WHEREAS, the Base Indenture is incorporated herein by this reference and the Base Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Third Supplemental Indenture, and as may be hereafter supplemented or amended from time to time in accordance herewith and therewith, is herein called the Indenture; WHEREAS, under the Base Indenture, a new series of Securities may at any time be established in accordance with the provisions of the Base Indenture and the terms of such series may be described by a supplemental indenture executed by the Company and the Trustee; WHEREAS, the Company proposes to create under the Base Indenture new series of Securities and to appoint the Trustee as Trustee under the Base Indenture with respect to such Securities; WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Third Supplemental Indenture and all requirements necessary to make this Third Supplemental Indenture a valid instrument in accordance with its terms, and to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Third Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized in all respects; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders, and for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the form and substance of the Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.01 Definition of Terms. For all purposes of this Third Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (a) the capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Base Indenture; 

2 (b) the terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular; (c) all other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, whether directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein; (d) a reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Third Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise stated; (e) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Third Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; (f) headings are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate means, as of any Reset Interest Determination Date, (i) an interest rate (expressed as a decimal) determined to be the per annum rate equal to the arithmetic mean of the yields to maturity for U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity with a maturity of five years from the next Reset Date and trading in the public securities markets, for the five consecutive Business Days immediately prior to the respective Reset Interest Determination Date as published in the most recent H.15, or (ii) if there is no such published U.S. Treasury security with a maturity of five years from the next Reset Date and trading in the public securities markets, then the rate will be determined by interpolation between the arithmetic mean of the yields to maturity for each of the two series of U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity trading in the public securities markets, (A) one maturing as close as possible to, but earlier than, the Reset Date following the next succeeding Reset Interest Determination Date, and (B) the other maturing as close as possible to, but later than, the Reset Date following the next succeeding Reset Interest Determination Date, in each case for the five consecutive Business Days immediately prior to the respective Reset Interest Determination Date as published in the most recent H.15. If the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in clause (i) or (ii) above, then the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate will be the same interest rate determined for the prior Reset Interest Determination Date or, if the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate cannot be so determined as of the Reset Interest Determination Date preceding the First Reset Date, then the interest rate applicable for the Reset Period beginning on and including the First Reset Date will be deemed to be 6.500% per annum, which is the same interest rate as in effect from and including the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the First Reset Date. Business Day means a day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday, or (ii) a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to close. Calculation Agent means, at any time, the entity appointed by the Company and serving as such agent with respect to the Notes at such time. Capital Stock means (i) in the case of a corporation or a company, corporate stock or shares; (ii) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; (iii) in the case 

3 of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and (iv) any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing person. Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business with respect to the Securities herein described shall be principally administered, which office at the date of original execution of this Third Supplemental Indenture is located at 311 South Wacker Drive, Suite 6200B, Floor 62, Mailbox #44, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration. Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. Global Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a). H.15 means the statistical release designated as such, or any successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System (or any successor thereto). The most recent H.15 means the H.15 published closest in time but prior to the close of business on the second Business Day (as defined below) prior to the applicable Reset Date. Holder means the Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the books of the Trustee kept for that purpose. Interest Payment means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the interest payment on the Notes due on such Interest Payment Date. Interest Payment Period means the semi-annual period from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, except for the first Interest Payment Period which shall be the period from and including the Original Issue Date to but excluding September 15, 2025. Interest Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05. Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.01. Optional Deferral Period means each such deferral period, commencing on the Interest Payment Date on which the first such deferred Interest Payment otherwise would have been made. Original Issue Date means February 19, 2025 or, in the case of Notes issued in connection with any exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional Notes as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, the date on which such Notes are issued. Rating Agency Event means, as of any date, a change, clarification or amendment in the methodology published by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor 

4 provision thereto), that then publishes a rating for the Company (together with any successor thereto, a rating agency) in assigning equity credit to securities such as the Notes, (a) as such methodology was in effect on February 13, 2025, in the case of any rating agency that published a rating for the Company as of February 13, 2025, or (b) as such methodology was in effect on the date such rating agency first published a rating for the Company, in the case of any rating agency that first publishes a rating for the Company after February 13, 2025 (in the case of either clause (a) or (b), the current methodology), that results in (i) any shortening of the length of time for which a particular level of equity credit pertaining to the Notes by such rating agency would have been in effect had the current methodology not been changed or (ii) a lower equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) being assigned by such rating agency to the Notes as of the date of such change, clarification or amendment than the equity credit that would have been assigned to the Notes by such rating agency had the current methodology not been changed. Redemption means the redemption of the Notes pursuant to the terms of Article III. Redemption Date when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to the Indenture. Redemption Price means, for any Note, the principal amount of such Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including deferred interest and compounded interest thereon), if any, to but excluding the Redemption Date. Regular Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a). Reset Date means the First Reset Date and March 15 of every fifth year after 2035. Reset Interest Determination Date means, in respect of any Reset Period, the day falling two Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period. Reset Period means the period from and including the First Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date and thereafter each period from and including a Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date. Stated Maturity shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.02. Successor Person shall have the meaning specified in 10.01. Tax Event means that the Company has received an opinion of counsel experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of: a) any amendment to, clarification of, or change, including any announced prospective change, in the laws or treaties of the United States or any of its political subdivisions or taxing authorities, or any regulations under those laws or treaties; b) an administrative action, which means any judicial decision or any official administrative pronouncement, ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement, including any notice or announcement of intent to issue or adopt any administrative pronouncement, ruling, regulatory procedure or regulation; 

5 c) any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of any administrative action or judicial decision or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to an administrative action or judicial decision that differs from the previously generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, regardless of the time or manner in which that amendment, clarification or change is introduced or made known; or d) a threatened challenge asserted in writing in connection with a tax audit of the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, or a publicly-known threatened challenge asserted in writing against any other taxpayer that has raised capital through the issuance of securities that are substantially similar to the Securities of this series, which amendment, clarification or change is effective or the administrative action is taken or judicial decision, interpretation or pronouncement is issued or threatened challenge is asserted or becomes publicly-known after February 13, 2025, there is more than an insubstantial risk that interest payable by the Company on the Notes is not deductible, or within 90 days would not be deductible, in whole or in part, by the Company for United States federal income tax purposes. The terms Company, Trustee, Base Indenture, Indenture, and Third Supplemental Indenture shall have the respective meanings set forth in the preamble or recitals to this Third Supplemental Indenture. ARTICLE II GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES Section 2.01 Designation and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized a new series of Securities, to be designated the 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 (the Notes) in the initial aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000, which amount shall be set forth in any written order of the Company for the authentication and delivery of Notes pursuant to Section 301 of the Base Indenture and Section 6.01 hereof. The aggregate principal amount of the Notes which may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture is initially limited to $1,000,000,000, except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections 304, 305, 306, 406 or 1206 of the Indenture and except for any Notes which, pursuant to Section 303 of the Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture. However, such series of Securities may be re-opened by the Company for the issuance of additional Securities of the same series, so long as any such additional Notes (i) have the same form and terms (other than the offering price, the date of issuance and, under certain circumstances, the date from which interest thereon shall begin to accrue and the first Interest Payment Date, and except that the provisions of the Notes specifying the rate of interest thereon to but excluding the First Reset Date shall not be applicable to any such additional Notes whose date of original issuance is on or after the First Reset Date), and carry the same right to receive accrued and unpaid interest (if any), as the Notes theretofore issued and (ii) shall form a single series under the Indenture with the Notes theretofore issued, and provided that such additional Notes are fungible with the Notes theretofore issued for United States Federal income tax purposes; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the 

6 foregoing, such series of Securities may not be re-opened if the Company has effected the satisfaction and discharge thereof as provided in Sections 701 and 702 of the Indenture. Section 2.02 Stated Maturity. The Stated Maturity of the Notes is March 15, 2055. Section 2.03 Form and Payment; Minimum Transfer Restriction. (a) The Notes are to be issued only as registered securities without coupons. All Notes shall have identical terms. The Notes shall be issued in book-entry form and represented by one or more global Securities (the Global Securities) of such series, the initial depositary (the Depositary) for the Global Securities of such series shall be The Depository Trust Company and the depositary arrangements shall be those employed by whoever shall be the Depositary with respect to the Global Securities of such series from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certificated Notes in definitive form may be issued in exchange for Global Securities of such series under the circumstances contemplated by Section 2.04. (b) The Notes shall not be repayable or redeemable at the option of the Holders prior to the Stated Maturity of the principal of the Notes and shall not be subject to a sinking fund or analogous provision. (c) The Notes shall be issued in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Section 302 of the Base Indenture shall not apply with respect to the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to such provision shall, for purposes of the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to this Section 2.03(c). (d) The principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars. (e) The Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for other securities. (f) Anything in the Indenture or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, payments of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Global Securities of such series shall be made by wire transfer to the Depositary or its nominee or to any successor depositary or nominee, whichever shall be the registered Holder of such Global Securities of such series from time to time. (g) As used in the Indenture with respect to the Notes and in the certificates evidencing the Notes, all references to premium on the Notes shall mean any amounts (other than accrued interest) payable upon the redemption of any Notes in excess of 100% of the principal amount of such Securities. (h) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 802 of the Indenture, neither the Trustee nor the Holders of the Notes shall be entitled to declare the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be immediately due and payable by reason of the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default specified in section (c) of Section 2.06 herein applicable to the Notes, and any notice of declaration of acceleration based on such an Event of Default shall be null and void with respect to the Notes; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as an Event of Default specified in section (c) of Section 2.06 herein with respect to the Notes shall 

7 have occurred and shall be continuing, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes may exercise the other rights and remedies available under the Indenture in connection with such Event of Default, as well as such other rights and remedies as may be available under applicable law or otherwise. (i) The term Senior Indebtedness, when used in reference to the Notes, shall have the meaning set forth in Section 101 of the Indenture and the term Subordination Provisions when used in reference to the Notes, shall mean the provisions set forth in Article XV of the Indenture. For purposes of the Indenture and anything therein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Notes shall rank equally in right of payment with the Other Junior Subordinated Notes (as defined below), the Other Junior Subordinated Notes shall not constitute Senior Indebtedness with respect to the Notes, and the Notes shall not constitute Senior Indebtedness with respect to the Other Junior Subordinated Notes. Other Junior Subordinated Notes means any Securities of the Company issued pursuant to the Indenture, together with any additional debt securities of the same series which may in the future be issued under the Indenture upon any re-opening of such series. (j) Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose at the Place of Payment, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register or by wire transfer at such place and to such account at a banking institution in the United States as may be designated in writing to the Trustee at least 15 days prior to the date for payment by the Person entitled thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments with respect to any Global Security will be made by wire transfer to the Depository or in accordance with any other applicable procedures of the Depository. (k) Notwithstanding any provision of the Base Indenture, the Notes may be executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee by manual or electronic signature. Section 2.04 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfers; Depositary. If the Notes are issued as one or more Global Securities, the Depository shall be The Depository Trust Company or such other depository that is a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act as any officer of the Company may from time to time designate. Notes represented by the Global Securities will be exchangeable for Notes in certificated form only (x) if the Depository (A) has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depository for the Global Securities or (B) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor depository that is a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act is not appointed by the Company within 90 days after such notice or cessation, or (y) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or any other event that after notice or lapse of time, would constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Notes and any beneficial owner of a Global Security requests that its beneficial interest be exchanged for a Note in certificated form; provided, subject to Section 2.03, that the Notes in certificated form so issued in exchange for the Global Securities shall be in denominations of $2,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000 above that amount and shall be of like aggregate principal amount and tenor as the portion of the Global Security to be exchanged. Except as provided above, owners of beneficial interest in a Global Security will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in certificated form and will not be considered the Holders thereof for any purpose under the Indenture. Any Global Security that is exchangeable pursuant to clause (x) of the second 

8 sentence of this Section 2.04 shall be exchangeable for Notes in certificated form registered in such names as the Depository shall direct. Section 2.05 Interest. (a) The notes will bear interest (i) from and including the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, March 15, 2035 (the First Reset Date) at the rate of 6.500% per annum and (ii) from and including the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period (as defined below) at a rate per annum equal to the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the most recent Reset Interest Determination Date plus a spread of 1.975%, to be reset on each Reset Date. Interest on the notes will accrue from and including the Original Issue Date and subject to Article IV, will be payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Payment Date) of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025, to the holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding March 1 and September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), respectively (each, a Regular Record Date), subject to our right to defer Interest Payments as described below. Interest on the notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, or the Stated Maturity is not a Business Day, then the applicable payment shall be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day and no interest shall accrue or be paid in respect of such delay. Section 113 of the Base Indenture is hereby superseded in its entirety, with respect to the Notes, by the immediately preceding sentence. (b) The applicable interest rate for each Reset Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the applicable Reset Interest Determination Date. Unless the Company has validly called all of the outstanding Notes for redemption on a Redemption Date occurring prior to the First Reset Date, the Company will appoint a Calculation Agent for the Notes prior to the Reset Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the First Reset Date; provided that, if the Company has called all of the outstanding Notes for redemption on a Redemption Date occurring prior to the First Reset Date but the Company does not redeem all of the outstanding Notes on such Redemption Date, the Company will appoint a Calculation Agent for the Notes as promptly as practicable after such proposed Redemption Date. The Company may terminate any such appointment and may appoint a successor Calculation Agent at any time and from time to time (so long as there shall always be a Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes when so required). The Company may appoint itself or an Affiliate of the Company as Calculation Agent. Section 2.06 Events of Default. An Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall mean: (a) failure to pay interest, on any Note within 30 days after the same becomes due and payable (whether or not payment is prohibited by the Subordination Provisions of the Indenture) provided, however, that a valid deferral of the interest payment by the Company as described in Section 4.01; (b) failure to pay the principal of or premium, if any, on any Note when it becomes due and payable (whether or not payment is prohibited by the Subordination Provisions; 

9 (c) failure to perform, or breach of, any covenant or warranty of the Company in the Indenture (other than a covenant or warranty a default in the performance of which or breach of which is elsewhere in this Section 2.06 specifically dealt with or which has expressly been included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of one or more series of securities other than the Notes) and the continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee, or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default under the Indenture, unless the Trustee, or the Trustee and the Holders of a principal amount of Notes not less than the principal amount of Notes the holders of which gave such notice, as the case may be, shall agree in writing to an extension of such period prior to its expiration; provided, however, that the Trustee, or the Trustee and the Holders of such principal amount of Notes, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have agreed to an extension of such period if corrective action is initiated by the Company within such period and is being diligently pursued in good faith; (d) the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (1) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (2) a decree or order adjudging the Company as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition by one or more Persons other than the Company seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company under any applicable Federal or State law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official for the Company or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order shall have remained unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; (e) the commencement by the Company of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by the Company to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in a case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against the Company, or the filing by the Company of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable Federal or State law, or the consent by the Company to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by the Company of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by the Company in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the authorization of such action by the Board of Directors of the Company. The nonpayment of interest for so long as and to the extent that interest is permitted to be deferred pursuant to Article IV herein shall not be deemed to be a default in the payment of interest for the purposes of this Section. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of all of the Notes, and interest accrued thereon to be due and payable 

10 immediately (provided that the payment of principal and Interest on such Notes shall remain subordinated to the extent provided herein), by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders of the Notes), and, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such declaration of acceleration, such principal amount (or specified amount) and Interest accrued thereon shall become immediately due and payable. At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to the Notes has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due shall have been obtained by the Trustee, the Event of Default giving rise to such declaration of acceleration shall, without further act, be deemed to have been waived, and such declaration and its consequences shall, without further act, be deemed to have been rescinded and annulled, if: (x) the Company shall have paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay: (i) all overdue Interest, if any, on all outstanding Notes; (ii) the principal of and premium, if any, on any outstanding Notes which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration and Interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such notes; (iii) to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue Interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such notes; (iv) all amounts due to the Trustee under this Indenture; and (y) if, after application of money paid or deposited in accordance with clause (x) above, the Notes would remain outstanding, any other Event or Events of Default with respect to the Notes, other than the non-payment of the principal of the Notes which shall have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, shall have been cured or waived. Section 2.07 No Sinking Fund or Repayment at Option of the Holder. The Notes shall not be subject to any sinking fund or analogous provision and shall not be repayable at the option of a Holder thereof prior to the Stated Maturity. Section 2.08 No Additional Amounts. The Company will not pay any additional amounts to any Holder (or beneficial owner) in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge (including, without limitation, any taxes imposed pursuant to any Applicable Law). Section 2.09 Waiver of Defaults. The Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes, at the time Outstanding shall have the right to direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee under the Indenture with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that, subject to Section 901 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee determines that the action so directed may not lawfully be taken, or if the Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, determine that the proceedings so directed would be illegal or involve it in personal liability or be unduly prejudicial to the rights of Holders of the Notes not parties to such direction; and provided, further, 

11 that nothing in the Indenture shall impair the right of the Trustee to take any action deemed proper by the Trustee and which is not inconsistent with such direction by the Holders of the Notes. The Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding, may waive any past default under the Indenture with respect to the Notes, except a default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Notes or in respect of a covenant or provision of the Indenture which under Article XII of the Base Indenture (as amended hereby) cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Note so affected. Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of the Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such waiver shall be deemed to be on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes. Section 812 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to such provision shall, for purposes of the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to the applicable provision in this Section 2.09. Section 2.10 Waiver of Covenants. The Company may omit in any particular instance to comply with any covenant or condition specifically contained in the Indenture for the benefit of the Notes, if before the time for such compliance the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding shall waive such compliance in such instance, but no such waiver shall extend to or affect such covenant or condition except to the extent so expressly waived, and, until such waiver shall become effective, the obligations of the Company and the duties of the Trustee in respect of any such covenant or condition shall remain in full force and effect. Section 2.11 Conveyance by Lease. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1102 of the Base Indenture, the Company shall not be discharged from its obligations and covenants (with respect to the Notes) under the Indenture or the Notes, and may not be dissolved or liquidated, in connection with any conveyance by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person by way of a lease. Section 2.12 Ranking; Subordination. For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes shall rank on a parity with all Securities of other series issued under the Base Indenture. ARTICLE III REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES Section 3.01 Optional Redemption by Company . (a) The Company may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole or from time to time in part, (i) on any day in the period commencing on the date falling 90 days prior to the First Reset Date and ending on and including the First Reset Date and (ii) after the First Reset Date, on any Interest Payment Date, at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus (subject to the provisions set forth below regarding the payment of installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Redemption Date) accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

12 (b) The Company may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Tax Event at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus (subject to the provisions set forth below regarding the payment of installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Redemption Date) accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. (c) The Company may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Rating Agency Event at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 102% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus (subject to the provisions set forth below regarding the payment of installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Redemption Date) accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. Section 3.02 Effect of Redemption. Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, once notice of Redemption is given and sufficient funds are irrevocably deposited by the Company, in each case, in accordance with Sections 404 and 405 of the Base Indenture, (i) interest shall cease to accrue on the Notes to be redeemed on and after the Redemption Date (unless there is a default in payment of the Redemption Price), (ii) the Notes to be redeemed shall no longer be outstanding and (iii) all rights of the Holders in respect of the Notes to be redeemed shall terminate and lapse (other than the right to receive any amount owed in connection with a Redemption but without interest on such amount). Section 3.03 Notice of Redemption. Subject to Article IV of the Base Indenture, notice of any Redemption pursuant to this Article III will be sent not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at such Holders registered address and, subject to Article IV of the Base Indenture, such notice of Redemption shall at least specify: (a) the Redemption Date; (b) the Redemption Price; and (c) that, on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price shall become due and payable upon each of the Notes to be redeemed and that such Notes shall cease to accrue interest on and after the Redemption Date, unless there is a default in payment of the Redemption Price. Section 3.04 Amendments to Article IV of Base Indenture. Solely for purposes of the Notes, (i) Sections 404 and 405 of the Base Indenture are hereby deemed amended by removing any reference therein to accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption being payable on any Notes upon Redemption (in addition to the applicable redemption price). ARTICLE IV OPTION TO DEFER INTEREST PAYMENTS Section 4.01 Option to Defer Interest Payments. 

13 (a) So long as no Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing, the Company may, at its option, defer Interest Payments on the Notes, from time to time, for one or more deferral periods of up to 20 consecutive Interest Payment Periods each (each such deferral period, commencing on the Interest Payment Date on which the first such deferred Interest Payment otherwise would have been made, an Optional Deferral Period), except that no such Optional Deferral Period may extend beyond the Stated Maturity or end on a day other than the day immediately preceding an Interest Payment Date. During any Optional Deferral Period, interest on the Notes will continue to accrue at the then-applicable interest rate on the Notes (as reset from time to time on any Reset Date occurring during such Optional Deferral Period in accordance with the terms of the Notes). In addition, during any Optional Deferral Period interest on the deferred interest (compound interest) will accrue at the then-applicable interest rate on the Notes (as reset from time to time on any Reset Date occurring during such Optional Deferral Period in accordance with the terms of the Notes), compounded semi-annually, to the extent permitted by applicable law. No interest will be due or payable on the Notes during an Optional Deferral Period, except upon a redemption of any Notes on any Redemption Date during such Optional Deferral Period (in which case all accrued and unpaid interest (including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any compound interest) on the Notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such Redemption Date will be due and payable on such Redemption Date), or unless the principal of and interest on the Notes shall have been declared due and payable as the result of an Event of Default with respect to the Notes (in which case all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any compound interest on the Notes, shall become due and payable). All references in the Notes and, insofar as relates to the Notes, the Indenture to interest on the Notes shall be deemed to include any such deferred interest and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any compound interest, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. (b) Before the end of any Optional Deferral Period that is shorter than 20 consecutive Interest Payment Periods, the Company may elect, at its option, to extend such Optional Deferral Period, so long as the entire Optional Deferral Period does not exceed 20 consecutive Interest Payment Periods or extend beyond the Stated Maturity. The Company may also elect, at its option, to shorten the length of any Optional Deferral Period. No Optional Deferral Period (including as extended or shortened) may end on a day other than the day immediately preceding an Interest Payment Date. At the end of any Optional Deferral Period, if all amounts then due on the Notes, including all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including, without limitation and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any compound interest), shall have been paid in full, the Company may elect to begin a new Optional Deferral Period; provided, however, that, without limitation of the foregoing, the Company may not begin a new Optional Deferral Period unless the Company has paid all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes (including, without limitation and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any compound interest) from any previous Optional Deferral Periods. (c) During any Optional Deferral Period, the Company shall not do any of the following (subject to the exceptions set forth in the next succeeding paragraph): (i) declare or pay any dividends or distributions on any Capital Stock (as defined below) of the Company; 

14 (ii) redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to any Capital Stock of the Company; (iii) pay any principal, interest or premium on, or repay, repurchase or redeem, any indebtedness of the Company that ranks equally with or junior to the Notes in right of payment; or (iv) make any payments with respect to any guarantees by the Company of any indebtedness if such guarantees rank equally with or junior to the Notes in right of payment. (d) However, during an Optional Deferral Period, the Company may (i) declare and pay dividends or distributions payable solely in shares of its common stock (together, for the avoidance of doubt, with cash in lieu of any fractional share) or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of its common stock, (ii) declare and pay any dividend in connection with the implementation of a plan (a Rights Plan) providing for the issuance by the Company to all holders of its common stock of rights entitling them to subscribe for or purchase its common stock or any class or series of its preferred stock, which rights (A) are deemed to be transferred with such common stock, (B) are not exercisable until the occurrence of a specified event or events and (C) are also issued in respect of future issuances of its common stock, (iii) issue any of shares of its Capital Stock under any Rights Plan or redeem or repurchase any rights distributed pursuant to a Rights Plan, (iv) reclassify its Capital Stock or exchange or convert one class or series of its Capital Stock for another class or series of its Capital Stock, (v) purchase fractional interests in shares of its Capital Stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such Capital Stock or the security being converted or exchanged, (vi) purchase, acquire or withhold shares of its common stock related to the issuance of its common stock or rights under any dividend reinvestment plan or related to any of its benefit plans for its directors, officers, employees, consultants or advisors, including any employment contract, and (vii) for the avoidance of doubt, convert convertible Capital Stock of the Company into other Capital Stock of the Company in accordance with the terms of such convertible Capital Stock (together, for the avoidance of doubt, with cash in lieu of any fractional share). (e) The Company will give the holders of the Notes and the Trustee written notice of its election of, or any shortening or extension of, an Optional Deferral Period at least 10 Business Days prior to the earlier of (1) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or (2) the date upon which the Company is required to give notice to any applicable self-regulatory organization or to Holders of the Notes of the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the record date therefor. The record date for the payment of deferred interest and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any compound interest payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following the last day of an Optional Deferral Period will be the Regular Record Date with respect to such Interest Payment Date. (f) Section 607 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to such provision shall, for purposes of the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to the applicable provision in this Section 4.01. 

15 ARTICLE V FORM OF NOTE Section 5.01 Form of Note. The Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. ARTICLE VI ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES Section 6.01 Original Issue of Notes. Notes in the initial aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000,000 may be executed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee for authentication by it, and the Trustee shall thereupon authenticate by manual or electronic signature and deliver said Notes to or upon the written order of the Company, signed by any Officer of the Company, without any further corporate action by the Company. ARTICLE VII RESERVED ARTICLE VIII SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Section 8.01 Supplemental Indenture without Consent of Holders. Without the consent of any Holders, the Company and the Trustee may from time to time, and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto to amend the Indenture and the Notes, in form satisfactory to the Trustee (which shall comply with the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect), for one or more of the following purposes: (a) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company, or successive successions, and the assumption by the successor Person of the covenants, agreements and obligations of the Company pursuant to Article X hereof; (b) to add to the covenants of the Company such further covenants, restrictions or conditions as the Company and the Trustee shall consider to be for the protection of the Holders and to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions or conditions a default or an Event of Default permitting the enforcement of all or any of the several remedies provided in the Indenture; provided, however, that in respect to any such additional covenant, restriction or condition such supplemental indenture may provide for a particular period of grace after default (which period may be shorter or longer than that allowed in the case of other defaults) or may provide for an immediate enforcement upon such default or may limit the remedies available to the Trustee upon such default; (c) to change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture; provided, however, that any such change or elimination shall become effective only when there are no Notes outstanding created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture which is entitled to the benefit of such provision or the Notes are not entitled to the benefit of such provision; (d) to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision contained herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be defective or inconsistent with any other 

16 provisions contained herein or in any supplemental indenture, or to make such other provision in regard to matters or questions arising under the Indenture or any supplemental indenture; provided, however, that such action shall not adversely affect the interest of the Holders in any material respect. (e) to mortgage or pledge to the Trustee as security for the Notes any property or assets which the Company may desire to mortgage or pledge as security for the Notes; (f) to qualify, or maintain the qualification of, the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; and (g) to amend the Notes, the Base Indenture (insofar as it relates to the Notes) and the Indenture to conform the provisions thereof or hereof to the descriptions thereof or hereof contained in the final prospectus supplement dated February 13, 2025 for the Notes, as supplemented by any free writing prospectus used in connection with the offering of the Notes, under the section entitled Description of the Notes. The Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations which may be therein contained and to accept the conveyance, transfer, mortgage, pledge or assignment of any property thereunder, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise. Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 1202 of the Base Indenture. Section 1201 of the Base Indenture shall not apply with respect to the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to such provision shall, for purposes of the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to the applicable provision in this Section 8.01. Section 8.02 Supplemental Indenture with Consent of Holders. With the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in the principal amount of Notes then outstanding (except as otherwise provided in Section 1202 of the Base Indenture), the Company, when authorized by a Resolution of the Company, and the Trustee may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto or to the Base Indenture for the purpose of (i) adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Base Indenture or this Third Supplemental Indenture or (ii) modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes; provided, however, that, in addition to the restrictions set forth in the proviso contained in Section 1202 of the Base Indenture (which shall apply to this Section 8.02, mutatis mutandis), no supplemental indenture may without the consent of the Holders of each outstanding Note directly affected thereby, modify Section 2.09 hereof in a manner adverse to the rights of the Holders. Section 1202 of the Base Indenture shall not apply with respect to the Notes (other than the proviso therein, which shall apply as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence), and any reference in the Base Indenture to such provision shall, for purposes of the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to the applicable provision in this Section 8.02. 

17 ARTICLE IX RESERVED ARTICLE X CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE OR CONVEYANCE Section 10.01 Covenant Not to Consolidate Merge, Sell or Convey Except Under Certain Conditions. The Company covenants that it will not merge or consolidate with any other Person or sell or convey all or substantially all of its assets to any Person unless (a) (x) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Person), if not the Company, is (and, if the Company remains a party to the Notes and the Indenture after giving effect to such transaction and the requirements in respect thereof under the Indenture, the Company is) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or a U.S. state or the District of Columbia, and (y) the Successor Person, if not the Company, expressly assumes, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Notes, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by the Company; (b) the obligor under the Indenture will not, immediately after the relevant transaction, be in default in the performance of its covenants and conditions under the Notes; and (c) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, subject to customary qualifications and assumptions, each stating that such transaction and such modifications to the Indenture, if any, comply with the requirements therefor under this Article X. Section 10.02 Successor Person to Be Substituted. In case of any such, consolidation, merger or conveyance and upon the assumption by the Successor Person, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by the Company under the Indenture, such Successor Person shall succeed to and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Indenture, with the same effect as if it had been named herein as the Company, and, except in the case of a lease, the Company will be relieved of any further obligation under the Indenture and the Notes and, upon such assumption by the Successor Person by such supplemental indenture, the terms hereof shall no longer apply to the Company. Such Successor Person thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Person instead of the Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in the Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the officers of the Company to the Trustee for 

18 authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Person thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under the Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of the Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger or conveyance the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of the Indenture or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article X may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under the Indenture. In case of any such amalgamation, consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease, such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate. Article XI of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to Article XI of the Base Indenture shall, for purposes of the Notes only be deemed to refer instead to the applicable provisions in this Article X. ARTICLE XI TAX TREATMENT Section 11.01 Tax Treatment. The Company agrees, and by acceptance of a Note, each Holder (or beneficial owner) will be deemed (a) to have agreed that such Holder (or beneficial owner) intends that the Securities of this series constitute indebtedness of the Company, and will treat the Securities of this series as indebtedness of the Company, for United States federal, state and local tax purposes, and (b) in all events, not to take any position for U.S. federal, state or local income tax purposes that is inconsistent with or contrary to the above covenant unless required by law. ARTICLE XII THE TRUSTEE Section 12.01 Appointment of Trustee. Pursuant to the Base Indenture and pursuant to this Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as Trustee under the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes, and by execution hereof the Trustee accepts such appointment. Pursuant to the Base Indenture, all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the Trustee under the Base Indenture shall be vested in the Trustee with respect to the Notes and there shall continue to be vested in the Trustee all of its rights, powers, trusts and duties as Trustee under the Base Indenture with respect to all of the series of Securities as to which it has served and continues to serve as Trustee. Section 12.02 Eligibility of Trustee. The Trustee hereby represents that it is qualified and eligible under Section 909 of the Base Indenture and the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act to accept its appointment as Trustee with respect to the Notes under the Base Indenture and hereby accepts the appointment as such Trustee. 

19 Section 12.03 Security Registrar and Paying Agent. Pursuant to the Base Indenture, the Company hereby appoints The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as registrar and Paying Agent with respect to the Notes. Section 12.04 Concerning the Trustee. The Trustee does not assume any duties, responsibilities or liabilities by reason of this Third Supplemental Indenture other than as set forth in the Base Indenture or as expressly set forth herein and, in carrying out its responsibilities hereunder, shall have all of the rights, powers, privileges, protections, duties and immunities which it possesses under the Base Indenture. Section 12.05 Patriot Act Requirements of Trustee. The parties hereto acknowledge that in order to help the United States government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, pursuant to Federal regulations that became effective on October 1, 2003 (Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act) all financial institutions are required to obtain, verify, record and update information that identifies each person establishing a relationship or opening an account. The parties to this Third Supplemental Indenture agree that they will provide to the Trustee such information as it may request, from time to time, in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, including but not limited to the name, address, tax identification number and other information that will allow it to identify the individual or entity who is establishing the relationship or opening the account and may also ask for formation documents such as articles of incorporation or other identifying documents to be provided. Section 12.06 Notice upon Trustee. Any notice, direction, request, demand, consent or waiver by the Company or any Holder to or upon the Trustee, registrar or Paying Agent for the Notes shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given, made or filed, for all purposes, if given, made or filed in writing at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant to this Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the 

20 risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Third Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, where this Third Supplemental Indenture or the Notes provide for notice of any event or any other communication (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a holder of a Global Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices at the Depositary. The last two paragraphs of Section 105 of the Base Indenture shall not apply with respect to this Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to such Section shall, for purposes of this Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to Section 105 of the Base Indenture as amended by this Section 12.06. ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS Section 13.01 Ratification of Indenture; Third Supplemental Indenture Controls. The Base Indenture, as supplemented and (solely for purposes of the Notes) amended by this Third Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Third Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. The provisions of this Third Supplemental Indenture shall supersede the provisions of the Base Indenture to the extent the Base Indenture is inconsistent herewith with respect to the Notes only. Section 13.02 Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company only and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee does not assume any responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Third Supplemental Indenture. All of the provisions contained in the Base Indenture in respect of the rights, powers, privileges, protections, duties and immunities of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of the Notes and of this Third Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like effect as if set forth herein in full. Section 13.03 Governing Law. This Third Supplemental Indenture and each Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under the internal laws of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of said State, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof. Section 13.04 Separability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Third Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Third Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes, but this Third Supplemental 

21 Indenture and the Notes shall be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein or therein. Section 13.05 Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Third Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Third Supplemental Indenture by electronic signature, or other electronic transmission (i.e. a pdf or tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. The exchange of copies of this Third Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by electronic signature, or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Third Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture and signature pages for all purposes. 

S-1 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. EXELON CORPORATION By: Name: Ryan Brown Title: Vice President and Treasurer THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to the Third Supplemental Indenture] 

S-1 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. EXELON CORPORATION By: Name: Title: THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to the Third Supplemental Indenture] 

Error! Unknown document property name. A-1 EXHIBIT A FORM OF 6.500% FIXED-TO-FIXED RESET RATE JUNIOR SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2055 [THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (OTHER THAN A TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY) MAY BE REGISTERED EXCEPT IN SUCH LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES.]* [UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF [CEDE & CO.] OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO [CEDE & CO.], ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY A PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, [CEDE & CO.], HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]* THE NOTES EVIDENCED HEREBY WILL BE ISSUED, AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED, ONLY IN DENOMINATIONS OF $2,000 AND ANY GREATER INTEGRAL MULTIPLE OF $1,000, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER, SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF NOTES IN A DENOMINATION OF NOTES IN A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN $2,000 SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE VOID AND OF NO LEGAL EFFECT WHATSOEVER EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. ANY SUCH TRANSFEREE SHALL BE DEEMED NOT TO BE THE HOLDER OF SUCH NOTES FOR ANY PURPOSE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RECEIPT OF PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF SUCH NOTES, AND SUCH TRANSFEREE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER IN SUCH NOTES. * Insert in Global Securities if applicable. * Insert in Global Securities. EXELON CORPORATION [Up to]* $[] 6.500% FIXED-TO-FIXED RESET RATE JUNIOR SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2055 Dated: February 19, 2025 NUMBER [ ] [CUSIP NO: []] ** 

A-2 Registered Holder: [ISIN NO: []] ** EXELON CORPORATION, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein referred to as the Company, which term includes any successor person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Registered Holder named above, the principal sum [of [] Dollars]*** [specified in the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Notes annexed hereto]* on March 15, 2055, (the Stated Maturity), and to pay (subject to deferral as set forth herein) interest thereon at the rate of 6.500% per annum, such interest to accrue from February 19, 2025 (the Original Issue Date), or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi- annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 in each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing September 15, 2025 (subject to the right of the Company to defer the payment of interest, but not beyond the Maturity Date, in accordance with the provisions set forth below), and on the Stated Maturity (i) from and including the Original Issue Date to but excluding March 15, 2035 (the First Reset Date), at the rate of 6.500% per annum and (ii) from and including the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period (as defined in the Indenture) at a rate per annum equal to the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate (as defined in the Indenture) as of the most recent Reset Interest Determination Date (as defined in the Indenture) plus a spread of 1.975%, to be reset on each Reset Date (as defined below), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment, provided that any principal hereof or (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable) premium, if any, or interest hereon which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the then-applicable interest rate on the Notes (as defined on the reverse hereof) of this series (as reset from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Notes of this series) from the respective dates such amounts are due until they are paid or made available for payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 360- day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not a Business Day (as defined in the Indenture)), as the case may be, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for on any Interest Payment Date will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date by virtue of having been * Insert in Global Securities. * Insert in Global Securities. ** Insert in Global Securities. *** Insert in Notes other than Global Securities. such Holder and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee (as defined on the reverse hereof), notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

A-3 If an Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or the Stated Maturity of the Notes or the date (if any) on which the Company is required to purchase the Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the applicable payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest shall accrue or be paid in respect of such delay. The payments of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Global Securities of such series shall be made by wire transfer to the Depositary or its nominee or to any successor depositary or nominee, whichever shall be the registered Holder of such Global Securities of such series from time to time. The indebtedness of the Company evidenced by this Note, including the principal hereof and interest hereon, is, to the extent and in the manner set forth in the Indenture, subordinate and junior in right of payment to the Companys obligations to Holders of Senior Indebtedness of the Company and each Holder of this Note, by acceptance hereof, agrees to and shall be bound by such provisions of the Indenture and all other provisions of the Indenture. Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Note and the provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and control. This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have authenticated by the manual signature or electronic signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent in accordance with the Indenture. 

A-4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EXELON CORPORATION has caused this instrument to be duly executed. EXELON CORPORATION By: Name: Title: 

A-5 TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities, of the series designated herein, referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee By: Authorized Signatory 

A-6 REVERSE OF NOTE This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities or the Notes), issued and to be issued pursuant to Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated as of June 17, 2014 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014 and the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2017 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented and amended by the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 1, 2025 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee of the Securities established thereby (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee for the Notes under the Indenture) (the Third Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, as it may be hereafter supplemented or amended from time to time, the Indenture). Reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders (the word Holder or Holders meaning the registered holder or registered holders) of the Notes. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof (the Notes) which is initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $1,000,000,000. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Indenture. The Notes are not subject to the operation of any sinking fund and, except as set forth in the Third Supplemental Indenture, are not repayable at the option of a Holder thereof prior to the Stated Maturity. In the case an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture, shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of all of the Notes may be declared, and upon such declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions provided in the Indenture. The Company will not pay any additional amounts to any Holder (or beneficial owner) in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge (including, without limitation, any taxes imposed pursuant to any Applicable Law). The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Notes by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all outstanding Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture, and contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount in certain instances of the outstanding Notes, to waive on behalf of all of the Holders of Notes, certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon 

A-7 the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes, at the time Outstanding shall have the right to direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee under the Indenture with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that, subject to Section 901 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee determines that the action so directed may not lawfully be taken, or if the Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, determine that the proceedings so directed would be illegal or involve it in personal liability or be unduly prejudicial to the rights of Holders of the Notes not parties to such direction; and provided, further, that nothing in the Indenture shall impair the right of the Trustee to take any action deemed proper by the Trustee and which is not inconsistent with such direction by the Holders of the Notes. The Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding, may waive any past default under the Indenture with respect to the Notes, except a default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Notes or in respect of a covenant or provision of the Indenture which under Article XII of the Base Indenture (as amended hereby) cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Note so affected. Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of the Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such waiver shall be deemed to be on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes. Section 812 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and any reference in the Base Indenture to such provision shall, for purposes of the Notes, be deemed to refer instead to the applicable provision in Section 2.09 of the Third Supplemental Indenture. Except in respect to an Optional Deferral Period, nothing contained in the Indenture is intended to or shall impair, as between the Company and the Holders of the Notes, the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay to such Holders the principal of and interest on such Notes when, where and as the same shall become due and payable, all in accordance with the terms of the Notes, or is intended to or shall affect the relative rights of such Holders and creditors of the Company other than the holders of the Senior Indebtedness of the Company, nor shall anything herein or therein prevent the Trustee or the Holder of any Note from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under the Indenture, subject to the rights, if any, under Article XV of the Base Indenture of the holders of Senior Indebtedness of the Company in respect of cash, property, or securities of the Company received upon the exercise of any such remedy. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Register of the Notes upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the offices maintained by the Company or its agent for such purpose, duly endorsed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Securities registrar duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, but without payment of any charge other than a sum sufficient to reimburse the Company for any tax or other 

A-8 governmental charge incident thereto. Upon any such registration of transfer, a new Note or Notes of authorized denomination or denominations for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the transferee in exchange herefor. No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. By acceptance of this Note or a beneficial interest in this Note, each Holder hereof and any Person acquiring a beneficial interest herein, for United States federal, state and local tax purposes, agrees to treat this Note as indebtedness of the Company, for United States federal, state and local tax purposes, and (b) in all events, not to take any position for U.S. federal, state or local income tax purposes that is inconsistent with or contrary to the above covenant unless required by law. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Company, the Trustee, and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may deem and treat the person in whose name this Note shall be registered upon the Register of the Notes of this series as the absolute owner of this Note (whether or not this Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal hereof and, subject to the provisions on the face hereof, interest due hereon and for all other purposes; and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or interest on this Note, or for any claim based hereon or otherwise in respect hereof, or based on or in respect of the Indenture, against any stockholder, officer, director or employee, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor person, either directly or through the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being, by the acceptance hereof and as a part of the consideration for the issue hereof, expressly waived and released. This Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of said State. 

A-9 ASSIGNMENT FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sell(s) and transfer(s) unto ______________________________________________________________________________ (please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee) ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ agent to transfer said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. Dated: ____________________________________ NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular without alteration or enlargement, or any change whatever. 

A-10 SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN THIS NOTE The initial principal amount of this Note is: $ Changes to Principal Amount of [Global] Note Date Principal Amount by which this Note is to be Decreased or Increased and the Reason for the Decrease or Increase Remaining Principal Amount of this Note Signature of Authorized Officer of Trustee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.01
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.01
<TEXT>
exc-20250218ex51

February 19, 2025 Exelon Corporation 10 South Dearborn Street 49th Floor Chicago, Illinois 60603-3005 RE: Issuance of $1,000,000,000 of Exelon Corporations 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as counsel to Exelon Corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $1,000,000,000 of its 6.500% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 (the Notes), covered by the Registration Statement on Form S-3, No. 333-266487 (as amended, the Registration Statement), filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 3, 2022 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Notes were issued under the terms of the Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities) dated as of June 17, 2014 (the Base Indenture) between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented and amended by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014 (the First Supplemental Indenture), the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2017 (the Second Supplemental Indenture), and the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2025 (the Third Supplemental Indenture and, together with the First Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture, and the Base Indenture, the Indenture), which Indenture is governed under the laws of the State of New York, and sold by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement dated February 13, 2025 among the Company, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of (i) the Registration Statement and all exhibits thereto, (ii) the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, and (iv) the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. We have also examined such corporate records and other agreements, documents and instruments, such certificates or comparable documents of public officials and officers and representatives of the Company, have made such inquiries of such officers and representatives and have considered such matters of law as we have deemed appropriate as the basis for the opinions hereinafter set forth. In delivering this opinion, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as certified, photostatic or conformed copies, the authenticity of originals of 

Exelon Corporation February 19, 2025 Page 2 all such latter documents, and the accuracy and completeness of all records, information and statements submitted to us by officers and representatives of the Company. In making our examination of documents executed by parties other than the Company, we have assumed that such parties had the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform all obligations thereunder and have also assumed the due authorization of all requisite action, corporate or other, and execution and delivery by such parties of such documents and the validity and binding effect thereof with respect to such parties. Based upon and subject to the limitations and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that: 1. The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly subsisting under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and 2. The Notes are legally issued and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms (except to the extent enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by the effect of general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). We express no opinion as to the law of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the State of New York and the federal laws of the United States. We hereby consent to the filing of this letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement, and to the use therein of this firms name therein under the caption Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission. Very truly yours, /s/ Ballard Spahr LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.01
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex81.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.01
<TEXT>
exc-20250218ex81

McGuireWoods February 19, 2025 Exelon Corporation 10 South Dearborn Street P.O. Box 805379 Chicago, Illinois 60680-5379 Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as United States federal income tax counsel for Exelon Corporation (the "Company") in connection with (i) the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266487) (the "Registration Statement"), which was filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), of certain securities of the Company, including debt securities, and (ii) the issuance by the Company of $1,000,000,000 6.5% Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 (the "Junior Subordinated Notes"), as described in the Company's Prospectus, dated May 1, 2024 (the "Prospectus") and Prospectus Supplement, dated February 13, 2025 (the "Prospectus Supplement"). The Registration Statement became effective on April 30, 2024. This opinion letter is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 16 of Form S-3 and Item 601(b)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Act. In rendering our opinion, we have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of (i) the Registration Statement, (ii) the Prospectus, (iii) the Prospectus Supplement, (iv) the Indenture as defined in the underwriting agreement relating to the offer and sale of the Junior Subordinated Notes (the "Underwriting Agreement"), (v) the Underwriting Agreement, and (vi) such other agreements and documents as we have deemed relevant and necessary, and we have made such investigations of law as we have deemed appropriate as a basis for the opinion expressed below. In our examination, we have assumed, with your permission, (i) the authenticity of original documents, (ii) the accuracy of copies and the genuineness of signatures, (iii) that the execution and delivery by each party to a document and the performance by such party of its obligations thereunder have been authorized by all necessary measures and do not violate or result in a breach of or default under such party's certificate or instrument of formation and by-laws or the laws of such party's jurisdiction of organization, (iv) that each agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof, (v) that the parties to each agreement have complied, and will comply, with all of their respective covenants, agreements and undertakings contained therein, (vi) that the transactions provided for by each agreement were and will be carried out in accordance with their terms, (vii) that the factual representations made to us by the Company in its officer's certificate dated as of the date hereof and delivered to us for purposes of this opinion (the "Officer's Certificate") are true, correct and complete and will be true, correct and complete at the time of closing of the offering and delivery of the Junior Subordinated Notes (as if made as of such time), and (viii) that any factual representations made in the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Officer's Certificate "to the best knowledge of," "in the belief of," or similarly qualified are true, correct and complete without such qualification. If any of the above described assumptions are untrue for any reason or if the issuance of the Junior Subordinated Notes is consummated in a manner that is inconsistent with the manner in which it is described in the Prospectus Supplement, our opinion as expressed below may be adversely affected and may not be relied upon. McGuireWoods LLP I www.mcguirewoods.com Atlanta I Austin I Baltimore I Charlotte I Charlottesville I Chicago I Dallas I Houston I Jacksonville I London I Los Angeles - Century City Los Angeles - Downtown I New York I Norfolk I Pittsburgh I Raleigh I Richmond I San Francisco I Tysons I Washington, D.C.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exc-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exc-20250219_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exc-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company [Member] 
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company [Member] 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Document Information, Document [Axis] 
Document Information, Document [Axis] 

Geographical [Axis] 
Geographical [Axis] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Document [Domain] 
Document [Domain] 

Potomac Electric Power Company [Member] 
Potomac Electric Power Company [Member] 
Potomac Electric Power Company [Member] 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

PECO Energy Co [Member] 
PECO Energy Co [Member] 
PECO Energy Co [Member] 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover page. 
Cover [Abstract] 

VIRGINIA 
VIRGINIA 

Legal Entity [Axis] 
Legal Entity [Axis] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Delmarva Power and Light Company [Member] 
Delmarva Power and Light Company [Member] 
Delmarva Power and Light Company [Member] 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Geographical [Domain] 
Geographical [Domain] 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pepco Holdings LLC [Member] 
Pepco Holdings LLC [Member] 
Pepco Holdings LLC [Member] 

Commonwealth Edison Co [Member] 
Commonwealth Edison Co [Member] 
Commonwealth Edison Co [Member] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Entity [Domain] 
Entity [Domain] 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

DELAWARE 
DELAWARE 

Atlantic City Electric Company [Member] 
Atlantic City Electric Company [Member] 
Atlantic City Electric Company [Member] 

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exc-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42035.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex42036.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex51001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex51002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex81001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>exc-20250218ex81002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>71
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>76
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>78
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>79
<FILENAME>exc-20250219ex11030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>81
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information Document

Feb. 19, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity File Number 001-16169

Entity Registrant Name EXELON CORPORATION

Entity Tax Identification Number 23-2990190

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code PA

Entity Address, Address Line One 10 South Dearborn Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two P.O. Box 805379

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60680-5379

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 483-3220

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, without par value

Trading Symbol EXC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Central Index Key 0001109357

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>82
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>83
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>84
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>86
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.exeloncorp.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

exc-20250219.htm 
exc-20250219.xsd 
exc-20250219_def.xml 
exc-20250219_lab.xml 
exc-20250219_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>89
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>90
<FILENAME>0001109357-25-000046-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>91
<FILENAME>exc-20250219_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001109357 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

PA 
10 South Dearborn Street 
P.O. Box 805379 
Chicago 
IL 
60680-5379 
(800) 
483-3220 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
0001109357 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 
001-16169 
EXELON CORPORATION 
23-2990190 
PA 
10 South Dearborn Street 
P.O. Box 805379 
Chicago 
IL 
60680-5379 
(800) 
483-3220 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, without par value 
EXC 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>