<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-000780.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-000780.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103161707
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-000780
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LQR House Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843165
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				661604197
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41778
		FILM NUMBER:		25506470

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6800 INDIAN CREEK DR. SUITE 1E
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 389-9771

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6800 INDIAN CREEK DR. SUITE 1E
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33141
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226681-8k_lqr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184316500018431652024-12-302024-12-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 30, 2024

LQR HOUSE INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41778 86-1604197

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

6800 Indian Creek Dr. Suite 1E

Miami Beach, Florida 33141

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(786) 389-9771

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share LQR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 30, 2024,
LQR House Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with various investors who are signatories thereto (Purchasers), pursuant to which the Purchasers acquired 636,400 shares
(the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) of the Company at a price of $0.55
per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $350,020.

The Purchase Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company and Purchasers and customary closing conditions, indemnification
rights, and other obligations of the parties. The Purchase Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The foregoing summary
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by forms of the Purchase Agreement a copy of which is attached hereto
as Exhibits 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is
incorporated hereby reference.

The Company issued the 636,400 Shares pursuant
to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), available
to the Company under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder due to the fact that the issuance did not involve a public
offering of securities.

In addition, on December 30, 2024, the Company
issued 4,352,727 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 10,909,090 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement (Lazar Purchase Agreement), dated October 15, 2024 by and between the Company and David E. Lazar, previously
disclosed in Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2024. The
issuance of such shares and warrants was to 18 purchasers who obtained the rights to the issuance of such securities pursuant to the assignment
of rights of a purchaser by David Lazar as provided for in the Lazar Purchase Agreement.

The Company issued such 4,352,727 shares of Common
Stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 10,909,090 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act available to the Company under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder due to the fact that the
issuance did not involve a public offering of securities.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrant dated December 30, 2024

10.1 Form of Purchase Agreement dated December 30, 2024

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LQR HOUSE INC.

Dated: January 3, 2025 By: /s/ Sean Dollinger

Name: Sean Dollinger

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022668101ex4-1_lqr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT DATED DECEMBER 30, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT)) AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION/EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

LQR
HOUSE INC.

Warrant Shares: [*] Initial Exercise Date: December 30, 2024

Issue Date: December 30, 2024

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [*] (the Holder) is entitled, upon
the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after December 30, 2024
(the Initial Exercise Date) and until the date which is five (5) years following the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from LQR House Inc., a company organized under the laws of the State
of Nevada (the Company), up to additional [*] shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company,
per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed (the Warrant
Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one Warrant Shares shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement by and between
the Company and David Lazar, dated October 15, 2024.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by electronic mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price (as defined in Section 2(b) herein) for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall, upon request of the Company, surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder
at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.55.

(c) Cashless
Exercise. At any time after Warrant Stockholder Approval this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by
means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the
quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date
on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless exercise, as set forth in the applicable Notice
of Exercise;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

The
term Warrant Stockholder Approval means the approval of the stockholders of the Company of the exercise of the Warrants
at its 2024 Annual Meeting or if not approved at such meeting, then such approval as occurs at any subsequent special or annual meeting
of the Companys stockholders. any special meeting held there.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

2

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink
Sheets published by Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices),
the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share
of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause its Transfer Agent to issue the Warrant Shares subject to such exercise by
physical delivery of a book entry statement showing such Warrant Shares registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the
number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise, to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period, in each case after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date),
provided, that the Company shall not be obligated to deliver the Warrant Shares hereunder unless the Company has received the aggregate
Exercise Price on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Warrant Shares represented by the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have
been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such
Warrant Shares represented by the Warrant Shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the
date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice
of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

3

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall
be required to return any Warrant Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to Holder of the aggregate
Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares
pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Depositary to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i)
above on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Warrant Shares to deliver in satisfaction of
a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant
and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and
delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Warrant Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrant Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation
of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company with written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

(v) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or Warrant Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to
any fraction of a share of Common Stock which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant shall be surrendered
for exercise and accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder, and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Holder shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares, if any. The Company shall pay
all applicable fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent in connection with the issuance of the Warrant Shares hereunder.

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner that prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) [Reserved]

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Share
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding and until this Warrant is exercised in full, pays
a share dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities
payable in Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), as applicable, (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Stock into a larger number of shares, as applicable, or (iii) issues
by reclassification of Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of the Company, as applicable, then in each case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Stock, as applicable, (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock, as applicable,
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

5

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time until this Warrant is exercised in
full, the Company grants, issues or sells any rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding until this Warrant is exercised in full, if the Company shall
declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution; provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent),
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or
completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the
Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

6

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock are effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Shares that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of capital stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of
a number of Common Stock equal to the amount of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the
determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock, as applicable, in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall
apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be
received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

7

(e) Adjustment
Upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Issuance Date and prior to April 15, 2025 (the Applicable
Period), the Company issues, sells or delivers, or in accordance with this Section 3 is deemed to have issued, sold or delivered,
any Common Stock (including the issuance, sale or delivery of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of the Company, but excluding
any Excluded Securities issued or sold or deemed to have been issued, sold or delivered) for a consideration per Warrant Share less than
a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance, sale or delivery or deemed issuance, sale or delivery
(such Exercise Price , as the case may be, then in effect is referred to as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive
Issuance), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to the New Issuance
Price (as defined in Section 10).

For all purposes
of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Exercise Price and consideration per share under this Section
3(e)), the following shall be applicable:

(i) Issuance of
Options. If the Company grants or sells any Options (other than Options that qualify as Excluded Securities) during the Applicable
Period and the lowest price per share for which one Warrant Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option is less than the Applicable Price, then such
Warrant Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold or delivered by the Company at the time of the granting
or sale of such Option for the New Issuance Price. For purposes of this Section 3(e)(i), the lowest price per share for which one
Warrant Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities
issuable upon exercise of any such Option shall be equal to (1) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received
or receivable by the Company with respect to any one Warrant Share upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option
and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option minus (2) the sum of all amounts
paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other person or entity) upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of
such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option plus the value
of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other person or entity).
Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock
or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such Options or upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

8

(ii) Issuance of
Convertible Securities. If the Company issues or sells any Convertible Securities (other than Convertible Securities that qualify
as Excluded Securities) during the Applicable Period and the lowest price per share for which one Warrant Share is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such Warrant Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have
been issued and sold or delivered by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for the New Issuance
Price. For the purposes of this Section 4.4(ii), the lowest price per share for which one Warrant Share is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable
by the Company with respect to one Warrant Share upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible Security and upon conversion, exercise or
exchange of such Convertible Security minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or
any other person or entity) upon the issuance or sale of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received
or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other person or entity). Except as contemplated
below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion, exercise
or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise of any
Options for which adjustment of Warrants has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 4.4, except as contemplated
below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issue, sale or delivery.

(iii) Change in
Option Price. If during the Applicable Period the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities or the rate at which any Convertible Securities
are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock increases or decreases at any time, the Exercise Price in effect
at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such
revised terms been in effect. For purposes of this Section 4.4(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding
as of the original issuance of the Warrants are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence,
then such Option or Convertible Security and the Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed
to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(e) shall be made if such adjustment
would result in an increase in the Exercise Price, then in effect.

9

(f)
Other Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of Section 3(a), 3(b) or 3(c) but not expressly provided
for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, Adjustment Rights, phantom stock rights
or other rights with equity features to all holders of Common Stock for no consideration), then the Company's Board of Directors will,
at its discretion and in good faith, make an adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares or designate such additional
consideration to be deemed issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, so as to protect the rights of the registered Holder. No adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made pursuant to more than one sub-section of this Section 4 in connection with a single issuance.

(g) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest U.S.A cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share of Common Stock, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock, as applicable, deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock, as applicable, (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued
and outstanding.

(h) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares
of Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock,
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the shares of Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock are converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its
last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to
the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the shares of Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set
forth herein.

10

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to applicable laws, including applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or
in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment
of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney-in-fact and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this
Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within two (2)
Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant,
if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new
Warrant issued.

(b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney-in-fact. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

11

(c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

(d) The
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Company or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion
of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect
that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such
shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144) or other applicable exemption
or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Holder who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 4 and who is an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)). Subject to the removal provisions set forth below, until
such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date
that can then be immediately sold, each certificate or other record for shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:

THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT)) AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY
AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION/EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES
ACT.

12

The legend set forth above
shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a new certificate or other record therefore free of any transfer legend if
(i) the Company or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of
counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration
under the Act, which opinion shall be reasonably accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected or (ii) in the case
of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration
statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to
the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. Without prejudice to any adjustment provisions which are expressly set
forth in Section 3, it is clarified that and understood by the Holder this Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). In no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

13

(d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares and underlying Common Stock upon the exercise of any purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are
charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the applicable Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.
The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect
of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

14

(e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the Nevada. Each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Nevada for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an
action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies hereunder or under applicable law or in equity.
Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at LQR House Inc. Attn: Sean Dollinger, 6800 Indian Creek Dr. Suite 1E, Miami Beach, FL 33141, E-mail:
sean@lqrhouse.com, or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to
the Holder. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at
the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S.
nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

15

(i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company or otherwise.

(j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

(m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

Section 6. Certain Definitions.

16

As used herein, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

(i) Adjustment Right means
any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect to, any issuance, sale or delivery (or deemed
issuance, sale or delivery in accordance with Section 3) of shares of Common Stock (other than rights of the type described in Sections
3(a) through 3(d) hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection with, or with
respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar rights) but excluding
anti-dilution and other similar rights (including pursuant to Section 3(e) of this Agreement).

(ii) Approved Stock Plan
means any employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior to or subsequent to the date hereof
pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and options to purchase shares of Common Stock may be issued to any employee, consultant, officer
or director or other service provider for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

(iii) Convertible Securities
means any notes, rights, warrants or other securities (other than Options) that are at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

(iv). Excluded Securities
means (1) shares of Common Stock or options or other rights to purchase shares of Common Stock or other awards issued to directors,
officers, employees, consultants or other service providers of the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan,
provided that (A) all such issuances (taking into account the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options) after the
date hereof pursuant to this clause (i) do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than 15% of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the date hereof and (B) the exercise price of any such options is not lowered, none of such options are amended to
increase the number of shares issuable thereunder in each case other than pursuant to the terms hereof (including any anti-dilution provisions
contained therein) and none of the terms or conditions of any such options are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely
affects any of the holders of Warrants; (2) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities (other
than options or other rights to purchase shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i)
above) issued prior to the date hereof, provided that the conversion price of any such Convertible Securities (other than options or other
rights to purchase shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (1) above) is not lowered
through the amendment or waiver of such Convertible Security, none of such Convertible Securities (other than options or other rights
to purchase shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (1) above) are amended to increase
the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible Securities (other than options or
other rights to purchase shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (1) above) are otherwise
materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the holders of Warrants; (3) shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants; (4) securities issuable in connection with strategic license agreements, other partnering arrangements or acquisitions
or mergers where the purchaser or acquirer of the securities in such issuance solely consists of (A) either (x) the actual participants
in such strategic license, strategic alliance, strategic partnership or other partnering arrangements, (y) the actual owners of such assets
or securities acquired in such acquisition or merger or (z) the stockholders, partners or members of the foregoing persons or entities
and (B) number or amount of securities issued to such person or entity by the Company shall not be disproportionate (as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company) to either (x) the fair market value of such persons or entitys actual
contribution to such strategic alliance or strategic partnership or (y) the proportional ownership of such assets or securities to be
acquired by the Company, as applicable; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such purchaser or acquirer of the securities in
such issuance shall not include any person regularly engaged in the business of buying or selling securities and (5) shares of Common
Stock sold through the Companys at-the-market sales facility, the shares of which are registered on the Companys Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-282118), if such issuance is an Exempt Issuance or following receipt by the Company of the Purchasers
written consent to such sales.

17

(v) New Issuance Price means
a price (calculated to the nearest cent) determined in accordance with the following formula:

EP2 = EP1* (A + B) 
(A + C).

For purposes of the foregoing formula, the following
definitions shall apply:

(a) EP2 shall mean the adjusted Exercise Price;

(b) EP1 shall mean the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance of shares
of Common Stock;

(c) A shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
issue of additional shares of Common Stock including the issuance, sale or delivery of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for
the account of the Company, (treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options outstanding
immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities outstanding (assuming exercise of any outstanding
Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

(d) B shall mean the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if such additional
shares of Common Stock had been issued at an Exercise Price equal to EP1 (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received
by the Company in respect of such issue by EP1); and

(e) C shall mean the number of such additional shares of Common Stock issued in such transaction.

(vi) Options means any rights,
warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(vii) Trading Day means any
day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded on the Trading Market, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal trading market
for the shares of Common Stock , then on the principal securities exchange or securities market in the United States on which the shares
of Common Stock are then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the shares of Common Stock
are scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the shares of Common Stock are suspended from
trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing
time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00 P.M., New York City time).

(x) Trading Market means
NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange, or the
over-the counter quotation system.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

LQR HOUSE INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: LQR
House Inc.

[TRANSFER
aGENT]

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
in the form of lawful money of the United States has been delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(3) Please register and issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: _______________________________

(4) The time of day this Notice of Exercise is being executed is:

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this
Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority
to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022668101ex10-1_lqr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 30, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is entered into and made effective as of December 30, 2024, by and between LQR House Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company), and the purchasers identified on the signature pages hereto (each a Purchaser).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated
under the Securities Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers desire to purchase
from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchasers agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee, or
any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date
means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto pursuant
to Section 2.1 and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amounts and (ii) the
Companys obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived; provided, however, that
the Closing Date shall be no later than one (1) Trading Day after the date of introduction to that certain person identified on Annex
A.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Stock Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Common Stock hereunder by such Purchaser as specified
below the such Purchasers name one of the signature pages of this Agreement in United States dollars and in immediately available
funds.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Company Counsel
means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st floor, New York, NY 10036.

Disclosure Schedules
means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disqualification Event
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA means
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

GAAP shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Hazardous Materials
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual Property
Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer Covered Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

IT Systems and Data
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(gg).

Legend Removal Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens means
a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

2

Material Adverse Effect
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money Laundering Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

OFAC shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation, or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6.

Purchaser Representative
means R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Subscription Amount
means the Common Stock Subscription Amount in accordance with Section 2.1 herein.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means Vstock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, New York 11598,
and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

3

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers agrees
to purchase, an aggregate of six hundred thirty six thousand four hundred (636,400) shares of Common Stock at a price equal to fifty five
cents ($0.55) per share. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to the Purchasers
Common Stock Subscription Amount executed by the Purchaser and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a number of Shares as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable
at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur
at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree or take place remotely by electronic transfer
of the Closing documentation.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchasers the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel as to the good standing of the Company and the validity of the Shares;

(iii) the
Companys wire instructions; and

(iv) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver a statement to each Purchaser evidencing
the number of Shares set forth on such Purchasers signature page to this Agreement, registered in the name of the Purchaser, or,
at the election of the Purchaser, evidence of the issuance of the Purchasers Shares hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by
the Transfer Agent and registered in the name of the Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchasers required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchasers of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

4

(b) The
respective obligations of each Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchasers:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in its SEC Reports, including the equity ownership of each Subsidiary.
The Company owns, directly or indirectly, the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens,
and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable,
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

5

(b) Organization and
Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity, or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting, or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit, or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not
and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws, or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution, or similar adjustments, acceleration, or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt, or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset
of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree, or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset
of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

6

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization, or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.3 of this Agreement; and (ii) the filing of the Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required
to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

(g) [Reserved].

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements, and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
(2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the
Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

7

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence, or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed, or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock, and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event,
liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence, or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets, or financial condition that
would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made
that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding, or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary, or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental, or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity, or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject
of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure, or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms, and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan, or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority,
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance, or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state, and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality,
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and the Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local, and foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface, or
subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases, or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of
any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii), and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and the Subsidiaries expressly do not
make any representations regarding this representation on behalf of any of the vendors or manufacturers of the Companys
products.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations, and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local, or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit. The Company and the Subsidiaries expressly do not make any representations regarding this representation on behalf
of any of the vendors or manufacturers of the Companys products.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state, or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

9

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses, and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement
except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received,
since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has
any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably
be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable
and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality, and value of all of their intellectual properties, except
where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude it from having valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights.
The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights
that are necessary to conduct its business.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, none of the officers
or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement, or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or
from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000
other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the
Company, (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company and (iv) the settlement
agreements entered into by certain officers and directors of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Securities
Purchase Agreement dated as of October 15, 2024, between the Company and David Lazar.

10

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company is in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that
are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company maintains a system
of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company presented in its most recently filed annual report under
the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the internal accounting controls. The Company has
established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries
and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the
Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based
on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date.

(t) Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor, or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank, or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or
on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The
issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

11

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or be
an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken
no action designed to terminate, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all listing
and maintenance requirements of the Trading Market applicable to it. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or
on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses, and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date
of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and
when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that none of the Purchasers make nor has made any representations or warranties
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(y) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

12

(z) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that
will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities)
as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted
and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted
by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the
Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated
uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid.
The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe
that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one (1) year
from the Closing Date. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money
or amounts owed in excess of $200,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties,
endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected
in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for
deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess
of $200,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default
with respect to any Indebtedness.

(aa) Tax Status. Except
for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state, and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports, and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports, and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports, or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(bb) No General Solicitation.
Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Shares by any form of general solicitation
or general advertising, nor has the Company or any Person acting on behalf of the Company engaged in any directed selling efforts (within
the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) with respect to the Shares. The Company has offered the Shares for sale only to
the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and to non-U.S.
persons within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act while complying with the offering restriction requirements of Regulation
S.

13

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any director of officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company
or any Subsidiary, any agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly,
used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment, or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity,
(ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any
person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any
provision of FCPA.

(dd) Acknowledgment Regarding
Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity
of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further
acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect
to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of its representatives
or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to such Purchasers
purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to the Purchasers that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the
Company and its representatives.

(ee) Regulation M Compliance. 
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause
or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any
of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Shares, or (iii) paid
or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(ff) Cybersecurity. 
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors, and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules, and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies, and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation, or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

14

(gg) Stock Option Plans.
Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plans was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of
the Companys respective stock option plan; and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(hh) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any agent, employee, or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ii) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon any Purchasers request.

(jj) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(kk) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of
the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating
in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered
Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under
the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3).
The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company
has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to each Purchaser a copy
of any disclosures provided thereunder.

15

(ll) Other Covered Persons.
The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration
for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to
the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing, and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company,
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company, or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Own
Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Shares are restricted securities and have not been registered under the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Shares as principal for his, her, or its own account and not
with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution
of such Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder
in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. Such Purchaser is either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or (iii) not
a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act and is not within the United States and is
purchasing the Shares in an offshore transaction as defined in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of the Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication, and experience
in business and financial matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Shares, and
has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

16

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice, or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement,
nor is such Purchaser, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Shares as a result of any directed selling efforts
as defined in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that he, she, or it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares
and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management, and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. 

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend, or affect such Purchasers right to
rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained
in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in
this paragraph shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in
order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

17

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Shares other than
pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company, to an Affiliate of a Purchaser, in accordance with Regulation
S, or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide
to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which
opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred
Shares under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Shares in the following
form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares pursuant
to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall
cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal
of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. The Company agrees that, at such time as such legend is no longer
required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer
Agent of a certificate representing Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal
Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchasers certificates representing such shares that is free from all restrictive
and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions
on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the
Transfer Agent to the Purchasers by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System
as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of
delivery of a certificate representing Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

18

4.2 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. If required by law, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents
as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. The Company and the Purchasers shall consult with
each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Purchasers
shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect
to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Purchaser Representative, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.

4.4 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement), or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Shares under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.5 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide the Purchaser or his, her, or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt
of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms
that the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, or Affiliates delivers any material,
non-public information to a Purchaser without the Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Purchaser
shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates, or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates,
or agents, including, without limitation, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the
Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery
of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that
the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

19

4.6 Indemnification
of the Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.6, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchasers and any
of their directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners, or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs, and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs, and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any the Purchaser Party may suffer or incur
as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements made by the Company in
this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any
of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of the Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of the
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties, or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
the Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by the Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or
any conduct by the Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct).
If any action shall be brought against the Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, the
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. The Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of
the Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii)
the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is,
in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of
the Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate
counsel. The Company will not be liable to the Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected
without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only
to the extent that a loss, claim, damage, or liability is attributable to the Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants, or agreements made by the Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or
defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of
action or similar right of the Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant
to law.

20

4.7 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to
any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during
the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3. Each Purchaser covenants
that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial
press release as described in Section 4.3, the Purchasers will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this
transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any
transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3 and
(iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, after the issuance of the initial press
release as described in Section 4.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment
vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have
no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets,
the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment
decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement.

4.8 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. If required by law, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with the Commission with respect to the Shares
as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of the Purchaser Representative. The Company shall
take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Shares
for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States,
and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of the Purchaser Representative.

21

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by with respect to any Purchaser by written notice to the Company or by the Company with written
notice to the Purchaser Representative, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day
following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for
any breach by the other party.

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants, and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees, stamp taxes, and other
taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the fourth (4th) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented, or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any
such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition, or requirement of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition,
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon the Purchasers and holder of
Shares and the Company.

22

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of their rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Shares, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to such Purchaser.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

5.9 Governing
Law and Dispute Resolution. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction
Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be determined by arbitration
administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its International Arbitration Rules. The seat of the
arbitration shall be the City of New York, and the language of the Proceedings shall be English. Each party hereby consents to arbitration
demands and similar documents relating to the arbitration Proceeding being served or delivered by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or express courier (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such delivery shall constitute good and sufficient notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in
any way any right to serve a demand or deliver any notice in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an arbitration
Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10,
the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

23

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant, or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void, or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant, or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void, or
unenforceable.

5.13 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.14 Construction.
The parties hereto agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction
Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations, and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.15 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY IN THE EVENT THAT
THE CHOICE OF ARBITRATION IN SECTION 5.9 HEREOF IS DISALLOWED OR NOT ENFORCED FOR ANY REASON, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY,
TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL
BY JURY.

[Signature pages follow]

24

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

COMPANY

LQR HOUSE, INC

By: 

Name: Sean Dollinger

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Securities
Purchase Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Number of Shares to be Purchased at the Closing:

Purchase Price: $

Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES

Schedule 3.1(i)

The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
investigation described in the SECs letter to LQR, Inc. dated August 15, 2024 and attached Subpoena.

Schedule 3.1(j)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>yhc-20241230.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>yhc-20241230_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>yhc-20241230_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 30, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 30, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41778

Entity Registrant Name LQR HOUSE INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001843165

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1604197

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 6800 Indian Creek Dr. Suite 1E

Entity Address, City or Town Miami Beach

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33141

City Area Code 786

Local Phone Number 389-9771

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol LQR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://lqrhouse.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226681-8k_lqr.htm 
yhc-20241230.xsd 
yhc-20241230_lab.xml 
yhc-20241230_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-000780-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0226681-8k_lqr_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001843165 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001843165 
8-K 
2024-12-30 
LQR HOUSE INC. 
NV 
001-41778 
86-1604197 
6800 Indian Creek Dr. Suite 1E 
Miami Beach 
FL 
33141 
786 
389-9771 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
LQR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>