<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002826.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002826.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117171520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002826
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GIFTIFY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760233
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				452482974
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42206
		FILM NUMBER:		25539588

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5880 LIVE OAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30093
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-948-0716

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5880 LIVE OAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30093

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RDE, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200820

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	uBid Holdings, Inc./New
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Incumaker, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000176023300017602332025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 15, 2025

GIFTIFY,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42206 45-2482974

(State
of other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

1100
Woodfield Road, Suite 510

Schaumburg,
IL 60173

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (773)272-5000

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock GIFT The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 15, 2025, Giftify Inc. (the Company) entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the PAA) with Craft
Capital Management LLC (Craft Capital), as Placement Agent, to issue and sell 600,000 shares (the Shares)
of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (Common Stock), at a purchase price of $1.00 per Share.
The Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282322), that was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2024, on a best efforts basis (the Offering). The offer
and sale of the Shares in the Offering are described in the Companys prospectus constituting a part of the Registration Statement,
as supplemented by a final prospectus supplement dated January 15, 2025.

The
PAA contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company, customary conditions to closing, obligations of the
parties and termination provisions.

Under
the terms of the PAA, Ketan Thakker, its President and CEO, agreed to a 30-day lock-up period with respect to sales of
specified securities, subject to certain exceptions.

The
foregoing description of the PAA is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of the PAA,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

CM
Law PLLC, counsel to the Company, has issued an opinion to the Company with respect to the validity of the Shares to be issued and sold
in the Offering, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On
January 16, 2025, the Company closed the Offering. The Company sold 600,000
Shares for total gross proceeds of $600,000. After deducting the Placement Agent fee and offering expenses payable
by the Company, the Company received net proceeds of $483,000.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On
January 15, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had initiated the Offering and that it had priced the
Offering. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Placement
Agency Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, between Giftify, Inc. and Craft Capital Management LLC

5.1 Opinion of CM Law PLLC

99.1 Press release dated January 15, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

- 2 -

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 17, 2025 GIFTIFY,
Inc.

By: /s/
Ketan Thakker

Ketan
Thakker

President
and CEO

- 3 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

January
15, 2025

Giftify,
Inc.

1100
Woodfield Road, Suite 510

Schaumburg,
IL

Attention:
Steve Handy, Chief Financial Officer

Dear
Mr. Handy:

This
agreement (the Agreement) constitutes the agreement between Craft Capital Management LLC (the Placement
Agent or Craft) and Giftify, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Delaware (the Company),
pursuant to which the Placement Agent shall serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts
basis, in connection with the proposed placement (the Placement) of up to [*] shares of registered Common Stock
(the Shares) of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock or the Securities)
at a public offering price as set forth on Schedule I attached to this Agreement. The terms of the Placement and the Securities
shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers)
and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent would have the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser or an
obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placement. This Agreement and the documents executed and delivered
by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the Placement, are collectively referred to as the Transaction Documents.
The date of the closing of the Placement shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly
acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the
execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the
successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other
financing on behalf of the Company. With the prior written consent of the Company, the Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers
to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement.).

SECTION 1.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. Representations
of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that:

1. The
Company has prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration
statement on Form S-3, as amended (Registration No. 333-282322), and amendments thereto, and related preliminary prospectuses, for the
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Securities which registration
statement, as so amended (including post-effective amendments, if any) became effective on October 15, 2024. At the time of such filing,
the Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. Such registration statement meets the requirements set forth in
Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act and complies with said Rule. The Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated
thereunder, a supplement to the form of prospectus included in such registration statement relating to the placement of the Securities
and the plan of distribution thereof and has advised the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect
to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration statement, including the exhibits thereto, as amended at the date
of this Agreement, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears
in the Registration Statement is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the supplemented form of prospectus,
in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented)
is hereinafter called the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein
(the Incorporated Documents) which were filed under the Exchange Act on or before the date of this Agreement, or
the issue date of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms
amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date
of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained,
included, described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include
all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending
or has been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, free
writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act and the Time of Sale Prospectus
means the preliminary prospectus, if any, together with the free writing prospectuses, if any, used in connection with the Placement,
including any documents incorporated by reference therein.

1

2. The
Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by
the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied
in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not and, as amended
or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended
or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange
Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated
Documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus
or Prospectus Supplement, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date
thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be
filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated
hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period.
There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or Prospectus
Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which (x) have not been described or filed as required
or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period.

3. The
Company is eligible to use free writing prospectuses in connection with the Placement pursuant to Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities
Act. Any free writing prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will
be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder. Each free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under
the Securities Act or that was prepared by or behalf of or used by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. The Company will not, without
the prior consent of the Placement Agent, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

2

4. There
are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
ten percent (10.0%) or greater shareholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the other documents
the Company has filed or furnished with the Commission.

B. Covenants
of the Company. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Placement Agent materially complete
conformed copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof,
and conformed copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, as amended or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as the Placement Agent reasonably requests. Neither the
Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering
material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities pursuant to the Placement other than the Base Prospectus, the Time
of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein
and any other materials permitted by the Securities Act.

SECTION 2.REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing
of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the states
applicable to the offers and sales of the Securities by such Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a body corporate validly existing under
the laws of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as such. The Placement Agent covenants
that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and
the requirements of applicable law.

SECTION 3.COMPENSATION. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent or
their respective designees their pro rata portion (based on the Securities placed) of the following compensation with respect to the
Securities which they are placing:

A. A
cash fee (the Cash Fee) equal to an aggregate of seven percent (7%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the
Placement. The Cash Fee shall be paid at the closing of the Placement (the Closing).

B. Subject
to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), the Company also agrees, in the event that the Company consummates the Placement, to pay,
or reimburse if paid by the Placement Agent, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incident to the Placement
and the performance of the obligations of the Placement Agent under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses
of the Placement Agents outside attorneys), provided that, such costs and expenses shall not exceed $75,000 without the Companys
prior written approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Company will pay or reimburse Placement
Agent directly upon the Closing of the Placement from the gross proceeds raised in the Placement for all amounts owed under the preceding
sentence. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Company does not consummate the Placement at the election of the Placement
Agent or the Purchasers, the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse the Placement Agent for any costs and expenses.

C. The
Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of its compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event
that a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that such Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA
rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION 4.INDEMNIFICATION. The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth in the Indemnification Provisions
(the Indemnification) attached hereto as Exhibit B, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference
and shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

3

SECTION 5.ENGAGEMENT TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder shall be until the earlier of (i) the final closing date
of the Placement and (ii) the date when either party to this Agreement terminates the engagement according to the terms as set forth
in the next sentence (such date, the Termination Date). The Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party
upon 10 days written notice to the other party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning
confidentiality, indemnification, contribution and the Companys obligations to pay fees and reimburse expenses contained herein
and the Companys obligations contained in the Indemnification Provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement
for twelve (12) months, irrespective of whether a closing occurs. All such fees and reimbursements due shall be paid to the Placement
Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees and reimbursements are earned or owed as of the Termination Date) or
upon the closing of the Placement or any applicable portion thereof (in the event such fees and reimbursements are due as of the Termination
Date). The Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to them by the Company for
any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

SECTION 6.PLACEMENT AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection
with this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required
by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents
prior written consent.

SECTION 7.STANDSTILL. LOCK-UP AGREEMENT.

(a) Standstill.
From the date hereof until 30 days after the Closing Date (the Standstill Period),
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto.. For avoidance
of doubt, during the Standstill Period the Company shall not sell any securities pursuant
to an at-the-market agreement.

(b) Lock-up
Agreement. The Companys chief executive officer, Ketan Thakker, shall enter into
a customary lock-up agreement, in a form enclosed hereto as Exhibit A,
in favor of the Placement Agent pursuant to which such persons and entities shall agree,
for a period of thirty (30) days after the final closing of the Placement, that they shall
not offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase
any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or
otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of
the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock of the Company, subject to customary exceptions.

SECTION 8.NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any
person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification Provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities
to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of such Placement
Agent hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 9.CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Securities hereunder are subject to the
accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company and its subsidiaries contained
herein, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof,
to the performance by the Company and its subsidiaries of their obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms
and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent to the Company:

A. No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been initiated or threatened by the Commission, and any request for additional information on the part of the Commission (to be
included in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or otherwise) shall have been complied with to
the reasonable satisfaction of the Placement Agent. Any filings required to be made by the Company in connection with the Placement shall
have been timely filed with the Commission.

B. The
Placement Agent shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date that the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in
the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Placement Agent, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the reasonable opinion of
such counsel, is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

4

C. All
corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Shares, the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and all other legal matters relating to this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Placement
Agent, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably request to enable
them to pass upon such matters.

D. The
Placement Agent shall have received from outside counsel to the Company such counsels written opinions, including a negative assurance
letter, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent.

E. On
the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate from the Chief Financial Officer of the Company as of such date,
addressed to each of the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent and Placement
Agents counsel.

F. On
the Closing Date, Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or other authorized officer of the
Company, dated, as applicable, as of the date of such Closing, to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the applicable
date, the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein and are accurate in all material respects, except for such changes
as are contemplated by this Agreement and except as to representations and warranties that were expressly limited to a state of facts
existing at a time prior to the applicable Closing Date, and that, as of the applicable date, the obligations to be performed by the
Company hereunder on or prior thereto have been fully performed in all material respects.

G. On
the Closing Date, Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the date of such Closing,
certifying to the organizational documents, good standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company and board resolutions relating
to the Placement of the Securities from the Company.

H. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (i) shall have sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements included or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, any loss or interference
with its business from fire, explosion, flood, terrorist act or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor
dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, (ii) since such date there shall not have been any change in the capital stock or
long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting
the business, general affairs, management, financial position, shareholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the
Company and its subsidiaries, otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the
Prospectus Supplement, and (iii) since such date there shall not have been any new or renewed inquiries by the Commission, FINRA or any
other regulatory body regarding the Company, the effect of which, in any such case described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii), is, in the
judgment of the Placement Agent, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery
of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Base Prospectus, Time of Sale Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement.

I. The
Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act and, as of the Closing Date and the Shares shall be listed and admitted and authorized
for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Trading Market) or other applicable U.S. national exchange, or an
application for such listing shall have been submitted to the Trading Market, and satisfactory evidence of such action shall have been
provided to the Placement Agent. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of terminating the
registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market
or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor, except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, Time of Sale Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement,
has the Company received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange
is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

5

J. No
action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect
or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other
nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the
issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations
of the Company.

K. The
Company shall have prepared and filed with the Commission a Form 8-K with respect to the Placement, including as an exhibit thereto this
Agreement.

L. FINRA
shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition, the Company
shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys behalf,
any filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the Placement and pay all filing
fees required in connection therewith.

M. Prior
to the Closing Date, Placement Agent shall have received signed Lock-Up Agreements, addressed to the Placement Agent by the Companys
chief executive officer.

N. Prior
to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents as
the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

If
any of the conditions specified in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or if any of
the certificates, opinions, written statements or letters furnished to the Placement Agent or to Placement Agents counsel pursuant
to this Section 9 shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and to Placement Agents counsel,
all obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the consummation
of the Closing. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed
promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION 10.[RESERVED]

SECTION 11.GOVERNING LAW; AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS, ETC. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to the conflicts
of laws principles thereof. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith
is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the federal court
located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect
of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The Company agrees that
a final judgment in any such action, proceeding or counterclaim brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company
and may be enforced in any other courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. If
either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in
such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. In addition to and without limiting the foregoing,
the Company has confirms that it has appointed [*], as its authorized agent (the Authorized Agent) upon whom
process may be served in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the this Agreement or the Transaction Documents
or the transactions contemplated herein which may be instituted in any New York federal or state court, by the Placement Agent, the directors,
officers, partners, members, managers, employees and agents of the Placement Agent, and expressly accept the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of any such court in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding. The Company hereby represents and warrants that the Authorized Agent
has accepted such appointment and has agreed to act as said agent for service of process, and the Company agrees to take any and all
action, including the filing of any and all documents that may be necessary to continue such appointment in full force and effect as
aforesaid. The Company hereby authorizes and directs the Authorized Agent to accept such service. Service of process upon the Authorized
Agent shall be deemed, in every respect, effective service of process upon the Company. If the Authorized Agent shall cease to act as
agent for service of process, the Company shall appoint, without unreasonable delay, another such agent in the United States, and notify
you of such appointment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action arising out of or based upon this Agreement may be instituted by the
Placement Agent, the directors, officers, partners, members, managers, employees and agents of the Placement Agent, in any court of competent
jurisdiction in the State of New York. This paragraph shall survive any termination of this Agreement, in whole or in part.

6

SECTION 12.ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification Provisions) embodies the entire agreement
and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter
hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect
such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement
may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both Placement Agent and the Company.
The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the closing of the Placement and delivery of
the Securities. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

SECTION 13.CONFIDENTIALITY. The Placement Agent (i) will keep the Confidential Information (as such term is defined below) confidential
and will not (except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, regulation or legal process (Legal Requirement),
without the Companys prior written consent, disclose to any person any Confidential Information, and (ii) will not use any Confidential
Information other than in connection with the Placement. The Placement Agent further agrees, severally and not jointly, to disclose the
Confidential Information only to its Representatives (as such term is defined below) who need to know the Confidential Information for
the purpose of the Placement, and who are informed by the Placement Agent of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information.
The term Confidential Information shall mean, all confidential, proprietary and non-public information (whether
written, oral or electronic communications) furnished by the Company to a Placement Agent or its Representatives in connection with such
Placement Agents evaluation of the Placement. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include
information which (i) is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a disclosure by a Placement Agent or its Representatives
in violation of this Agreement, (ii) is or becomes available to a Placement Agent or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential
basis from a third-party who, to the Placement Agents and its Representatives knowledge, as applicable, is not bound by
obligations of confidentiality to the Company with respect to such information, (iii) is known to a Placement Agent or any of its Representatives
prior to disclosure by the Company or any of its Representatives from a source not bound by obligations of confidentiality to the Company
with respect to such information, or (iv) is or has been independently developed by a Placement Agent and/or the Representatives without
use of any Confidential Information furnished to it by the Company. The term Representatives shall mean the Placement Agents
directors, board committees, officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys and accountants. This provision shall be in full force
until the earlier of (a) the date that the Confidential Information ceases to be confidential and (b) two years from the date hereof.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, in the event that the Placement Agent or any of their respective Representatives are required by
Legal Requirement to disclose any of the Confidential Information, such Placement Agent and their respective Representatives will notify
the Company in writing, as promptly as practicable, prior to disclosure of such information, and furnish only that portion of the Confidential
Information which such Placement Agent or their respective Representative, as applicable, is required to disclose by Legal Requirement
as advised by counsel, and will use reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the
Confidential Information so disclosed.

SECTION 14.NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is
sent to the email address specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day,
(b) the next business day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature
pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third
business day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the
signature pages hereto.

SECTION 15.PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, from and after any public announcement of the Closing,
have the right to reference the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents
marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its
own expense.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

7

Please
confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to Craft the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very
truly yours,

Craft
Capital Management LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address
for notice:

377
Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden
City, NY 11530

Attention: Stephen
Kiront, Chief Operating Officer

Email: 

Accepted
and Agreed to as of 

the
date first written above: 

Giftify,
Inc. 

By:
/s/ Ketan
Thakker 

Name: 
Ketan
Thakker 

Title:
CEO 

Address
for notice: 

GIFTIFY,
INC. 

1100
Woodfield Road, Suite 510 

Schaumburg,
IL 60173 

Attention: [*] 

Email: [*] 

SCHEDULE
I

ORALLY
CONVEYED PRICING INFORMATION

Number
of Shares to be Issued: [*]

Public
Offering Price per Share: [*]

EXHIBIT
A

LOCK-UP
AGREEMENT

December
[*], 2024

Craft
Capital Management LLC

377
Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden
City, NY 11530

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, a holder of securities of Giftify, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Delware (the Company),
understands that you are the placement agent (the Placement Agent) named in the placement agency agreement (the
Placement Agency Agreement) entered into between the Placement Agent and the Company, providing for the placement
(the Placement) of securities of the Company (the Securities) pursuant to a registration statement
and related prospectuses and supplements thereto filed or to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

In
consideration of the Placement Agents agreement to proceed with the Placement of the Securities, and for other good and valuable
consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees, for the benefit of the Company and the Placement
Agent that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the undersigned will not, during the period specified in the following
paragraph (the Lock-Up Period), directly or indirectly, unless otherwise provided herein, (a) offer, sell, agree
to offer or sell, solicit offers to purchase, convert, exercise, exchange, grant any call option or purchase any put option with respect
to, pledge, encumber, assign, borrow or otherwise dispose of or transfer (each a Transfer) any Relevant Security
(as defined below) or otherwise publicly disclose the intention to do so, or (b) establish or increase any put equivalent position
or liquidate or decrease any call equivalent position (in each case within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the rules and regulations thereunder) with respect to any
Relevant Security or otherwise enter into any swap, derivative or other transaction or arrangement that Transfers to another, in whole
or in part, any economic consequence of ownership of a Relevant Security, whether or not such transaction is to be settled by the delivery
of Relevant Securities, other securities, cash or other consideration, or otherwise publicly disclose the intention to do so. As used
herein, the term Relevant Security means any common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (Share),
warrant to purchase Shares or any other security of the Company or any other entity that is convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable
for, Shares or any other equity security of the Company, in each case owned beneficially or otherwise by the undersigned on the date
set forth on the front cover of the final prospectus supplement used in connection with the Placement of the Securities (the Effective
Date) or acquired by the undersigned during the Lock-Up Period, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Relevant Security
acquired by the Undersigned in the Placement.

The
Lock-Up Period will commence on the date of this Lock-up Agreement and continue and include the date that is thirty (30) days after the
closing of the Placement.

In
addition, the undersigned further agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, during the Lock-Up Period the
undersigned will not: (i) file or participate in the filing with the SEC of any registration statement or circulate or participate in
the circulation of any preliminary or final prospectus or other disclosure document, in each case with respect to any proposed offering
or sale of a Relevant Security except as required by the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement and
the Securities subject to the Placement, or (ii) exercise any rights the undersigned may have to require registration with the SEC of
any proposed offering or sale of a Relevant Security.

In
furtherance of the undersigneds obligations hereunder, the undersigned hereby authorizes the Company during the Lock-Up Period
to cause any transfer agent for the Relevant Securities to decline to transfer, and to note stop transfer restrictions on the stock register
and other records relating to, Relevant Securities for which the undersigned is the record owner and the transfer of which would be a
violation of this Lock-Up Agreement and, in the case of Relevant Securities for which the undersigned is the beneficial but not the record
owner, agrees that during the Lock-Up Period it will cause the record owner to cause the relevant transfer agent to decline to transfer,
and to note stop transfer restrictions on the stock register and other records relating to, such Relevant Securities to the extent such
transfer would be a violation of this Lock-Up Agreement.

A-1

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the undersigned may transfer the undersigneds Relevant Securities:

(i) as
a bona fide gift or gifts,

(ii) to
any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or a member of members of
the immediate family of the undersigned,

(iii) if
the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other
business entity (1) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust
or other business entity that is a direct or indirect affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned, (2) to limited partners, limited
liability company members or stockholders of the undersigned, or (3) in connection with a
sale, merger or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the undersigned or
any other change of control of the undersigned, not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding
the restrictions imposed by this Lock-Up Agreement,

(iv) if
the undersigned is a trust, to the beneficiary of such trust,

(v) by
testate or intestate succession,

(vi) to
a charity or educational institution,

(vii) upon
a vesting event of the Companys securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase
the Companys securities, in each case on a cashless or net exercise
basis or to cover tax obligations of the undersigned in connection with the receipt by the
undersigned from the Company of Shares upon the vesting of restricted stock awards or stock
units or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys Shares issued under
an equity incentive plan of the Company or an employment arrangement or the transfer of Shares
or any securities convertible into Shares to the Company, but only to the extent such right
expires during the Lock-up Period, and

(viii) by
operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a
divorce settlement.

provided,
that (A) such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (B) the transferee agrees in writing with the Placement Agent and
the Company to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement, and (C) such transfer would not require any filing under Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act and no such filing is voluntarily made. Moreover, the undersigned shall be permitted to establish a trading plan
pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Relevant Securities, provided that (i) such plan does not provide
for the transfer of Relevant Securities during the Lock-Up Period and (ii) to the extent a public announcement or filing under the Exchange
Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding the establishment of such
plan, such public announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect that no transfer of Relevant Securities may be made
under such plan during the Lock-Up Period.

For
purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more
remote than first cousin.

The
undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement and
that this Lock-Up Agreement has been duly authorized (if the undersigned is not a natural person) and constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the undersigned, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon request, the undersigned will execute any additional
documents necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors
and assigns of the undersigned from the date of this Lock-Up Agreement.

The
undersigned understands that, if the Placement Agency Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate
or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Securities to be sold thereunder, the undersigned shall be released from all
obligations under this Lock-Up Agreement.

The
undersigned, whether or not participating in the Placement, understands that the Placement Agent is proceeding with the Placement in
reliance upon this Lock-Up Agreement.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

A-2

This
Lock-Up Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict
of laws principles thereof. Delivery of a signed copy of this Lock-Up Agreement by facsimile or e-mail/.pdf transmission shall be effective
as the delivery of the original hereof.

Very
truly yours,

(Name
- Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name
of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title
of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address:

A-3

EXHIBIT
B

INDEMNIFICATION
PROVISIONS

In
connection with the engagement of Craft Capital Management LLC (the Placement Agent) by Giftify, Inc. (the Company)
pursuant to a placement agency agreement dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement Agent, as it may be amended
from time to time in writing (the Agreement), the Company hereby agrees as follows:

1. To
the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and controlling
persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to the Agreement, except, with regard to the Placement
Agent, to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment
(not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily and directly from any indemnitees bad faith, willful misconduct,
fraud or gross negligence.

2. Promptly
after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the
Placement Agent is entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement
of such action or proceeding, and the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action
if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility
for the same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no
more than one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company. The Company will have the exclusive right to settle the claim or proceeding
provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent,
which will not be unreasonably withheld. The Placement Agent and all other indemnitees shall not settle any claim, action or proceeding
without the prior written consent of the Company.

3. The
Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement
of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by the Agreement.

4. If
for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then
the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent, as the case may be, as a result of such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the
one hand, and the Placement Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on
the other that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts
paid or payable by a party in respect of losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal
or other fees and expenses incurred in defending any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions
hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received,
or to be received, by the Placement Agent under the Agreement (excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by
the Placement Agent).

5. These
Indemnification Provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by the Agreement is completed
and shall survive the termination of the Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to
any indemnified party under the Agreement or otherwise.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

Ernest
M. Stern | PARTNER

1701
Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.

Suite
200

Washington,
D.C. 20006

Office:
844.285.4263 Ext. 758

Cell:
301.910.2030

estern@cm.law

January 16,
2025

Via
Email (skiront@craftcm.com)

Craft
Capital Management LLC

377
Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden
City, NY 11530

Attention:
Stephen Kiront, Chief Operating Officer

Re:
Giftify, Inc. 

Ladies
and Gentlemen,

We
have acted as securities counsel to Giftify, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the sale of
an aggregate of 600,000 shares of Common Stock (the Purchased Shares) par value $0.001, at a price of $1.00 per share,
of the Company, pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement), dated January 15, 2025, and
that certain registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-282322), as amended (the Registration Statement).
This opinion is being delivered to you in accordance with Section 9(D) of the Placement Agency Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein
but otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Placement Agency Agreement.

In
our capacity as counsel to the Company, we have examined, among other things, originals, or copies identified to our satisfaction as
being true copies, of the following:

A.
The Placement Agency Agreement;

B.
The Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended and in effect on the date hereof (the Certificate of Incorporation);

C.
The Bylaws of the Company, as amended and in effect on the date hereof (the Bylaws and, together with the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Charter Documents);

D.
The resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company of the Board of Directors approving the offering of the Securities pursuant
to the Registration Statement (the Offering);

E.
The good standing of the Company certified by the Secretary of State of Delaware on January 15, 2025;

F.
The Officers Certificate and Secretarys Certificate delivered to us by the Company pursuant to Section 9(F) and (G), respectively,
of the Placement Agency Agreement;

G.
The Registration Statement;

H.
The Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement;

I.
The Prospectus Supplement;

Craft
Capital Management LLC

January
16, 2025

Page
2 of 5

J.
All agreements, leases, contracts, indentures, mortgages, deeds of trust and other agreements to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Material Agreements);
and

K.
Such other records, certificates, documents and instruments, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, as we have considered
necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion.

In
addition, we have obtained from public officials and from officers and other representatives of the Company such other certificates and
assurances as we consider necessary for purposes of this opinion, copies of which have been provided to you. We have assumed the accuracy
of all copies provided to us, the legal capacity of the individual signatories to all documents and the due authorization, execution
and delivery of the Placement Agency Agreement. We have also assumed the genuineness of all signatures.

As
used in this opinion, the expressions to our knowledge and known to us with reference to matters of fact
means that, after considering the actual knowledge of those attorneys in our firm who have given substantive attention to the Companys
affairs, but not including any constructive or imputed notice of any other information, we find no reason to believe that the factual
statements expressed herein are incorrect. Beyond that, we have made no independent factual investigation for the purpose of rending
the opinions set forth herein, except as aforesaid or as otherwise specified in this opinion letter.

We
are members of the bar of the State of New York. We express no opinion as to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the
State of New York, the federal laws of the United States of America, and the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL).
Moreover, to the extent that any of the Material Agreements are governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New
York, our opinions relating to those Material Agreements are based solely upon the plain meaning of their language as though New York
law, as appropriate, applied, without regard to interpretation or construction that might be indicated by the laws stated as governing
those Material Agreements.

This
opinion is based upon the customary practice of lawyers who regularly give, and lawyers who regularly advise opinion recipients regarding,
opinions of the kind involved, including customary practice as described in the reports of the New York Tri-Bar Opinion Committee.

Craft
Capital Management LLC

January
16, 2025

Page
3 of 5

Our
opinions are subject to (a) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, preference, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, and other
similar laws and court decisions relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, (b) the effect of general principles
of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (including the possible unavailability of specific performance or injunctive
relief), concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith, and fair dealing, and the discretion of the court before which a proceeding
is brought, and (c) the invalidity under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of provisions providing for the indemnification
of or contribution to a party with respect to a liability where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy or
otherwise illegal. Furthermore, we neither express nor imply any opinion as to (1) any provision for liquidated damages, default interest,
default charges, late charges, monetary penalties, make-whole premiums, or other economic remedies to the extent such provisions are
deemed to constitute a penalty, (2) consents to, or restrictions upon, governing law, jurisdiction, venue, arbitration, remedies, or
judicial relief, (3) waivers of rights or defenses, (4) any provision requiring the payment of attorneys fees, where such payment
is contrary to law or public policy, (5) any provision permitting, upon acceleration of any debt securities, collection of that portion
of the stated principal amount thereof which might be determined to constitute unearned interest thereon, (6) the creation, validity,
attachment, perfection, or priority of any lien or security interest, (7) advance waivers of claims, defenses, rights granted by law,
notice, opportunity for hearing, evidentiary requirements, statutes of limitation, trial by jury or at law, or other procedural rights,
(8) waivers of broadly or vaguely stated rights, (9) provisions for exclusivity, election, or cumulation of rights or remedies, (10)
provisions authorizing or validating conclusive or discretionary determinations, (11) grants of setoff rights, (12) proxies, powers,
and trusts, (13) any law, rule, or regulation relating to usury, (14) any provision to the extent it requires that a claim with respect
to a security denominated in other than U.S. dollars (or a judgment in respect of such a claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate
of exchange at a particular date, to the extent applicable law otherwise provides, or (15) the severability, if invalid, of provisions
to the foregoing effect. We neither express nor imply any opinion regarding the validity, binding effect, or enforceability of any agreement
except to the extent expressly stated above in this opinion letter.

Based
upon the foregoing and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion
that:

1.
The
Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The Company has all requisite
power and authority under its Organizational Documents to own and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus and the Final Prospectus.

2.
The
Companys authorized capital stock is as set forth in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus. The Securities
conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus.
The form of certificate used to evidence the Shares complies in all material respects with all applicable statutory requirements
and with any applicable requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company.

3.
All
necessary corporate action has been duly and validly taken by the Company to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of
the Placement Agency Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Securities. The Placement Agency Agreement has been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company. 

4.
The
Placement Agency Agreement is a valid and binding agreement or obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms. The Placement Agency Agreement has been delivered by the Company, to the extent that delivery is governed under New
York law.

5.
The
Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

6.
The
Shares are free of statutory preemptive rights, rights of first refusal and restrictions upon voting or transfer contained in the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or in the Material Agreements.

Craft
Capital Management LLC

January
16, 2025

Page
4 of 5

7.
The
Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (in each case other than the financial statements
and schedules and other company and financial data included or incorporated by reference therein, as to which we express no opinion).
Based solely upon the Officers Certificate, to our knowledge, the Company is not a party to any contract, agreement or document
of a character that is required to be filed as an exhibit to, or incorporated by reference in, the Registration Statement or described
in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus that has not been so filed, incorporated by reference or described
as required; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing we have relied upon the judgment of the Company regarding the
materiality of these agreements.

8.
The
Prospectus was filed by the Company with the Commission in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act. To our knowledge, based on a review of the portion of the SEC website pertaining to stop orders available at http://www.sec.gov/litigation/stoporders.shtml,
no stop order proceedings with respect thereto are pending or threatened under the Securities Act and any required filing of the
Prospectus, pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act has been made in the manner required by such Rule 424.

9.
No
consent, approval, license or exemption by, order or authorization of, or filing, recording or registration with any governmental
authority of the United States of America or the State of New York or the State of Delaware is required to be obtained or made by
the Company in connection with (i) the issuance and sale of the Securities or (ii) the due authorization, execution, delivery or
performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company except such as have been obtained and such as may be required under the applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or under the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or The Nasdaq Stock
Market, as to which we express no opinion.

10.
The
execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
therein, do not violate, conflict with or constitute a breach of (a) the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws,
(b) to our knowledge, any federal or New York statute, the DGCL, or any rule or regulation under such a statute applicable to the
Company.

11.
The
Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds therefrom
as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus, will not be an
investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act.

12.
The
information in the Registration Statement under the heading Description of Capital Stock, insofar as such statements
constitute a summary of documents or matters of law, are accurate in all material respects and present fairly the information required
to be shown. 

13.
To
the best of our knowledge the he Registration Statement, at the time the Registration Statement became effective, contained an untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, it being understood that we make no statement as to any financial statements (including notes thereto) or
financial schedules or other financial, accounting or statistical data included, or incorporated by reference, in, or omitted from,
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

Craft
Capital Management LLC

January
16, 2025

Page
5 of 5

We
confirm to you that we are not representing the Company in any pending litigation in which the Company is a named defendant that challenges
the validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents or seeks to enjoin the performance of the Transaction Documents.

This
opinion is rendered to you as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to advise you or any other person hereafter with regard
to any change after the date hereof in the circumstances or the law that may bear on the matters set forth herein even though the change
may affect the legal analysis or legal conclusion or other matters in this letter. In addition, this opinion is provided solely to you
in connection with your role as Placement Agent for the offering by the Company under the Placement Agency Agreement for the Purchased
Shares and may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by any other person or furnished to any other person without
our prior written consent.

Very
truly yours,

/s/
CM Law PLLC

CM
Law PLLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Giftify,
Inc. Announces Pricing of $600,000 Public Offering of Common Stock with No Warrants

SCHAUMBURG,
IL (Globe Newswire) January 15, 2025: Giftify, Inc. (NASDAQ: GIFT) (the Company), the owner and operator of
leading digital platforms, CardCash.com and Restaurant.com, with a focus on incentives and rewards in retail, dining & entertainment
experiences, today announced the pricing of its best efforts public offering of 600,000
shares of its common stock with no warrants at a public offering price of $1.00 per share. Total gross proceeds from the offering, before
deducting the placement agents fees and other offering expenses, are expected to be approximately $600,000. The offering is expected
to close on January 16, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Craft
Capital Management LLC is acting as sole placement agent for the offering.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, capital expenditures, working capital and general
and administrative expenses.

A
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-282322) relating to the public offering of the securities described above
was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and declared effective on October 15, 2024. A preliminary prospectus
supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the underwritten public offering was filed with the SEC and are available on the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained
from Craft Capital Management, 377 Oak St., Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530, Attention: Syndicate Dept.; email: info@craftcm.com

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. Any offer, if at all, will be made only by means
of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus forming a part of the effective registration statement.

About
Giftify, Inc. 

Giftify,
Inc. is a pioneer in the incentive and rewards industry with a focus on retail, dining & entertainment experiences, as the owner
and operator of leading digital platforms, CardCash.com and Restaurant.com. CardCash.com is a leading
secondary gift card exchange platform, allowing consumers and retailers to realize value by buying and selling gift cards at various
scales. Its Restaurant.com is the nations largest restaurant-focused digital deals brand. Restaurant.com and our Corporate Incentives
division connect digital consumers, businesses and communities offering thousands of dining, retail and entertainment deals options nationwide
at over 184,000 restaurants and retailers. Restaurant.com prides itself on offering the best deal, every meal. Our gift cards and restaurant
certificates allow customers to save at thousands of restaurants across the country with just a few clicks. 

For
more information, visit: www.giftifyinc.com and www.cardcash.com and https://www.restaurant.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Press
Releases may include forward-looking statements. In particular, the words believe, may, could,
should, expect, anticipate, estimate, project, propose,
plan, intend, and similar conditional words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Any statements made in this news release about an action, event or development, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based
upon assumptions that in the future may prove not to have been accurate and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Such
statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the company. Accordingly,
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although the company believes that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct.
Investors are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments
may differ materially from those projected. The forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date hereof. The
company takes no obligation to update or correct its own forward-looking statements, except as required by law or those prepared by third
parties that are not paid by the company. Statements in this press release that are not historical fact may be deemed forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. Although Giftify, Inc. believes the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable
assumptions, Giftify, Inc. is unable to give any assurance that its expectations will be attained. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from expectations include the companys ability identify a suitable business model for the corporation.

Investors
Contacts: 

IR@giftifyinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gift-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gift-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>gift-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42206

Entity Registrant Name GIFTIFY,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001760233

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2482974

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1100
Woodfield Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 510

Entity Address, City or Town Schaumburg

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60173

City Area Code (773)

Local Phone Number 272-5000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol GIFT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://giftify.me/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
gift-20250115.xsd 
gift-20250115_lab.xml 
gift-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002826-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001760233 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001760233 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
GIFTIFY, INC. 
DE 
001-42206 
45-2482974 
1100 Woodfield Road 
Suite 510 
Schaumburg 
IL 
60173 
(773) 
272-5000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
GIFT 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>