<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-020195.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-020195.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304161518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-020195
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K12B
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GAXOS.AI INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001895618
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				873288897
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K12B
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41620
		FILM NUMBER:		25704594

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 EISENHOWER PKWY SUITE 300
		CITY:			ROSELAND
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07068
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-275-7428

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 EISENHOWER PKWY SUITE 300
		CITY:			ROSELAND
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07068

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NFT Gaming Co Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211126

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NFT Gaming Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211124
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K12B
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0232722-8k12b_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-3100018956188-K12B00018956182025-03-032025-03-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): March 3, 2025

GAXOS.AI INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41620 87-3288897

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I. R. S. Employer

Identification No.)

101 Eisenhower Pkwy, Suite 300,

Roseland, NJ07068

(Address of principal executive offices, including
ZIP code)

(973) 275-7428

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 GXAI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

On February
28, 2025, Gaxos.ai Inc., a Delaware corporation (Gaxos Delaware) changed its state of incorporation from the State of Delaware
to the State of Nevada (the Reincorporation), following the completion of the actions contemplated by the Plan of Conversion
(the Plan of Conversion) dated February 24, 2025 of Gaxos Delaware into Gaxos.ai Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company)
adopted by Gaxos Delaware. Following the Reincorporation, the Company became the successor issuer to Gaxos Delaware. This Current Report
on Form 8-K is being filed for the purpose of establishing the Company as the successor issuer pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and to disclose certain related matters. Pursuant to
Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act, shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as successor
issuer, are deemed registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

On
February 28, 2025, Gaxos Delaware filed (i) a certificate of conversion with the Secretary Gaxos Delaware of State of the State
of Delaware (the Certificate of Conversion) and (ii) articles of conversion with the Secretary of State of the
State of Nevada (Articles of Conversion), pursuant to which the Reincorporation became effective on March 3, 2025 (the
Effective Date). 

The Reincorporation was previously submitted to
a vote of, and approved at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting) of Gaxos
Delaware, stockholders held on December 27, 2024. Upon the effectiveness of the Reincorporation:

Gaxos Delawares domicile changed from the State of
Delaware to the State of Nevada; and

the affairs of Gaxos Delaware ceased to be governed by the laws
of the State of Delaware and Gaxos Delawares existing Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, as amended, and instead became
governed by the laws of the State of Nevada and the Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
(the Nevada Charter) and the bylaws approved by the Gaxos Delawares board of directors (the Nevada Bylaws).

The Reincorporation
did not result in any change in the business, jobs, management, properties, location of any of the Gaxos Delawares offices or facilities,
number of employees, obligations, assets, liabilities, or net worth (other than as a result of the costs related to the Reincorporation).
The Reincorporation did not materially affect any of Gaxos Delawares material contracts with any third parties, and Gaxos Delawares
rights and obligations under those material contractual arrangements continue to be the rights and obligations of Gaxos Nevada after the
Reincorporation.

The Reincorporation
did not result in any change in the business, jobs, management, properties, location of any of the Gaxos Delawares offices or facilities,
number of employees, obligations, assets, liabilities, or net worth (other than as a result of the costs related to the Reincorporation).
The Reincorporation did not materially affect any of Gaxos Delawares material contracts with any third parties, and Gaxos Delawares
rights and obligations under those material contractual arrangements continue to be the rights and obligations of Gaxos Nevada after the
Reincorporation.

On the Effective
Date:

each share of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of Gaxos
Delaware that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into one validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of Gaxos Nevada;

each option to acquire shares of Gaxos Delaware common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into an equivalent option to acquire, upon the same terms and conditions
(including the vesting schedule and exercise price per share applicable to each such option) as were in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, the same number of shares of common stock of Gaxos Nevada; and

1

each warrant or other right to acquire shares of Gaxos Delaware
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into an equivalent warrant or other right to acquire,
upon the same terms and conditions (including the vesting schedule and exercise price per share applicable to each such warrant or other
right) as were in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, the same number of shares of common stock of Gaxos
Nevada.

In addition to the foregoing,
each employee benefit plan, equity incentive plan or other similar plan to which Gaxos Delaware
was a party is now a plan of Gaxos Nevada, and, to the extent that any such plan provided
for the issuance of Gaxos Delaware common stock, as of the Effective Time, such plan is deemed
to provide for the issuance of common stock of Gaxos Nevada. Furthermore, as of the Effective Time,
the members of the board of directors and the officers of Gaxos Delaware continue
in their respective offices as members of the board of directors and officers of Gaxos Nevada.

Gaxos Delaware will not be replacing
nor will Gaxos Delawares stockholders be required to exchange their stock certificates for new stock certificates in connection
with the Reincorporation.

The
common stock of Gaxos Nevada continues to be traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GXAI.

Certain
rights of Gaxos Delawares stockholders were changed as a result of the Reincorporation. A more detailed description of the Plan
of Conversion, Nevada Charter, Nevada Bylaws, and the effects of the Reincorporation is set forth in the Proxy Statement under Proposal
3: Authorization to Reincorporate the Company in the State of Nevada, which description is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Plan of Conversion, Nevada Charter, Nevada Bylaws, Certificate of Conversion and Articles
of Conversion do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan
of Conversion, Articles of Conversion, Certificate of Conversion, Nevada Charter and Nevada Bylaws which are filed as Exhibits
2.1, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth under Item 3.03 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the Reincorporation. A copy of the press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and
incorporated herein by reference.

Successor Issuer

In connection with the
Reincorporation and by operation of Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act, Gaxos Nevada is the successor issuer to
Gaxos Delaware and has succeeded to the attributes of Gaxos Delaware as the Registrant. The common stock of Gaxos Nevada is deemed to
be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and Gaxos Nevada is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Gaxos Nevada hereby reports this succession in accordance with Rule 12g-3(f) promulgated
under the Exchange Act.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

2.1 Plan of Conversion dated February 24, 2025 

3.1 Articles of Conversion filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 28, 2025

3.2 Certificate of Conversion filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on February 28, 2025

3.3 Articles of Incorporation of Gaxos.ai Inc, a Nevada corporation

3.4 Bylaws of Gaxos.ai Inc, a Nevada corporation

99.1 Press Release dated March 4, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 4, 2025 GAXOS.AI INC.

/s/ Vadim Mats

Vadim Mats

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023272201ex2-1_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLAN OF CONVERSION DATED FEBRUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

PLAN OF CONVERSION

OF

GAXOS.AI INC.

A DELAWARE CORPORATION

INTO

GAXOS.AI INC.,

A NEVADA CORPORATION

THIS PLAN OF CONVERSION,
dated as of February 24, 2025 (including all of the Exhibits attached hereto, this Plan), is hereby adopted by Gaxos.ai
Inc., a Delaware corporation, in order to set forth the terms, conditions and procedures governing the conversion of Gaxos.ai Inc. from
a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to Section 266 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended
(the DGCL), and Section 92A.195 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended (the NRS).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Gaxos.ai Inc.
is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Converting Entity);

WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of the Converting Entity has determined that it would be advisable and in the best interests of the Converting Entity and
its stockholders for the Converting Entity to convert from a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to Section 266 of the
DGCL and Sections 92A.195 and 92A.250 of the NRS;

WHEREAS, the form,
terms and provisions of this Plan have been authorized, approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Converting Entity;

WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of the Converting Entity has submitted this Plan to the stockholders of the Converting Entity for approval; and

WHEREAS, this terms
and provisions of this Plan has been authorized, approved and adopted by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stockholders
of the Converting Entity.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
Converting Entity hereby adopts this Plan as follows:

PLAN OF CONVERSION

1. Conversion; Effect of Conversion.

(a) Upon the Effective Time (as defined in Section 3 below), the Converting Entity shall be converted from
a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to Section 266 of the DGCL and Sections 92A.195 and 92A.250 of the NRS (the Conversion)
and the Converting Entity, as converted to a Nevada corporation (the Converted Entity), shall thereafter be subject
to all of the provisions of the NRS, the existence of the Converted Entity shall be deemed to have commenced on the date the Converting
Entity commenced its existence in the State of Delaware.

(b) Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion and without any further action on the part of the
Converting Entity or its stockholders, the Converted Entity shall, for all purposes of the laws of the State of Delaware, be deemed to
be the same entity as the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Conversion and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, for all purposes of the laws of the
State of Nevada, all of the rights, privileges and powers of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, and
all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, as
well as all other things and causes of action belonging to the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall
remain vested in the Converted Entity and shall be the property of the Converted Entity and the title to any real property vested by deed
or otherwise in the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time shall not revert or be in any way impaired by reason
of the Conversion; but all rights of creditors and all liens upon any property of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be preserved unimpaired, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Converting Entity existing immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall remain attached to the Converted Entity upon the Effective Time, and may be enforced against the Converted
Entity to the same extent as if said debts, liabilities and duties had originally been incurred or contracted by the Converted Entity
in its capacity as a corporation of the State of Delaware. The rights, privileges, powers and interests in property of the Converting
Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, as well as the debts, liabilities and duties of the Converting Entity existing
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall not be deemed, as a consequence of the Conversion, to have been transferred to the Converted
Entity upon the Effective Time for any purpose of the laws of the State of Nevada.

-1-

(c) The Conversion shall not be deemed to affect any obligations or liabilities of the Converting Entity incurred
prior to the Conversion or the personal liability of any person incurred prior to the Conversion.

(d) Upon the Effective Time, the name of the Converted Entity shall remain unchanged and continue to be Gaxos.ai
Inc.

(e) The Converting Entity intends for the Conversion to constitute a tax-free reorganization qualifying under
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

2. Filings. As promptly as practicable following the adoption of this Plan by the Board of Directors
and the stockholders of the Converting Entity, the Converting Entity shall cause the Conversion to be effective by:

(a) executing and filing (or causing the execution and filing of) Articles of Conversion pursuant to Section
92A.205 of the NRS, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the Nevada Articles of Conversion), with
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada;

(b) executing and filing (or causing the execution and filing of) a Certificate of Conversion pursuant to
Sections 103 and 266 of the DGCL, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (the Delaware Certificate of Conversion),
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; and

(c) executing and filing (or causing the execution and filing of) Articles of Incorporation of the Converted
Entity, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto (the Nevada Articles of Incorporation), with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada.

3. Effective Time. The Conversion shall become effective upon the last to occur of the filing of the
Nevada Articles of Conversion, the Delaware Certificate of Conversion and the Nevada Articles of Incorporation (the time of the effectiveness
of the Conversion, the Effective Time).

4. Effect of Conversion.

(a) Effect on Common Stock. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion and without any further
action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Converting
Entity (Converting Entity Common Stock) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
convert into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Converted Entity
(Converted Entity Common Stock).

-2-

(b) Effect on Outstanding Stock Options. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion and without
any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each option to acquire shares of Converting Entity Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall convert into an equivalent option to acquire, upon the same terms and
conditions (including the vesting schedule and exercise price per share applicable to each such option) as were in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, the same number of shares of Converted Entity Common Stock.

(c) Effect on Outstanding Warrants or Other Rights. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion
and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each warrant or other right to acquire shares
of Converting Entity Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall convert into an equivalent warrant or other
right to acquire, upon the same terms and conditions (including the vesting schedule and exercise price per share applicable to each such
warrant or other right) as were in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, the same number of shares of Converted Entity Common
Stock.

(d) Effect on Stock Certificates. All of the outstanding certificates representing shares of Converting
Entity Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be deemed for all purposes to continue to evidence ownership of and
to represent the same number of shares of Converted Entity Common Stock.

(e) Effect on Employee Benefit, Equity Incentive or Other Similar Plans. Upon the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Conversion and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each employee benefit
plan, equity incentive plan or other similar plan to which the Converting Entity is a party shall continue to be a plan of the Converted
Entity. To the extent that any such plan provides for the issuance of Converting Entity Common Stock, upon the Effective Time, such plan
shall be deemed to provide for the issuance of Converted Entity Common Stock.

(f) Effect of Conversion on Directors and Officers. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion
and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, the members of the Board of Directors and the
officers of the Converting Entity holding their respective offices in the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall continue in their respective offices as members of the Board of Directors and officers, respectively, of the Converted Entity.

5. Further Assurances. If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Converted Entity shall determine
or be advised that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, agreements, documents or assurances or any other acts or things are necessary,
desirable or proper, consistent with the terms of this Plan, (a) to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Converted
Entity its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, purposes, franchises, properties
or assets of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (b) to otherwise carry out the purposes of this
Plan, the Converted Entity and its officers and directors (or their designees), are hereby authorized to solicit in the name of the Converted
Entity any third-party consents or other documents required to be delivered by any third party, to execute and deliver, in the name and
on behalf of the Converted Entity, all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments, agreements, documents and assurances and do, in the name
and on behalf of the Converted Entity, all such other acts and things necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm its right,
title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, purposes, franchises, properties or assets of the
Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Plan.

6. Nevada Bylaws. Upon the Effective Time, the bylaws of the Converted Entity shall be the Bylaws
of Gaxos.ai Inc., substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.

7. Copy of Plan of Conversion. After the Conversion, a copy of this Plan will be kept on file at the
offices of the Converted Entity, and any stockholder of the Converted Entity (or former stockholder of the Converting Entity) may request
a copy of this Plan at no charge at any time.

8. Termination. At any time prior to the Effective Time, this Plan may be terminated, and the transactions
contemplated hereby may be abandoned by action of the Board of Directors of the Converting Entity if, in the opinion of the Board of Directors
of the Converting Entity, such action would be in the best interests of the Converting Entity and its stockholders. In the event of termination
of this Plan, this Plan shall become void and of no further force or effect

9. Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Plan shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other
than as expressly provided herein.

10. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Plan will be interpreted in such manner
as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Plan is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable
law, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this
Plan.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

-3-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
hereby causes this Plan to be duly executed as of the date hereof.

GAXOS.AI INC.

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Vadim Mats

Vadim Mats

Its: Chief Executive Officer

-4-

EXHIBIT A

NEVADA ARTICLES OF CONVERSION

See attached.

-5-

EXHIBIT B

DELAWARE CERTIFICATE OF CONVERSION

See attached.

-6-

EXHIBIT C

NEVADA ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

See attached.

-7-

EXHIBIT D

GAXOS.AI BYLAWS

See attached.

-8-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023272201ex3-1_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF CONVERSION FILED WITH THE NEVADA SECRETARY OF STATE ON FEBRUARY 28, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov
ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY TYPE OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 1. Entity Information: (Constituent, Acquired
or Merging) Entity Name: Gaxos.ai Inc. Jurisdiction: Delaware Entity Type*: Corporation If more than one entity being acquired or merging
please attach additional page. 2. Entity Information: (Resulting, Acquiring or Surviving) Entity Name: Gaxos.ai Inc. Jurisdiction: Nevada
Entity Type*: Corporation 3. Plan of Conversion, Exchange or Merger: (select one box) The entire plan of conversion, exchange or merger
is attached to these articles. The complete executed plan of conversion is on file at the registered office or principal place of business
of the resulting entity. The entire plan of exchange or merger is on file at the registered office of the acquiring corporation, limited-liability
company or business trust, or at the records office address if a limited partnership, or other place of business of the acquiring entity
(NRS 92A.200). The complete executed plan of conversion for the resulting domestic limited partnership is on file at the records office
required by NRS 88.330. (Conversion only) 4. Approval: (lf more than one entity being acquired or merging please attach additional approval
page.) Exchange/Merger: Owner's approval (NRS 92A.200) (options a, b or c must be used for each entity) A. Owner's approval was not required
from the: Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving B. The plan was approved by the required consent of the owners of: Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving
C. Approval of plan of exchange/merger for Nevada non-profit corporation (NRS 92A.160): Non-profit Corporations only: The plan of exchange/merger
has been approved by the directors of the corporation and by each public officer or other person whose approval of the plan of merger
is required by the articles of incorporation of the domestic corporation. Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving Name of acquired/merging
entity Name of acquiring/surviving entity 5. Effective Date and Time: (Optional) Date: Time: (must not be later than 90 days after the
certificate is filed)

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov
ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY TYPE OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 4. Approval Continued: (lf more than one entity
being acquired or merging please attach additional approval page.) Exchange/Merger: Owner's approval (NRS 92A.200) (options a, b or c
must be used for each entity) Owner's approval was not required from the: Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving The plan was approved
by the required consent of the owners of: Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving Approval of plan of exchange for Nevada non-profit corporation
(NRS 92A.160): Non-profit Corporations only: The plan of exchange/merger has been approved by the directors of the corporation and by
each public officer or other person whose approval of the plan of merger is required by the articles of incorporation of the domestic
corporation. Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving Name of acquired/merging entity Name of acquiring/surviving entity 4. Approval Continued:
(lf more than one entity being acquired or merging please attach additional approval page.) Exchange/Merger: Owner's approval (NRS 92A.200)
(options a, b or c must be used for each entity) Owner's approval was not required from the: Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving The
plan was approved by the required consent of the owners of: Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving Approval of plan of exchange for Nevada
non-profit corporation (NRS 92A.160): Non-profit Corporations only: The plan of exchange/merger has been approved by the directors of
the corporation and by each public officer or other person whose approval of the plan of merger is required by the articles of incorporation
of the domestic corporation. Acquired/merging Acquiring/surviving Name of acquired/merging entity Name of acquiring/surviving entity

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov
Articles of Conversion/Exchange/Merger NRS 92A.200 and 91A.205 6.Forwarding Address for Service of Process: (Conversion and Mergers only,
if resulting/surviving entity is foreign) Gaxos.ai Inc. USA Name Country Care of: Vadim Mats 101 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 300 Roseland
NJ 07068 Address City State Zip/Postal Code 7. Amendment, if any, to the articles or certificate of the surviving entity. (NRS 92A.200):
(Merger only) ** ** Amended and restated articles may be attached as an exhibit or integrated into the articles of merger. Please entitle
them "Restated" or "Amended and Restated," accordingly. The form to accompany restated articles prescribed by the
secretary of state must accompany the amended and/or restated articles. Pursuant to NRS 92A.180 (merger of subsidiary into parent - Nevada
parent owning 90% or more of subsidiary), the articles of merger may not contain amendments to the constituent documents of the surviving
entity except that the name of the surviving entity may be changed. 8. Declaration: (Exchange and Merger only) Exchange: The undersigned
declares that a plan of exchange has been adopted by each constituent entity (NRS 92A.200). Merger: (Select one box) The undersigned
declares that a plan of merger has been adopted by each constituent entity (NRS 92A.200). The undersigned declares that a plan of merger
has been adopted by the parent domestic entity (NRS 92A.180). 9. Signature Statement: (Required) Conversion: A plan of conversion has
been adopted by the constituent entity in compliance with the law of the jurisdiction governing the constituent entity. Signatures -
must be signed by: 1. lf constituent entity is a Nevada entity: an officer of each Nevada corporation; all general partners of each Nevada
limited partnership or limited-liability limited partnership; a manager of each Nevada limited-liability company with managers or one
member if there are no managers; a trustee of each Nevada business trust; a managing partner of a Nevada limited-liability partnership
(a.k.a. general partnership governed by NRS chapter 87). 2. lf constituent entity is a foreign entity: must be signed by the constituent
entity in the manner provided by the law governing it. Gaxos.ai Inc. Name of constituent entity

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov
Articles of Conversion/Exchange/Merger NRS 92A.200 and 91A.205 9. Signature Statement Continued: (Required) Exchange: Signatures - Must
be signed by: An officer of each Nevada corporation; All general partners of each Nevada limited partnership; All general partners of
each Nevada limited-liability limited partnership; A manager of each Nevada limited-liability company with managers or a member if there
are no Managers; A trustee of each Nevada business trust (NRS 92A.230) Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of trust or governing
instrument of a business trust, an exchange must be approved by all the trustees and beneficial owners of each business trust that is
a constituent entity in the exchange. The articles of exchange must be signed by each foreign constituent entity in the manner provided
by the law governing it (NRS 92A.230). Additional signature blocks may be added to this page or as an attachment, as needed. Merger:
Signatures - Must be signed by: An officer of each Nevada corporation; All general partners of each Nevada limited partnership; All general
partners of each Nevada limited-liability limited partnership; A manager of each Nevada limited-liability company with managers or one
member if there are no managers; A trustee of each Nevada business trust (NRS 92A.230). The articles of merger must be signed by each
foreign constituent entity in the manner provided by the law governing it (NRS 92A.230). Additional signature blocks may be added to
this page or as an attachment, as needed. 10. Signature(s): (Required) Name of acquired/merging entity X Signature (Exchange/Merger)
Title Date If more than one entity being acquired or merging please attach additional page of informaiton and signatures. Name of acquiring/surviving
entity X Signature (Exchange/Merger) Title Date X /s/ Vadim Mats CEO 02/27/2025 Signature of Constituent Entity (Conversion) Title Date
Please include any required or optional information in space below: (attach additional page(s) if necessary) See attached Annex A which
is incorporated herein by reference.

Annex A

PLAN OF CONVERSION

OF

GAXOS.AI INC.

A DELAWARE CORPORATION

INTO

GAXOS.AI INC.,

A NEVADA CORPORATION

THIS PLAN OF CONVERSION,
dated as of February 24, , is hereby adopted by Gaxos.ai Inc., a Delaware corporation, in order to set forth the terms, conditions and
procedures governing the conversion of Gaxos.ai Inc. from a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to Section 266 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL), and Section 92A.195 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes, as amended (the NRS).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Gaxos.ai
Inc. is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Converting Entity);

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Converting Entity has determined that it would be advisable and in the best interests of the Converting
Entity and its stockholders for the Converting Entity to convert from a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to Section
266 of the DGCL and Sections 92A.195 and 92A.250 of the NRS;

WHEREAS, the form, terms and
provisions of this Plan have been authorized, approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Converting Entity;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of the Converting Entity has submitted this Plan to the stockholders of the Converting Entity for approval; and

WHEREAS, this terms and provisions
of this Plan has been authorized, approved and adopted by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stockholders of the Converting
Entity.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Converting Entity hereby adopts
this Plan as follows:

PLAN OF CONVERSION

1. Conversion; Effect of Conversion.

(a) Upon the Effective Time (as defined in Section 3 below), the Converting Entity shall be converted from
a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation pursuant to Section 266 of the DGCL and Sections 92A.195 and 92A.250 of the NRS (the Conversion)
and the Converting Entity, as converted to a Nevada corporation (the Converted Entity), shall thereafter be subject
to all of the provisions of the NRS, the existence of the Converted Entity shall be deemed to have commenced on the date the Converting
Entity commenced its existence in the State of Delaware.

(b) Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion and without any further action on the part of the
Converting Entity or its stockholders, the Converted Entity shall, for all purposes of the laws of the State of Delaware, be deemed to
be the same entity as the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Conversion and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, for all purposes of the laws of the
State of Nevada, all of the rights, privileges and powers of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, and
all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, as
well as all other things and causes of action belonging to the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall remain vested
in the Converted Entity and shall be the property of the Converted Entity and the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise
in the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time shall not revert or be in any way impaired by reason of the
Conversion; but all rights of creditors and all liens upon any property of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be preserved unimpaired, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall remain attached to the Converted Entity upon the Effective Time, and may be enforced against the Converted Entity to the same
extent as if said debts, liabilities and duties had originally been incurred or contracted by the Converted Entity in its capacity as
a corporation of the State of Delaware. The rights, privileges, powers and interests in property of the Converting Entity existing immediately
prior to the Effective Time, as well as the debts, liabilities and duties of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall not be deemed, as a consequence of the Conversion, to have been transferred to the Converted Entity upon the Effective Time
for any purpose of the laws of the State of Nevada.

-1-

(c) The Conversion shall not be deemed to affect any obligations or liabilities of the Converting Entity incurred
prior to the Conversion or the personal liability of any person incurred prior to the Conversion.

(d) Upon the Effective Time, the name of the Converted Entity shall remain unchanged and continue to be Gaxos.ai
Inc.

(e) The Converting Entity intends for the Conversion to constitute a tax-free reorganization qualifying under
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

2. Filings. As promptly as practicable following the adoption of this Plan by the Board of Directors
and the stockholders of the Converting Entity, the Converting Entity shall cause the Conversion to be effective by:

(a) executing and filing (or causing the execution and filing of) Articles of Conversion pursuant to Section
92A.205 of the NRS, (the Nevada Articles of Conversion), with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada;

(b) executing and filing (or causing the execution and filing of) a Certificate of Conversion pursuant to
Sections 103 and 266 of the DGCL, (the Delaware Certificate of Conversion), with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware; and

(c) executing and filing (or causing the execution and filing of) Articles of Incorporation of the Converted
Entity, (the Nevada Articles of Incorporation), with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.

3. Effective Time. The Conversion shall become effective upon the last to occur of the filing of the
Nevada Articles of Conversion, the Delaware Certificate of Conversion and the Nevada Articles of Incorporation (the time of the effectiveness
of the Conversion, the Effective Time).

4. Effect of Conversion.

(a) Effect on Common Stock. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion and without any further
action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the
Converting Entity (Converting Entity Common Stock) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall convert into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Converted
Entity (Converted Entity Common Stock).

(b) Effect on Outstanding Stock Options. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion and without any further action on
the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each option to acquire shares of Converting Entity
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall convert into an equivalent option to acquire, upon the same terms
and conditions (including the vesting schedule and exercise price per share applicable to each such option) as were in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, the same number of shares of Converted Entity Common Stock.

-2-

(c) Effect on Outstanding Warrants or Other Rights. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion
and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each warrant or other right to acquire shares
of Converting Entity Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall convert into an equivalent warrant or other
right to acquire, upon the same terms and conditions (including the vesting schedule and exercise price per share applicable to each such
warrant or other right) as were in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, the same number of shares of Converted Entity Common
Stock.

(d) Effect on Stock Certificates. All of the outstanding certificates representing shares of Converting
Entity Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be deemed for all purposes to continue to evidence ownership of and
to represent the same number of shares of Converted Entity Common Stock.

(e) Effect on Employee Benefit, Equity Incentive or Other Similar Plans. Upon the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Conversion and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, each employee benefit
plan, equity incentive plan or other similar plan to which the Converting Entity is a party shall continue to be a plan of the Converted
Entity. To the extent that any such plan provides for the issuance of Converting Entity Common Stock, upon the Effective Time, such plan
shall be deemed to provide for the issuance of Converted Entity Common Stock.

(f) Effect of Conversion on Directors and Officers. Upon the Effective Time, by virtue of the Conversion
and without any further action on the part of the Converting Entity or its stockholders, the members of the Board of Directors and the
officers of the Converting Entity holding their respective offices in the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall continue in their respective offices as members of the Board of Directors and officers, respectively, of the Converted Entity.

5. Further Assurances. If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Converted Entity shall determine
or be advised that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, agreements, documents or assurances or any other acts or things are necessary,
desirable or proper, consistent with the terms of this Plan, (a) to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Converted
Entity its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, purposes, franchises, properties
or assets of the Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time, or (b) to otherwise carry out the purposes of this
Plan, the Converted Entity and its officers and directors (or their designees), are hereby authorized to solicit in the name of the Converted
Entity any third-party consents or other documents required to be delivered by any third party, to execute and deliver, in the name and
on behalf of the Converted Entity, all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments, agreements, documents and assurances and do, in the name
and on behalf of the Converted Entity, all such other acts and things necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm its right,
title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, purposes, franchises, properties or assets of the
Converting Entity existing immediately prior to the Effective Time and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Plan.

6. Nevada Bylaws. Upon the Effective Time, the bylaws of the Converted Entity shall be the Bylaws
of Gaxos.ai Inc..

7. Copy of Plan of Conversion. After the Conversion, a copy of this Plan will be kept on file at the
offices of the Converted Entity, and any stockholder of the Converted Entity (or former stockholder of the Converting Entity) may request
a copy of this Plan at no charge at any time.

-3-

8. Termination. At any time prior to the Effective Time, this Plan may be terminated, and the transactions
contemplated hereby may be abandoned by action of the Board of Directors of the Converting Entity if, in the opinion of the Board of Directors
of the Converting Entity, such action would be in the best interests of the Converting Entity and its stockholders. In the event of termination
of this Plan, this Plan shall become void and of no further force or effect

9. Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Plan shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other
than as expressly provided herein.

10. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Plan will be interpreted in such manner
as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Plan is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable
law, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this
Plan.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

-4-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby
causes this Plan to be duly executed as of the date hereof.

GAXOS.AI INC.

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Vadim Mats

Vadim Mats

Its: Chief Executive Officer

-5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023272201ex3-2_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF CONVERSION FILED WITH THE DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE ON FEBRUARY 28, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

STATE OF DELAWARE CERTIFICATE OF CONVERSION FROM
A DELAWARE

CORPORATION TO A NON-DELAWARE ENTITY PURSUANT TO SECTION 266 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

1. The name of the Delaware corporation is Gaxos.ai Inc.

(If changed, the name under which its Certificate of Incorporation
was originally filed: The NFT Gaming Company, Inc.

2. The date of filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation
with the Delaware Secretary of State is March 30, 2022.

3. The jurisdiction to which the corporation shall convert is (list
jurisdiction) Nevada and the name under which the entity shall be known is Gaxos.ai Inc.

4. The conversion has been approved in accordance
with Section 266 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

5. The corporation agrees that it may be served
with process in the State of Delaware in any action, suit or proceeding for enforcement of any obligation of the corporation arising while
it was a corporation of the State of Delaware, as well as for enforcement of any obligation of such other entity arising from the conversion,
including any suit or other proceeding to enforce the right of any stockholders as determined in appraisal proceedings pursuant to Section
262 of Title 8, and irrevocably appoints the Secretary of State of Delaware as its agent to accept service of process in any such action,
suit or proceeding.

6. The address to which a copy of the process
shall be mailed by the Secretary of State is 101 Eisenhower Parkway, Suite 300 Roseland, NJ 07068.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed
this Certificate on the 25th day of February , A.D.2025.

By: /s/ Vadim Mats

Authorized Officer

Name: Vadim Mats

Print or Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023272201ex3-3_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF GAXOS.AI INC, A NEVADA CORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR

Secretary
of State

401
North Carson Street

Carson
City, Nevada 89701-4201

(775)
684-5708

Website:
www.nvsos.gov

www.nvsilverflume.gov 

Instructions
for Formation

-

Profit
Corporation

IMPORTANT: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE
COMPLETING FORM.

TYPE or PRINT the following information and submit the filing
with Customer Order Instruction Form and payment:

Please select the entity type at
the top of the form that is being created and follow the instructions below applicable to the filing.

1.
NAME OF ENTITY: A name appearing to be that of a natural person and containing a given name or initials must not be used as
a corporate name except with the addition of a corporate ending such as Incorporated, Inc., Limited, Ltd., Company, Co.,
Corporation, Corp. or other words that identify it as not being a natural person.

The name selected must be distinguishable
from the names of all other artificial persons formed, organized, registered or qualified pursuant to the provisions of this title that
are on file in the Office of the Secretary of State. If it appears from the name and/or purpose of the entity being formed that it is
to be regulated by the Financial Institutions Division, Insurance Division, State Board of Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors,
State Board of Accountancy or Real Estate Division, the application will need to be approved by the regulating agency before it is filed
with the Office of the Secretary of State.

NRS 78A entities: An entity name must be indicated
within the title block to the form.

NRS 80 entities: Name must
match as it is on file in home jurisdiction. A file stamped copy of the document most recently filed by the corporation in its home jurisdiction
verifying the entity name and total authorized stock. If the name is not available for use a Modified Name Resolution form, electing a
name to conduct business in Nevada may be submitted along with the Qualification to do Business in Nevada. (The Modified Name Resolution
form is for electing a modified name for use in the state of Nevada, when the name of foreign corporation is not available for use or
restricted word is denied by Nevada regulatory board.)

NRS 89 entities (Corporation):
The corporate name must contain the last name of one or more of its current or former stockholders. The corporate name of a professional
corporation must contain the words Professional Corporation, or the abbreviations of Prof. Corp., or P.C.,
or PC, or the word Chartered, or the abbreviation Chtd., or the word Limited,
or the abbreviation Ltd.

2.
REGISTERED AGENT: Persons wishing to incorporate in the State of Nevada must designate a registered agent who resides or is located
in this state. Every registered agent must have a street address in this state for service of process, and may have a separate Nevada
mailing address such as a post office box, which may be different from the street address. Registered agent must sign certificate of acceptance
within section 2. If the registered agent is unable to sign the Articles of Formation, submit a separate signed Registered Agent Acceptance
form.

3.
GOVERNING BOARD: Indicate whether the close corporation elects to be run by a board of directors. If so, set forth their names
and addresses. Use a separate 8 x 11 sheet as necessary for additional directors. Directors must be at least 18 years of age.

Page 1 of 2

Revised: 8/1/2023

4.
NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS/TRUSTEES, OR STOCKHOLDERS: NRS 78, NRS 78A and NRS 89: State the names and
addresses of the first governing board. Use a separate 8 x 11 sheet as necessary for additional members. The governing
board must be that of a natural person who is at least 18 years of age.

NRS 89, Professional Corporation: A certificate
from the regulating board of the profession to be practiced showing that each of the directors, and each of the stockholders who is a
natural person, is licensed to practice the profession must be attached.

5.
JURISDICTION OF FORMATION: The name of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the governmental acts or other instrument of authority
by which the corporation was created and declare that the corporation is in good standing in the jurisdiction of its formation.

6.
BENEFIT CORPORATION: By selecting Yes you are indicating that the corporation is organized as a benefit corporation
organized pursuant to NRS Chapter 78B with a purpose of creating a general or specific public benefit. The purpose for which the benefit
corporation is created must be disclosed within its formation filing.

7.
PURPOSE/PROFESSION TO BE PRACTICED: The purpose is required for entities pursuant to NRS 80. Professional Corporation pursuant
to NRS 89 must indicate the profession to be practiced. A corporation that has indicated to be a Benefit Corporation is required to state
the purpose, please refer to NRS 78B for additional information.

8.
AUTHORIZED SHARES: State the number of shares the corporation shall have the authority to issue with par value and its par value
in appropriate space provided. State the number of shares without par value in the space provided for shares without par value.

NRS 80: Foreign corporations
must file with the same amount of authorized shares indicating par value (if any) as what is on file in the home jurisdiction.

9.
OFFICER MAKING STATEMENT: Name and signature of the officer(s) or authorized person(s) making the statement for the filing for
the foreign corporation is required. Additional 8 x 11 white sheet will be necessary if more than 1 person.

10.
INCORPORATOR: Name and address of the incorporator(s) are required. Each incorporator must sign. Additional 8 x 11 white
sheet will be necessary if more than 1 incorporator. NRS 89 entities: Each person organizing the corporation must, except as otherwise
provided in subsection 2 of NRS 89.050, be authorized to perform the professional service for which the corporation is organized.

Page 2 of 2

Revised: 8/1/2023

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR SECRETARY OF STATE 401 NORTH CARSON STREET CARSON CITY, NEVADA 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 WEBSITE: WWW.NVSOS.GOV WWW.NVSILVERFLUME.GOV
ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY FORMATION - PROFIT CORPORATION NRS 78 - Articles of Incorporation Domestic Corporation NRS 80 - Foreign
Corporation NRS 89 - Articles of Incorporation Professional Corporation NRS 80 - Foreign Corporation Professional Corporation 78A FORMATION
- CLOSE CORPORATION (Name of Close Corporation MUST appear in the below heading) ARTICLES OF FORMATION OF A CLOSE CORPORATION (NRS 78A)
TYPE OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 1. NAME OF ENTITY: (If foreign, name in home jurisdiction) Gaxos.ai Inc. 2. REGISTERED
AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS: (Check only one box) 2A. CERTIFICATE OF ACCEPTANCE OF APPOINTMENT OF REGISTERED AGENT: Commercial Registered
Noncommercial Registered Office or Position with Entity Agent:(name only below) Agent (name and address below) (title and address below)
SPI Agent Solutions, Inc. Name of Registered Agent OR Title of Office or Position with Entity 4825 Nevoso Drive Suite 2&3 Las Vegas
Nevada 89103 Street Address City Zip Code Nevada Mailing Address (if different from street address) City Zip Code I HEREBY ACCEPT APPOINTMENT
AS REGISTERED AGENT FOR THE ABOVE NAMED ENTITY. IF THE REGISTERED AGENT IS UNABLE TO SIGN THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION, SUBMIT A SEPARATE
SIGNED REGISTERED AGENT ACCEPTANCE FORM. X AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE OF REGISTERED AGENT OR ON BEHALF OF REGISTERED AGENT ENTITY Date 3. GOVERNING
BOARD: (NRS 78A, close corporation only, check one box; if yes, complete article 4 below) This corporation is a close corporation operating
with a board of directors Yes OR No 4. NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS/ TRUSTEES OR STOCKHOLDERS (NRS 78: Board of Directors/
Trustees is required. NRS 78a: Required if the Close Corporation is governed by a board of directors. NRS 89: Required to have the Original
stockholders and directors. A certificate from the regulatory board must be submitted showing that each individual is licensed at the
time of filing. See instructions) 1) Vadim Mats Name Country 101 Eisenhower Pkwy Roseland NJ 07068 Street Address City State Zip/Postal
Code 2) Adam Holzer USA Name Country 101 Eisenhower Pkwy Roseland NJ 07068 Street Address City State Zip/Postal Code 3) Alex Kisin USA
Name Country 101 Eisenhower Pkwy Roseland NJ 07068 Street Address City State Zip/Postal Code 5. JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION: (NRS 80
only) 5A. Jurisdiction of incorporation: 5B. I declare this entity is in good standing in the jurisdiction of its incorporation. THIS
FORM MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY APPROPRIATE FEES. Page 1 of 2 Revised: 5/22/2024

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR SECRETARY OF STATE 401 NORTH CARSON STREET CARSON CITY, NEVADA 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 WEBSITE: WWW.NVSOS.GOV WWW.NVSILVERFLUME.GOV
6. BENEFIT CORPORATION: (For NRS 78, NRS 78A, and NRS 89, optional. See instructions.) By selecting Yes you are indicating
that the corporation is organized as a benefit corporation pursuant to NRS Chapter 78B with a purpose of creating a YES general or specific
public benefit. The purpose for which the benefit corporation is created must be disclosed in the below purpose field. 7. PURPOSE/PROFESSION
TO BE PRACTICED: (Required for NRS 80, NRS 89 and any entity selecting Benefit Corporation. See instructions.) 8. AUTHORIZED SHARES:
(Number of shares corporation is authorized to issue NRS 80: Must include copy of the most recently filed in home jurisdiction setting
forth the authorized stock of the corporation.) Please indicate the break down of all corporate shares and the par value. Number of Authorized
shares with Par value: 55000000 Par value: $0.0001000000 Number of Common shares with Par value: 50,000,000 Par value: $0.0001000000
Number of Preferred shares with Par value: 5,000,000 Par value: $0.0001000000 Number of shares with no par value: FOREIGN CORPORATIONS,
NRS 80 ONLY: This is a corporation is a This is a corporation is a unlimited stock corporation non-stock corporation. If more than one
class or series of stock is authorized, please attach the information on an additional sheet of paper. 9. NAME AND SIGNATURE OF: OFFICER
MAKING THE STATEMENT OR AUTHORIZED SIGNER for NRS 80. NAME, ADDRESS AND SIGNATURE OF the INCORPORATOR for NRS 78, 78A, and 89. NRS 89
- Each Organizer/ Incorporator must be a licensed professional. I declare, to the best of my knowledge under penalty of perjury, that
the information contained herein is correct and acknowledge that pursuant to NRS 239.330, it is a category C felony to knowingly offer
any false or forged instrument for filing in the Office of the Secretary of State. Emily Mastoloni USA Name Country 30 Rockefeller Plaza
New York NY 10112 Address City State Zip/Postal Code X /S/ EMILY MASTOLONI (attach additional page if necessary) AN INITIAL LIST OF OFFICERS
MUST ACCOMPANY THIS FILING PLEASE INCLUDE ANY REQUIRED OR OPTIONAL INFORMATION IN SPACE BELOW: (attach additional page(s) if necessary)
Article 4 (Continued) Name and Addresses of the Board of Directors Scott A. Grayson 101 Eisenhower Pkwy Roseland, NJ 07068 See attached
Annex A which is incorporated by reference herein. THIS FORM MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY APPROPRIATE FEES. Page 2 of 2 Revised: 5/21/2024

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov
Initial List of Officers, Managers, Members, General Partners, Managing Partners, or Trustees: NAME OF ENTITY TYPE OR PRINT ONLY - USE
DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT IMPORTANT: Read instructions before completing and returning this form. Please indicate the entity type
(check only one): Corporation This corporation is publicly traded, the Central Index Key number is: Nonprofit Corporation (see nonprofit
sections below) Limited-Liability Company Limited Partnership Limited-Liability Partnership Limited-Liability Limited Partnership (If
formed at the same time as the Limited Partnership) Business Trust Additional Officers, Managers, Members, General Partners, Managing
Partners, Trustees or Subscribers, may be listed on a supplemental page. CHECK ONLY IF APPLICABLE Pursuant to NRS Chapter 76, this entity
is exempt from the business license fee. 001 - Governmental Entity 006 - NRS 680B.020 Insurance Co, provide license or certificate of
authority number For nonprofit entities formed under NRS Chapter 80: entities without 501(c) nonprofit designation are required to maintain
a state business license, the fee is $200.00. Those claiming an exemption under 501(c) designation must indicate by checking box below.
Pursuant to NRS Chapter 76, this entity is a 501(c) nonprofit entity and is exempt from the business license fee. Exemption code 002
For nonprofit entities formed under NRS Chapter 81: entities which are Unit-owners association or Religious, charitable, fraternal or
other organization that qualifies as a tax-exempt organization pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 501(c) are excluded from the requirement
to obtain a state business license. Please indicate below if this entity falls under one of these categories by marking the appropriate
box. If the entity does not fall under either of these categories please submit $200.00 for the state business license. Unit-owners
Association Religious, charitable, fraternal or other organization that qualifies as a tax-exempt organization pursuant to 26 U.S.C.
501(c) For nonprofit entities formed under NRS Chapter 82 and 80: Charitable Solicitation Information - check applicable box Does
the Organization intend to solicit charitable or tax deductible contributions? No no additional form is required Yes 
the Charitable Solicitation Registration Statement is required. The Organization claims exemption pursuant to NRS 82A.210
- the Exemption From Charitable Solicitation Registration Statement is required ** Failure to include the required statement
form will result in rejection of the filing and could result in late fees.**

FRANCISCO
V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov
Officers, Managers, Members, General Partners, Managing Partners or Trustees: CORPORATION, INDICATE THE PRESIDENT, OR EQUIVALENT OF:
Title: Chief Executive Officer Vadim Mats USA Name Country 101 Eisenhower Parkway, Suite 300 Roseland NJ 07068 Address City State Zip/Postal
Code CORPORATION, INDICATE THE SECRETARY, OR EQUIVALENT OF: Title: Secretary Vadim Mats USA Name Country 101 Eisenhower Parkway, Suite
300 Roseland NJ 07068 Address City State Zip/Postal Code CORPORATION, INDICATE THE TREASURER, OR EQUIVALENT OF: Title: Chief Financial
Officer Name Country 101 Eisenhower Parkway, Suite 300 Roseland NJ 07068 Address City State Zip/Postal Code CORPORATION, INDICATE THE
DIRECTOR: Vadim Mats USA Name Country 101 Eisenhower Parkway, Suite 300 Roseland NJ 07068 Address City State Zip/Postal Code None of
the officers or directors identified in the list of officers has been identified with the fraudulent intent of concealing the identity
of any person or persons exercising the power or authority of an officer or director in furtherance of any unlawful conduct. I declare,
to the best of my knowledge under penalty of perjury, that the information contained herein is correct and acknowledge that pursuant
to NRS 239.330, it is a category C felony to knowingly offer any false or forged instrument for filing in the Office of the Secretary
of State. X Vadim Mats Chief Executive Officer 02/27/2025 Signature of Officer, Manager, Managing Member, General Partner, Managing Partner,
Title Date Trustee, Member, Owner of Business, Partner or Authorized Signer FORM WILL BE RETURNED IF UNSIGNED.

Annex A

ARTICLE TENTH

CAPITAL STOCK

The corporation
is authorized to issue 55,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 50,000,000 shares are authorized as common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (Common Stock) and 5,000,000 are authorized as preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred
Stock).

(A) Common
Stock. A statement of the designations, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions in respect to the
shares of Common Stock is as follows:

(i) Dividends.
The board of directors (the Board of Directors or Board) of the corporation may cause dividends to be paid
to the holders of shares of Common Stock out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends by declaring an amount per share
as a dividend. When and as dividends are declared on the Common Stock, whether payable in cash, in property or in shares of stock or other
securities of the corporation, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably according to the number of shares of Common
Stock held by them, in such dividends.

(ii) Liquidation
Rights. Subject to the terms of any resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section B of this ARTICLE
TENTH, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the corporation, the holders
of Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably, according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in all remaining assets
of the corporation available for distribution to its stockholders.

(iii) Voting
Rights. Except as otherwise provided in these Articles of Incorporation or required by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to vote on each matter on which the stockholders of the corporation shall be entitled to vote, and each holder of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of such stock held by him. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required
by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to these Articles of Incorporation (including any resolution
adopted pursuant to Section B of this ARTICLE TENTH relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one
or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a
class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to these Articles of Incorporation (including any resolution
adopted pursuant to Section B of this ARTICLE TENTH relating to any series of Preferred Stock).

(B) Preferred
Stock. The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitation prescribed by law, to adopt one or more resolutions to provide
for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to applicable Nevada law
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The number of authorized shares
of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to
vote thereon.

The authority
of the Board of Directors with respect to each series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of the following:

(i)
The number of shares constituting the series and the distinctive designation of the series;

(ii) The
dividend rate (or the method of calculation of dividends) on the shares of the series, whether dividends will be cumulative, and if so,
from which date or dates, and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of dividends on shares of the series;

(iii) Whether
the series shall have voting rights, in addition to the voting rights required by law, and if so, the terms of such voting rights;

- 1 -

(iv) Whether
the series shall have conversion rights, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion, including provision for adjustment of
the conversion rate in such events as the Board of Directors shall determine;

(v) Whether
or not the shares of that series shall be redeemable or exchangeable, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption or exchange,
as the case may be, including the date or dates upon or after which they shall be redeemable or exchangeable, as the case may be, and
the amount per share payable in case of redemption, which amount may vary under different conditions and at different redemption dates;

(vi) Whether
the series shall have a sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of that series, and if so, the terms and amount of such
sinking fund;

(vii) The
rights of the shares of the series in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation,
and the relative rights or priority, if any, of payment of shares of the series; and

(viii)
Any other relative rights, preferences, powers and limitations of that series.

Except for any difference so provided by the Board of Directors,
the shares of Preferred Stock will rank on parity with respect to the payment of dividends and to the distribution of assets upon liquidation.

ARTICLE ELEVENTH

DIRECTORS

(A) Number
of Directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified
circumstances, the number of directors which shall constitute the Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by resolutions adopted
by a majority of the whole Board, provided that the number of directors shall not be less than three (3).

(B) Term
of Directors. The Board of Directors shall have power to elect each additional director to hold office until the next annual meeting
of stockholders and until their successor is elected and qualified or their earlier death, resignation or removal pursuant to paragraph
(D) of this ARTICLE ELEVENTH. Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class
or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, the election of directors shall be determined
by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon.

(C) Vacancies.
Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, unless the Board of Directors
otherwise determines, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on
the Board of Directors resulting from the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall be
filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office and entitled to vote thereon, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director entitled to vote thereon, and not by the stockholders of the corporation. Any director so chosen shall hold office until his
or her successor shall be elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal
from office. Any decrease in the number of directors shall take effect at the time of such action by the Board only to the extent that
vacancies then exist; to the extent that such decrease ex-ceeds the number of such vacancies, the decrease shall not become effective,
except as further vacancies may thereafter occur, until the time of and in connection with the election of direc-tors at the next succeeding
annual meeting of the stockholders. If the office of any director becomes vacant, by reason of death, resignation, disqualification or
otherwise, a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, may fill the vacancy by electing a successor who shall
hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor is elected and qualified or their earlier resignation
or removal.

- 2 -

(D) Resignation
or Removal. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any director, or the entire Board of
Directors, may be removed from office, but only for cause, by a vote of stockholders representing not less than 66 and 2/3% of the
voting power of the issued and outstanding Common Stock (or, if any holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding are entitled to vote
together with the holders of Common Stock, as a single class with such holders of Preferred Stock) entitled to vote at an annual or
special meeting of the stockholders duly noticed and called in accordance with the bylaws. Any director may resign at any time by
giving written notice of their resignation to the Board. Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the Board,
or at such later date as may be specified therein.

(E)
No Written Ballot. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws shall so provide.

ARTICLE TWELFTH

EXISTENCE

The corporation is to have perpetual
existence.

ARTICLE THIRTEENTH

PURPOSE

The corporation is formed for the purpose
of engaging in any lawful activity for which corporations may be organized under the laws of the State of Nevada.

ARTICLE FOURTEENTH

STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT;
SPECIAL MEETINGS

(A) Stockholder
Action by Written Consent. Except as otherwise provided with respect to a series of Preferred Stock in a resolution or resolutions
adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to ARTICLE TENTH, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders must be
effected at a duly called meeting of such stockholders upon prior notice in the manner required by the bylaws.

(B) Special
Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Nevada, and at such
time and on such date as shall be determined by the Board and stated in the corporations notice of the meeting, provided that the
Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that the special meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by
means of electronic communication pursuant to the corporations bylaws. Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or
purposes shall be called by the Secretary of the corporation at the written request by a majority of the whole Board, by the Chairman
of the Board of Directors or by the President of the corporation. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.
Business transacted at any special meeting shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. Except as otherwise restricted by the
Articles of Incorporation or applicable law, the Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately as a
class or series, to elect directors, such holders may call, pursuant to the terms of the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board
of Directors pursuant to ARTICLE TENTH, special meetings of holders of such Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE FIFTEENTH

LIABILITY

The personal liability of all directors,
stockholders and officers of the corporation is hereby eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of the NRS and particularly
Section 78.747 therefor, as the same may be amended or supplemented.

- 3 -

ARTICLE SIXTEENTH

INDEMNIFICATION

The corporation shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by the provisions of Section 78.751 of the NRS, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons
whom it shall have the power to indemnify under such section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or other matters
referred to in or covered by such section, and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which those indemnified persons may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders and disinterested directors or otherwise,
both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in any other capacity while holding such office, and shall
continue as to persons who have ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall insure to the benefit of the heirs, executors
and administrators of such persons. The corporation shall pay or otherwise advance all expenses of officers and directors incurred in
defending a civil or criminal action, suit or providing as such expenses are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action,
suit or proceeding, provided that the indemnified officer or director undertakes to repay the amounts so advanced if a court of competent
jurisdiction ultimately determines that such officer or director is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. Nothing herein
shall be construed to affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which personnel other than officers or directors of the corporation
may be entitled under any contract or otherwise by law.

ARTICLE SEVENTEENTH

SECURITIES

No stockholder shall be entitled as
a matter of right to subscribe for or receive additional shares of any class of stock of the corporation, whether nor or hereafter authorized,
or any bonds, debentures or securities convertible into stock, but such additional shares of stock or other securities convertible into
stock may be issued or disposed of by the Board of Directors to such persons and on such terms as in its discretion it shall deem advisable.

ARTICLE EIGHTEENTH

AMENDMENT TO
ARTICLES

The corporation reserves the right
to amend, alter, change or repeal and provision contained in these Articles of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by statute, or by these Articles of Incorporation, and all rights conferred upon the stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE NINETEENTH

BYLAWS

The Board of Directors shall adopt
the initial bylaws of the corporation. The Board of Directors shall also have the power to alter, amend or repeal the bylaws, or to adopt
new bylaws, except as otherwise may be specifically provided in the bylaws.

ARTICLE TWENTIETH

MANDATORY FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF
DISPUTES

To the fullest extent
permitted by law, and unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial
District Court of Clark County, Nevada, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for each of the following: (a) any derivative action
or proceeding brought in the name or right of the corporation or on its behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of any
fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation to the corporation or the corporations
stockholders, (c) any action arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS Chapters 78 or 92A or any
provision of these Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws of the corporation or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the
internal affairs doctrine, including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of these
Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws of the corporation. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in
shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this ARTICLE
TWENTIETH.

ARTICLE TWENTY-FIRST

SPECIAL PROVISIONS REGARDING DISTRIBUTIONS

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in these Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws, the corporation is hereby specifically allowed to make any distribution that otherwise
would be prohibited by NRS 78.288(2)(b).

ARTICLE TWENTY-SECOND

INAPPLICABILITY OF COMBINATIONS WITH
INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS STATUTES

At such time, if any, as the Corporation
becomes a resident domestic corporation (as defined in NRS 78.427), the Corporation shall not be subject to, or governed
by, any of the provisions in NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, as amended from time to time, or any successor statutes.

- 4 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023272201ex3-4_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAWS OF GAXOS.AI INC, A NEVADA CORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.4

BYLAWS 

OF 

GAXOS.AI INC.

(hereinafter called the Corporation)

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Section 1.1 Registered
Office. The registered office of the corporation shall be established and maintained at the office of SPI Agent Solutions, Inc., at
4625 W. Nevso Drive, Suites 2, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark shall be the registered agent of the corporation in charge
thereof. The registered office and registered agent may be changed from time to time by action of the board of directors of the Corporation
(the Board of Directors) and the appropriate filing by the corporation in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada.

Section 1.02. Principal
Office. The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 101 Eisenhower Pkwy, Suite 300 Roseland,
New Jersey 07068. The Board of Directors is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location
to another.

Section 1.3 Other
Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Nevada, as the Board of
Directors may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 2.1 Annual
Meetings. The Annual Meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for purposes of the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) 78.330
shall be held on such date and at such time and such place as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors in the notice
of meeting, provided that the Board may in its sole discretion determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead
be held solely by means of electronic communication pursuant to Section 9.2(a). The election of directors and any other
proper business may be transacted at the Annual Meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.2 Special
Meetings. Except as otherwise required by law, Special Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only in accordance
with the provisions of the Corporations Articles of Incorporation.

Section 2.3 Place
of Meetings. The president, the Board of Directors, or a committee of the Board of Directors, as the case may be, may designate the
time and place, either within or without the State of Nevada, for any Annual Meeting or for any Special Meeting of the stockholders called
by the president, the Board of Directors, or a committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that any meeting of the stockholders shall be held by means of electronic communications
or other available technology in accordance with Section 2.17.

Section 2.4 Notice.
Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which
shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, the means of electronic communication, if any,
by which stockholders or proxies may be deemed to be present in the meeting and vote,and,
in the case of a Special Meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by law, written notice
of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, and shall be delivered in accordance with NRS 78.370.

Section 2.5 Adjournments.
Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be
given of any such adjourned meeting if the date, time and place thereof, and the means of electronic communication, if any, are announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have
been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than sixty (60) days, or if after the adjournment a new record
date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.4 hereof
shall be given to each stockholder of record (including the new record date) entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.

Section 2.6 Quorum.
Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Articles of Incorporation, the holders of one-third of the Corporations capital
stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all
meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough
votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, a quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders
entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the
manner provided in Section 2.5 hereof, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

Section 2.7 Voting.

(a) Unless otherwise required
by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, other than the election
of directors, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast on a matter at the meeting at which a quorum
is present. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the election. Broker non-votes and abstentions are considered
for purposes of establishing a quorum but not considered as votes cast for or against a proposal or director nominee.

(b) Unless otherwise provided
in the Articles of Incorporation, and subject to Section 2.11(a), each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall
be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes
may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 2.8. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation
presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officers discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall
be cast by written ballot.

(c) At any stockholders meeting,
every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy. If authorized by the Board of Directors, the voting by stockholders
or proxy holders at any meeting conducted by electronic communication may be effected by a ballot submitted by electronic transmission,
provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which the Corporation can determine
that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxy holder. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the
chairman of the meeting of stockholders, in such persons discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast
by written ballot.

Section 2.8 Proxies.
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without
a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted upon after six
(6) months from its date of creation, unless such proxy provides for a longer period, which may not exceed seven (7) years from the date
of its creation. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder
as proxy, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority:

(i) A stockholder
may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the
stockholder or such stockholders authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such persons
signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature.

(ii) A stockholder
may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an electronic
transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or
like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive the transmission, provided that any such electronic
transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission
was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such electronic transmission is valid, the inspectors or, if there are no
inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information on which they relied.

Any copy, facsimile or other electronic telecommunication
or other reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a stockholder
may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or electronic transmission for any and all purposes for which the original
writing or electronic transmission could be used; provided, however, that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other
reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or electronic transmission .

2

Section 2.9 Consent
of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders may be effected only in accordance
with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation.

Section 2.10 List
of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare
and make, at least ten (10) days but not more than sixty (60) days, before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list
of the stockholders of record entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder
of record and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder of record. Such list shall be open to the examination of
any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior
to the meeting (i) either (A) at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice
of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held or (B) on a reasonably accessible electronic network,
provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting or (ii) during ordinary
business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available
on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders
of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, the list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the
meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. Except as otherwise required by law, such
list shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders. If a meeting
of stockholders is to be held solely by means of electronic communication as permitted by Section 9.2(a), the list shall be open
to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information
required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of meeting. In the event that more than one group of shares is entitled
to vote as a separate voting group at the meeting, there shall be a separate listing of the stockholders of each group.

Section 2.11 Record
Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the stockholders
or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor
less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day
before the day on which the first notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day
on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders
shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date
for the adjourned meeting.

Section 2.12 Stock
Ledger. The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock
ledger, the list required by Section 2.10 or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the
stockholders.

Section 2.13 Conduct
of Meetings. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the Board of
Directors (the Chairman), or, in the absence of the Chairman, by the vice chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, or
if there be no vice chairman or in the absence of the vice chairman, by the chief executive officer, if any, or if there be no chief executive
officer or in the absence of the chief executive officer, by the president, or, in the absence of the president, or, in the absence of
any of the foregoing persons, by a chairman designated by the Board of Directors, or by a chairman chosen at the meeting by the stockholders
entitled to cast a majority of the votes which all stockholders present in person or by proxy are entitled to cast. The individual acting
as chairman of the meeting may delegate any or all of his or her authority and responsibilities as such to any director or officer of
the Corporation present in person at the meeting. The secretary, or in the absence of the secretary an assistant secretary, shall act
as secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of the secretary and any assistant secretary the chairman of the meeting may appoint any
person to act as secretary of the meeting. The order of business at each such meeting shall be as determined by the chairman of the meeting.
The chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such
acts and things as are necessary or desirable for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (i) the establishment
of procedures for the maintenance of order and safety, (ii) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting,
(iii) limitation on participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their
duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall permit, (iv) limitation on the
time allotted for consideration of each agenda item and for questions or comments by meeting participants, (v) restrictions on entry
to such meeting after the time prescribed for the commencement thereof, and (vi) the opening and closing of the voting polls. The
Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the chairman of the meeting, in his or her discretion, may require that any votes cast at such
meeting shall be cast by written ballot.

3

Section 2.14 Inspectors
of Election. In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman or the president shall
appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as
alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders,
the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors
may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector,
shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors
ability. The inspector or inspectors may (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each; (ii) determine
the number of shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies or ballots; (iii) count all votes and ballots; (iv) determine
any challenges made to any determination made by the inspector(s); and (v) certify the determination of the number of shares represented
at the meeting and the count of all votes and ballots.

Section 2.15 Nature
of Business at Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board of Directors and the
election of directors, which must comply with the provisions of Section 2.16) may be transacted at an Annual Meeting of stockholders
as is either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors
(or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the Annual Meeting by or at the direction of the
Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before the Annual Meeting by any
stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 2.15
and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such Annual Meeting and (ii) who
complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.15.

In addition to any other
applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given
timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.

To be timely, a stockholders
notice to the secretary must be delivered to or be mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less
than ninety (90) days nor more than one-hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding
Annual Meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the Annual Meeting is called for a date that is
not within twenty-five (25) days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so
received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such notice of the date of the Annual
Meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the Annual Meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the
adjournment or postponement of an Annual Meeting, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time
period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

To be in proper written
form, a stockholders notice to the secretary must set forth the following information: (a) as to each matter such stockholder
proposes to bring before the Annual Meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the Annual Meeting and the
reasons for conducting such business at the Annual Meeting, and (b) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series
and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates
of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record
by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each
such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge
or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such
person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement
or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or
on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate
loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase
or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect
to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between
or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection
with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such business,
including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, (iv) a representation
that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting to bring such business before the meeting;
and (v) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing
required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought
by such person before the Annual Meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

4

A stockholder providing
notice of business proposed to be brought before an Annual Meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that
the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall be true and correct as of
the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and such update and supplement shall
be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business
days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting.

No business shall be conducted
at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders except business brought before the Annual Meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in
this Section 2.15; provided, however, that, once business has been properly brought before the Annual Meeting in accordance
with such procedures, nothing in this Section 2.15 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any such business.
If the chairman of an Annual Meeting determines that business was not properly brought before the Annual Meeting in accordance with the
foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such
business shall not be transacted.

Nothing contained in this
Section 2.15 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy
statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).

Section 2.16 Nomination
of Directors. Only natural persons of at least 18 years of age who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall
be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation with respect
to the right of holders of preferred stock, if any, of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain
circumstances. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any Annual Meeting of stockholders, or at
any Special Meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors
(or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (b) by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on
the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 2.16 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at such Annual Meeting or Special Meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set
forth in this Section 2.16.

In addition to any other
applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper
written form to the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice to the secretary must be delivered to or
be mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) in the case of an Annual Meeting, not less than
ninety (90) days nor more than one-hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding
Annual Meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the Annual Meeting is called for a date that is
not within twenty-five (25) days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so
received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such notice of the date of the Annual
Meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the Annual Meeting was made, whichever first occurs; and (b) in the case
of a Special Meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day
following the day on which notice of the date of the Special Meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the Special Meeting
was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an Annual Meeting or a Special Meeting called for
the purpose of electing directors, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend
any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

5

To be in proper written
form, a stockholders notice to the secretary must set forth the following information: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder
proposes to nominate for election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person and that
such person is a natural person of at least 18 years of age, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the
class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any
affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially
but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation
held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest,
hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of
such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement
or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or
on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate
loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase
or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect
to stock of the Corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy
statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14
of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the
beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of the stockholder giving
the notice and the name and principal place of business of such beneficial owner; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of
all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such
person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any
affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether
and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction
has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation
and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position
or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or
associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock
price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary
or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a
description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates
of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are
being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination,
including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation
that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting or Special Meeting to nominate the persons
named in its notice; and (v) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement
or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each
proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected.

A stockholder providing
notice of any nomination proposed to be made at an Annual Meeting or Special Meeting shall further update and supplement such notice,
if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall be true
and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting or Special Meeting,
and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of
the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive
notice of such Annual Meeting or Special Meeting.

6

No person shall be eligible
for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.16.
If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall
declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.

Section 2.17 Meetings
Through Electronic Communications. If authorized by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines
and procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and proxy holders not physically present
at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of electronic communication:

(i) participate in a
meeting of stockholders; and

(ii) be deemed present
in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of electronic
communication, provided that (A) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and
permitted to vote at the meeting by means of electronic communication is a stockholder or proxy holder and (B) the Corporation shall
implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxy holders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and,
if entitled to vote, to vote on matters submitted to the applicable stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings
of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (C) if any stockholder or proxy holder votes or takes other
action at the meeting by means of electronic communication, a record of such votes or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation.
Participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.17 constitutes presence in person at
the meeting.

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

Section 3.1 Number,
Election and Term of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of not less than one (1) nor more than fifteen (15) members,
the exact number of which shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. No decrease in the number of authorized directors
constituting the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Except as provided in Section 3.2,
directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at each Annual Meeting of stockholders and each director so elected shall
hold office until such directors successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such directors earlier death, resignation
or removal in the manner hereinafter provided or as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. Directors must be natural persons of at
least 18 years of age but need not be stockholders of the Corporation or residents of the State of Nevada.

Section 3.2 Vacancies.
Except as otherwise required by law, vacancies on the Board and newly created directorships will be filled in accordance with the Articles
of Incorporation. 

Section 3.3 Duties
and Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which
may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation
or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 3.4 Meetings.
The Board of Directors and any committee thereof may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Nevada.
Regular meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be held without notice at such date and time and at such place
as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors or such committee, respectively. Special meetings of the Board of Directors
may be called by the Chairman, if any, or the president. Special meetings of any committee of the Board of Directors may be called by
the chairman of such committee, if any, the president, or any director serving on such committee. Notice thereof stating the place, date
and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director (or, in the case of a committee, to each member of such committee) either by mail
not less than seventy-two (72) hours before the date of the meeting, by telephone or electronic mail on twenty-four (24) hours
notice, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.

7

Section 3.5 Organization.
At each meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the chairman of such committee,
as the case may be, or, in his or her absence or if there be none, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act
as chairman. Except as provided below, the secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors
and of each committee thereof. In case the secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof,
an assistant secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the secretary
and all the assistant secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the members of each committee of the Board of Directors may appoint any person to act as secretary of any meeting of such
committee and the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Corporation may, but need not if such committee so elects, serve in such
capacity.

Section 3.6 Resignations
and Removals of Directors.

(a) Any director of
the Corporation may resign from the Board of Directors or any committee thereof at any time, by giving notice in writing or by electronic
transmission to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, the president or the secretary of the Corporation and, in the case
of a committee, to the chairman of such committee, if any. Such resignation shall take effect at the time therein specified or, if no
time is specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary
to make it effective.

(b) Any director or
the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation. Any director serving on a committee
of the Board of Directors may be removed from such committee at any time by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.7 Quorum
and Voting.

(a) Except as otherwise
required or permitted by the Articles of Incorporation, the NRS or the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system
on which the Corporations securities are listed or quoted for trading, at all meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee
thereof, a majority of the entire Board of Directors or a majority of the directors constituting such committee, as the case may be, shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors or committee members present at any meeting
at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors or such committee, as applicable. If a quorum shall not be present
at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to
time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

(b) Each director shall
have one vote for any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or any committee thereof or without a meeting
as provided herein. In accordance with NRS 78.330, all directors shall have the same voting rights.

Section 3.8 Actions
of the Board by Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the
members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and
the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors
or such committee.

Section 3.9 Meetings
by Means of Conference Telephone. Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members
of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means
of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other,
and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 3.9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

8

Section 3.10 Committees.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation.
Each member of a committee must meet the requirements for membership, if any, imposed by applicable law and the rules and regulations
of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading. The Board
of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member
at any meeting of any such committee. Subject to the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the
securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading, in the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in
the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member
or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum,
may unanimously appoint another qualified member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified
member. Any committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise
all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize
the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to
the Board of Directors when required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article III, the resolution of the Board
of Directors establishing any committee of the Board of Directors and/or the charter of any such committee may establish requirements
or procedures relating to the governance and/or operation of such committee that are different from, or in addition to, those set forth
in these Bylaws and, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between these Bylaws and any such resolution or charter, the terms
of such resolution or charter shall be controlling; provided that it complies with the NRS.

Section 3.11 Compensation.
The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum
for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or securities. No
such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members
of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for service as committee members.

Section 3.12 Interested
Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation
and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors
or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer
is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction,
or solely because any such directors or officers vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to
the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the
affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the
material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed
or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote
of the stockholders holding a majority of the voting power (the votes of the common or interested directors may be counted); and (iii) the
contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors,
a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting
of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction as set forth herein.

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 4.1 General.
The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a chief executive officer, president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer
and a secretary, each of whom shall be elected by the Board. Such other officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary may
be elected or appointed by the Board. All officers must be natural persons and any natural person may hold two or more offices, except
that in the event that the Corporation shall have more than one director, the offices of president and secretary shall be held by different
persons.

9

Section 4.2 Election,
Qualification and Term of Office. Each of the officers shall be elected by the Board. None of said officers need be a director. Except
as hereinafter provided or subject to the express provisions of a contract authorized by the Board of Directors, each of said officers
shall hold office from the date of his/her election until the next annual meeting of the Board and until his/her successor shall have
been duly elected and qualified or until his or her removal or resignation.

Section 4.3 Voting
Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating
to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the president or any vice president
or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation,
take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation
in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident
to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The
Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.

Section 4.4 Removal.
The Board of Directors shall have the right to remove, with or without cause, any officer of the Corporation.

Section 4.5 Resignation.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice to the Board, the president or the secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect
at the date of receipt of such notice or at any later date specified therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance
of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 4.6 Vacancies.
The Board of Directors shall fill any office which becomes vacant with a successor who shall hold office for the unexpired term and until
his/her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her removal or resignation.

Section 4.7 Powers
and Duties. The powers and duties of the respective corporate officers shall be determined by the Board.

Section 4.8 Salaries.
The salaries of all executive officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or by such committee of the Board of
Directors as may be designated from time to time by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors.

Section 4.9 Other
Officers. Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to
time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the
power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

ARTICLE V 

STOCK 

Section 5.1 Shares
of Stock. The shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be represented by a certificate or may be uncertificated. Every holder
of capital stock of the Corporation theretofore represented by certificates and, upon request, every holder of uncertificated shares,
shall be entitled to have a certificate for shares of capital stock of the Corporation signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by,
(a) the Chairman, the chief executive officer or the president, and (b) the chief financial officer or the secretary, certifying
the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation.

Section 5.2 Signatures.
Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose
facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate
is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at
the date of issue.

10

Section 5.3 Lost
Certificates. Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may direct a new
certificate or uncertificated shares be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been
lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen
or destroyed. When authorizing such issuance of a new certificate or uncertificated shares, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion
and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners
legal representative, to identify the same in such manner as the Board of Directors shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond
in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft
or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.

Section 5.4 Transfers.
Stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by applicable law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of stock shall
be made only on the books of the Corporation, and in the case of certificated shares of stock, only by the person named in the certificate
or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon the surrender of the certificate therefor, properly endorsed
for transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes; or, in the case of uncertificated shares of stock, upon receipt of proper transfer
instructions from the registered holder of the shares or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted in writing, and upon payment
of all necessary transfer taxes and compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form; provided,
however, that such surrender and endorsement, compliance or payment of taxes shall not be required in any case in which the officers
of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. With respect to certificated shares of stock, every certificate exchanged,
returned or surrendered to the Corporation shall be marked Cancelled, with the date of cancellation, by the Secretary or
Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or the transfer agent thereof. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for
any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred.

Section 5.5 Regulations.
The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the
issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares or uncertificated shares of the stock of the Corporation.

Section 5.6 Dividend
Record Date. Subject to compliance with NRS 78.288 and 78.300, and the Articles of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may
determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the
record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors
adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 5.7 Record
Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares
to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the
owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of
any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.

Section 5.8 Transfer
and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices
or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.9 Consideration
for Shares. The Board of Directors may authorize shares to be issued for consideration consisting of any tangible or intangible property
or benefit to the Corporation including, without limitation, cash, services performed or other securities of the Corporation. When the
Corporation receives the consideration for which the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of shares, such shares shall be fully
paid and non-assessable (if non-assessable stock) and the stockholders shall not be liable to the Corporation or to its creditors in respect
thereof.

11

ARTICLE VI 

NOTICES 

Section 6.1 Notice
to Directors. Whenever under applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any director,
such notice shall be given either (i) in writing and sent by mail, or by a nationally recognized delivery service, (ii) by means
of facsimile telecommunication or other form of electronic transmission, or (iii) by oral notice given personally or by telephone.
A notice to a director will be deemed given as follows: (i) if given by hand delivery, orally, or by telephone, when actually received
by the director, (ii) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon
prepaid, addressed to the director at the directors address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (iii) if sent for
next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid,
addressed to the director at the directors address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (iv) if sent by facsimile
telecommunication, when sent to the facsimile transmission number for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, (v) if
sent by electronic mail, when sent to the electronic mail address for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, or (vi) if
sent by any other form of electronic transmission, when sent to the address, location or number (as applicable) for such director appearing
on the records of the Corporation.

Section 6.2 Notice
to Stockholders. Whenever under applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any
stockholder, such notice may be given (i) in writing and sent either by hand delivery, through the United States mail, or by a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service for next day delivery, or (ii) by means of a form of electronic transmission consented to by
the stockholder, to the extent permitted by the NRS. A notice to a stockholder shall be deemed given as follows: (i) if given by
hand delivery, when actually received by the stockholder, (ii) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United
States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholders address appearing on the stock
ledger of the Corporation, (iii) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited
with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholders address appearing on the stock ledger
of the Corporation, and (iv) if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is
given and otherwise meeting the requirements set forth above, (A) if by facsimile transmission, when directed to a number at which
the stockholder has consented to receive notice, (B) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which
the stockholder has consented to receive notice, (C) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the
stockholder of such specified posting, upon the later of (1) such posting and (2) the giving of such separate notice, and (D) if
by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. A stockholder may revoke such stockholders consent
to receiving notice by means of electronic communication by giving written notice of such revocation to the Corporation. Any such consent
shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the
Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or to
the Corporations transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure
to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

Section 6.3 Electronic
Transmission. Electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission
of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced
in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process, including, but not limited to, transmission by telex, facsimile telecommunication,
electronic mail, telegram and cablegram. 

Section 6.4 Notice to
Stockholders Sharing Same Address. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively by the Corporation
to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the NRS, the Articles of Incorporation or
these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders
at that address to whom such notice is given. A stockholder may revoke such stockholders consent by delivering written notice of
such revocation to the Corporation. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation within sixty (60) days of having
been given written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send such a single written notice shall be deemed to have consented to
receiving such single written notice.

12

Section 6.5 Waivers of
Notice. Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director,
member of a committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, or by transmission
of an electronic transmission by that person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

Attendance of a person at
a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends
the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting
is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders
or any regular or special meeting of the directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice
unless so required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

ARTICLE VII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 7.1 Dividends.
Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the NRS and the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation,
if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written
consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof), and may be paid in cash or in property other than shares. Before
payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board
of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing
any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness
of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose,
and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.

Section 7.2 Disbursements.
All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons
as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 7.3 Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 7.4 Corporate
Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate
Seal, Nevada. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE VIII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Power
to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 8.3
and to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of
the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action,
suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons
conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner
which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful.

13

Section 8.2 Power
to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 8.3 and to the
fullest extent permitted by the NRS, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party
to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason
of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection
with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the
court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view
of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court in
which such action or suit was brought deem proper.

Section 8.3 Authorization
of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only
as permitted by the NRS and authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director
or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1
or Section 8.2, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the
time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even
though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though
less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written
opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person
or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director
or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above,
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.

Section 8.4 Good
Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under Section 8.3, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and
in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful, if such persons
action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person
by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation
or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified
public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The provisions
of this Section 8.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed
to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, as the case may be.

Section 8.5 Indemnification
by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 8.3, and notwithstanding the absence
of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Nevada for indemnification
to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be
a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met
the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination
in the specific case under Section 8.3 nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or
create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any
application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application.
If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting
such application.

Section 8.6 Expenses
Payable in Advance. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such
action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall
ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII. Such
expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon
such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate.

14

Section 8.7 Nonexclusivity
of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to,
this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses
may be entitled under the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise,
both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the
policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Section 8.1 and Section 8.2 shall be made to the
fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person
who is not specified in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the
provisions of the NRS, or otherwise.

Section 8.8 Insurance.
The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or
is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred
by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the
power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII.

Section 8.9 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting
corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if
its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who
is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving
at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or
surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

The term another enterprise
as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes
of this Article VIII, references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee
benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee
benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed
to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not
opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article VIII.

Section 8.10 Survival
of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to,
this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director
or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

Section 8.11 Limitation
on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights
to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 8.5), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or
officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or
part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors.

Section 8.12 Indemnification
of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights
to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this Article
VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation.

15

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.1 Acquisition
of Controlling Interest Statute OptOut. The provisions of NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, shall not apply to the Corporation
or to an acquisition of a controlling interest (as defined in NRS 78.3785).

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENTS 

Section 10.1 Amendments.
These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed by the Board as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation or by
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 and 2/3% of the outstanding voting power of the Corporation, voting together as a single
class.

16

CERTIFICATION

The
undersigned, as the duly elected Secretary of Gaxos.ai Inc., a Nevada corporation, does hereby certify that the Board of Directors of
the Corporation adopted the foregoing Bylaws as of February 28, 2025.

/s/ Vadim Mats

Vadim Mats, Secretary

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023272201ex99-1_gaxos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED MARCH 4, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Gaxos.ai Inc. Announces Reincorporation in
the State of Nevada

ROSELAND, NJ, March 4, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
Gaxos.ai Inc. (Nasdaq: GXAI) (the Company), a company developing artificial
intelligence applications across various sectors, today announced that the Company has reincorporated in the State of Nevada from
State of Delaware (the Reincorporation).

The Reincorporation was previously approved by
the board of directors of the Company, and subsequently approved by the stockholders of the Company at the Companys Annual Meeting of
stockholders held on December 27, 2024. The Company is now subject to the Nevada Revised Statutes.

The Reincorporation did not affect any of the
Companys contracts with any third parties, and the Companys rights and obligations under such contractual arrangements continue
to be rights and obligations of the Company after the Reincorporation. In addition, no changes have been made to the Board of Directors,
management, business or operations of the Company as a result of the Reincorporation.

The Company will not be replacing nor will any
Company stockholders be required to exchange their stock certificates for new stock certificates in connection with the Reincorporation.

The common stock of the Company will continue
to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the same GXAI symbol.

About
Gaxos.ai Inc.

Gaxos.aI isnt just developing
applications; its redefining the human-AI relationship. Our offerings span health and wellness as well as gaming. Were committed to
addressing health, longevity, and entertainment, through AI solutions.

Forward-Looking
Statements

All statements other
than statements of historical fact in this announcement are forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties
and are based on current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that the Company believes may affect its
financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Investors can identify these forward-looking statements
by words or phrases such as may, will, expect, anticipate, aim,
estimate, intend, plan, believe, potential, continue,
is/are likely to or other similar expressions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law. Although the
Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations
will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results
and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Companys filings with the SEC.

Gaxos.ai
Inc. Company Contact

Investor Relations

E: ir@gaxos.ai

T: 1-888-319-2499
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gxai-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>gxai-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>gxai-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex3-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex3-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex3-1_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex3-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex3-3_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex3-3_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex3-3_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex3-3_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K12B

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41620

Entity Registrant Name GAXOS.AI INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001895618

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3288897

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 101 Eisenhower Pkwy

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Roseland

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07068

City Area Code 973

Local Phone Number 275-7428

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol GXAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gaxos.ai/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0232722-8k12b_gaxos.htm 
gxai-20250303.xsd 
gxai-20250303_lab.xml 
gxai-20250303_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-020195-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ea0232722-8k12b_gaxos_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001895618 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001895618 
8-K12B 
2025-03-03 
GAXOS.AI INC. 
NV 
001-41620 
87-3288897 
101 Eisenhower Pkwy 
Suite 300 
Roseland 
NJ 
07068 
973 
275-7428 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 
GXAI 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>