<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-026656.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-026656.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321161532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-026656
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNH Industrial Capital LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				391937630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55510
		FILM NUMBER:		25760690

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5729 WASHINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262.636.6011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5729 WASHINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CNH Capital LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120619
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258823d9_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000155249300015524932025-03-212025-03-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): March 21, 2025

CNH Industrial Capital LLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation) 000-55510

(Commission File Number) 39-1937630

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5729 Washington Avenue

Racine, Wisconsin

(Address of principal executive offices) 53406

(Zip Code)

(262) 636-6011

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 8.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 hereto, is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On
March 21, 2025, CNH Industrial Capital LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CNH Industrial N.V. (CNH Capital), completed
its previously announced offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of CNH Capitals 4.750% notes due 2028 (the Notes)
with an issue price of 99.658%, pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, among CNH Capital, the Guarantors (as
defined below) and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Goldman Sachs &
Co. LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto (the Underwriting Agreement). The Notes
and the related guarantees were offered and sold under a registration statement on Form S-3ASR (Registration Nos. 333-285756, 333-285756-01,
333-285756-02), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 12, 2025 (the Registration
Statement). CNH Capital and the Guarantors have also filed with the SEC
a prospectus supplement, dated March 18, 2025, together with the
accompanying prospectus, dated March 12, 2025, in connection with the offering of the Notes and the related guarantees.

The
Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated July 2, 2020 (the Indenture), among CNH Capital, CNH Industrial
Capital America LLC and New Holland Credit Company, LLC (together with CNH Industrial Capital America LLC, the Guarantors)
and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), and an Officers Certificate of the Company, dated March 21, 2025,
pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 3.01 of the Indenture (the Officers Certificate).

The
Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per annum and mature on March 21, 2028. Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually
on March 21 and September 21 of each year, commencing on September 21, 2025, to the holders of record of such Notes at
the close of business on March 7 or September 7, respectively, preceding such interest payment date. The Indenture contains
covenants that limit, among other things: (i) the ability of CNH Capital and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured debt or
enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and (ii) the ability of CNH Capital and the Guarantors to consolidate, merge, convey,
transfer or lease all or substantially all of their respective properties and assets. These covenants are subject to important exceptions
and limitations.

The
Notes will be redeemable, at the option of CNH Capital, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal
to the greater of (i) the make-whole amount set forth in the Officers Certificate and (ii) 100% of the principal amount
thereof, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the redemption date.

The
description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by the Underwriting Agreement, the Officers Certificate, the form
of the Notes and the Indenture. Copies of the Underwriting Agreement, the Officers Certificate and the form of the Notes are attached
hereto as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference, and the Indenture (which contains the form of
the guarantees) was filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2020.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

Exhibit 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, among CNH Capital, the Guarantors and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto.

Exhibit 4.1 Officers Certificate, dated as of March 21, 2025.

Exhibit 4.2 Form of 4.750% Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.1).

Exhibit 5.1 Opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP.

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC 

Date: March 21, 2025 By: /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258823d9_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

$500,000,000

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC

4.750% Notes due 2028

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

March 18, 2025

BNP Paribas
Securities Corp.

BofA Securities, Inc.

Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc.

Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC

As Representatives of the several

Underwriters named in Schedule I attached
hereto

c/o BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

787 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019

c/o BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

c/o Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

1 Columbus Circle

New York, New York 10022

c/o Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West Street

New York, New York 10282

Ladies and Gentlemen:

CNH Industrial Capital LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Company) and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CNH Industrial
N.V. (the Parent), proposes, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement (this Agreement),
to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule I hereto (the Underwriters), for whom
BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are acting
as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives), $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of
the Companys 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the Notes). The Notes (i) will have terms and provisions that
are summarized in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (each as defined below), and (ii) are to be issued pursuant to
an Indenture, dated July 2, 2020 (the Indenture), entered into among the Company, the Guarantors (as
defined below) and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), and an officers certificate or supplemental
indenture pursuant thereto establishing the terms of the Notes. The Companys obligations under the Notes, including the due and
punctual payment of interest on the Notes, will be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed (the Guarantees)
by the guarantors named in Schedule II hereto (together the Guarantors). As used herein, the term Notes
shall include the Guarantees, unless the context otherwise requires. This Agreement is to confirm the agreement concerning the purchase
of the Notes from the Company by the Underwriters.

1. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of the Company. The Company represents, warrants and agrees that:

(a) Registration
Statement. A registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285756) relating to the Notes and the Guarantees has (i) been
prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) thereunder,
(ii) been filed with the Commission under the Securities Act and (iii) become effective under the Securities Act. Copies of
such registration statement and any amendment thereto have been delivered by the Company to you as the representatives of the Underwriters.
The Company shall be deemed to have delivered copies of such registration statement and any amendment thereto to the Representatives if
the Company has filed such documents with the Commission via the EDGAR filing system (or any successor system). As used in this Agreement:

(i) Applicable
Time means 3:10 p.m. (New York City time) on March 18, 2025;

(ii) Effective
Date means any date as of which a part of the registration statement relating to the Notes became, or is deemed to have
become, effective in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder;

(iii) Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means each issuer free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 433 under the
Securities Act);

(iv) Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus relating to the Notes included in any Registration Statement or filed with
the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, including any preliminary prospectus supplement thereto relating
to the Notes;

(v) Pricing
Disclosure Package means, as of the Applicable Time, the most recent Preliminary Prospectus, together with each Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus filed or used by the Company at or before the Applicable Time, other than an electronic road show that is an Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus but is not required to be filed under Rule 433 under the Securities Act;

(vi) Prospectus
means the final prospectus relating to the Notes, including any prospectus supplement thereto relating to the Notes, as filed with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act;

2 

(vii) Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement (File Nos. 333-285756, 333-285756-01, 333-285756-02),
each as amended as of the Effective Date for such part, including any prospectus included therein, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus,
all exhibits to such registration statement and including the information deemed by virtue of Rule 430B under the Securities Act
to be part of such registration statement as of the applicable Effective Date; and

(viii) Marketing
Materials means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus other than any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus specified in Schedule IV
hereto, and including but not limited to any electronic roadshow slides and any accompanying audio recording used in connection with the
marketing of the Notes.

Any reference to any prospectus, the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Form S-3
under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be. Any reference
to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included
in the Registration Statement or filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act prior to or on the date hereof. Any
reference to any amendment or supplement to any prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and
include any document filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), after
the date of such prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, and incorporated by reference in such prospectus,
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference to any amendment to the Registration Statement shall be
deemed to include any document filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the
applicable Effective Date that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. The Commission has not issued any order preventing
or suspending the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and,
to the Companys knowledge, no proceeding or examination for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against
the Company or related to the offering of the Notes has been instituted or threatened by the Commission. The Commission has not notified
the Parent or the Company of any objection to the use of the form of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto.

(b) Status
as Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. At the time of initial filing of the Registration Statement, each of the Parent
and the Company was, and at the date hereof, each of the Parent and the Company is, a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined
in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) eligible to use Form S-3. The Company was not an ineligible issuer (as defined
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) at the earliest time after the time of initial filing of the Registration Statement that the
Company or another offering participant makes a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities
Act) of the Notes. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405)
and was filed not earlier than the date that is three years prior to the Closing Date (as defined below).

(c) Registration
Statement Conforms to Requirements of Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement conformed and will conform in all
material respects on the applicable Effective Date and on the Closing Date, and any amendment to the Registration Statement filed after
the date hereof will conform in all material respects when filed, to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. The Preliminary Prospectus conformed, and the Prospectus will conform, in all material respects when filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act and on the Closing Date to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. The documents incorporated by reference in any prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus conformed,
and any subsequent documents so incorporated will conform, when filed with the Commission, in all material respects to the requirements
of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

3 

(d) No
Omissions or Material Misstatements in Registration Statement. The Registration Statement did not, as of the applicable Effective
Date, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading; provided that no representation or warranty is made as to information contained in or omitted
from the Registration Statement in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives
by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information is specified in Section 8(e) of this
Agreement.

(e) No
Omissions or Material Misstatements in Prospectus. The Prospectus will not, as of its date or as of the Closing Date, contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided that no representation or warranty is made as to information contained in
or omitted from the Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company through the Representatives
by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information is specified in Section 8(e) of this
Agreement.

(f) No
Omissions or Material Misstatements in Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
any prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus did not, and any subsequent documents filed and incorporated by reference therein
will not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(g) No
Omissions or Material Misstatements in Pricing Disclosure Package. The Pricing Disclosure Package did not, as of the Applicable Time,
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that no representation or warranty is made as to information
contained in or omitted from the Pricing Disclosure Package in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the
Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information is specified
in Section 8(e) of this Agreement.

(h) No
Omissions or Material Misstatements in Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed in Schedule III
hereto, when taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package, did not, as of the Applicable Time, contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; provided that no representation or warranty is made as to information contained in or omitted from
such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed in Schedule III hereto in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information is
specified in Section 8(e) of this Agreement.

4 

(i) Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus Conforms to Requirements of Securities Act. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conformed or will conform
in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder on the date of first
use, and the Company has complied with all prospectus delivery and any filing requirements applicable to such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
pursuant to the Securities Act and rules and regulations thereunder. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Notes that
would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, except (i) as set forth, and substantially in the form set forth, on Schedule IV
hereto or (ii) that which the Representatives have been provided the opportunity to review and to which the Representatives do not
reasonably object. The Company has retained in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder all Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses that were not required to be filed pursuant to the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(j) Good
Standing. The Parent, the Company, each of the Companys significant subsidiaries, as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation
S-X under the Securities Act (such subsidiaries, Significant Subsidiaries), and each Guarantor has been duly
incorporated or organized, as applicable, and is existing and, if applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization,
in the case of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries with power and authority (corporate and other) to own its properties and conduct
its business as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the Company, each of the Companys Significant
Subsidiaries and each Guarantor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or other entity, as applicable, in good standing
in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except
where the failure to be so qualified in such other jurisdictions would not result in a Material Adverse Effect (as hereinafter defined).

(k) Subsidiaries.
All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, membership interests or other equity interests of each Significant Subsidiary
of the Company and each Guarantor have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable; and the shares of
capital stock, membership interests or other equity interests of each Significant Subsidiary and each Guarantor owned by the Company,
directly or through subsidiaries, are owned free from liens, encumbrances and defects.

(l) Indenture.
The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and each of the Guarantors; the Notes have been duly
authorized by the Company; and when the Notes are delivered and paid for pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date, such Notes will
have been duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered, will conform to the description thereof contained in the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, and the Indenture and such Notes will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and
the Guarantors, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium
and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles, and be entitled
to the benefits provided by the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (the Trust
Indenture Act). The Indenture will conform to the description thereof in each of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus.

5 

(m) No
Finders Fee. Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no contracts, agreements or
understandings between the Company or any Guarantor and any person relating to the offering or sale of the Notes that would give rise
to a valid claim against the Company, any Guarantor or any of the Underwriters for a brokerage commission, finders fee or other
like payment.

(n) Guarantee.
The Guarantee to be endorsed on the Notes by each Guarantor has been duly authorized by such Guarantor; and, when the Notes are delivered
and paid for pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date and issued, executed and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture, the Guarantee of each Guarantor endorsed thereon will have been duly executed and delivered by each such Guarantor, will conform
to the description thereof contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will constitute valid and legally binding
obligations of such Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles.

(o) No
Registration Rights. There are no contracts, agreements or understandings between the Company or any Guarantor and any person granting
such person the right to require the Company or any Guarantor to file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to
any securities of the Company or such Guarantor.

(p) Absence
of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing or registration with, any governmental agency
or body or any court is required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Indenture in connection
with the offering, issuance and sale of the Notes and the Guarantees by the Company and the Guarantors, except such as have been obtained
under or is made pursuant to the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act and such as may be required under the blue sky laws of any
U.S. jurisdiction or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Notes by the Underwriters
in the manner contemplated herein and in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(q) Title
to Property. Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, each of the Company, the Companys Significant
Subsidiaries and the Guarantors have good and marketable title to all real properties and all other properties and assets owned by them,
in each case free from liens, charges, encumbrances and defects, except such liens, charges encumbrances and defects that would not have
a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below); and, except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, each of the
Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors holds any leased real or personal property under valid and enforceable leases
with no terms or provisions that would have a Material Adverse Effect.

6 

(r) Absence
of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from Transaction. The execution, delivery and performance of the Indenture and this Agreement
and the issuance and sale of the Notes and Guarantees and compliance with the terms and provisions thereof will not result in a breach
or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined)
under, or result in the imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries
or the Guarantors pursuant to, (i) the charter or by-laws (or similar organizational documents) of the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries
or the Guarantors, (ii) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign,
having jurisdiction over the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries or the Guarantors or any of their properties, or (iii) any agreement
or instrument to which the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries or the Guarantors is a party or by which the Company, its Significant
Subsidiaries or the Guarantors is bound or to which any of the properties of the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries or the Guarantors
is subject, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse
Effect or impair the ability of the Company or the Guarantors to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; a Debt Repayment
Triggering Event means any event or condition that gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder
of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the
repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries or the Guarantors.

(s) Absence
of Existing Defaults and Conflicts. None of the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors is in violation of its respective
charter or by-laws (or similar organizational documents) or in default (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would be in default)
under any existing obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, lease or other agreement
or instrument to which any of them is a party or by which any of them is bound or to which any of the properties of any of them is subject,
except such defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on the condition (financial
or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors
taken as a whole (Material Adverse Effect).

(t) Authorization
of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantors.

(u) Possession
of Licenses and Permits. The Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors possess, and are in compliance with the terms
of, all certificates, authorizations, franchises, licenses and permits (collectively, Licenses) necessary
and material to the conduct of the business now conducted or proposed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted
by them and have not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Licenses that, if reasonably
likely to be determined adversely to the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries or the Guarantors would, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Absence
of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries or the Guarantors exists or, to
the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantors, is imminent that would have a Material Adverse Effect.

7 

(w) Possession
of Intellectual Property. The Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors own, possess or can acquire on reasonable terms,
adequate trademarks, trade names and other rights to inventions, know-how, patents, copyrights, confidential information and other intellectual
property (collectively, intellectual property rights) necessary to conduct the business now operated by them,
or presently employed by them, and have not received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect
to any intellectual property rights that, if determined adversely to the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors, would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(x) Cybersecurity.
Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have taken reasonable technical and organizational
measures necessary to protect the information technology systems and data used in connection with the operation of the Companys
and its subsidiaries businesses. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its subsidiaries have used reasonable efforts
to establish and maintain, and have established, maintained, implemented and complied with, in all material respects, reasonable information
technology, information security, cyber security and data protection controls, policies and procedures, including oversight, access controls,
encryption, technological and physical safeguards and business continuity/disaster recovery and security plans that are designed to protect
against and prevent breach, destruction, loss, unauthorized distribution, use, access, disablement, misappropriation or modification,
or other compromise or misuse of or relating to any information technology system or data used in connection with the operation of the
Companys and its subsidiaries businesses (a Breach). Except as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect, there has been no Breach, and the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of, any event
or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in a Breach. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company
is in compliance with all currently applicable laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security.

(y) Environmental
Laws. Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a)(i) neither the Company nor any of its Significant
Subsidiaries is in violation of, or has any liability under, any federal, state, local or non-U.S. statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance,
code, other requirement or rule of law (including common law), or decision or order of any domestic or foreign governmental agency,
governmental body or court, relating to pollution, to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, discharge, disposal or release
of Hazardous Substances (as hereinafter defined), to the protection or restoration of the environment or natural resources (including
biota), to health and safety including as such relates to exposure to Hazardous Substances, and to natural resource damages (collectively,
Environmental Laws), (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries owns, occupies,
operates or uses any real property contaminated with Hazardous Substances, (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries
is conducting or funding any investigation, remediation, remedial action or monitoring of actual or suspected Hazardous Substances in
the environment, (iv) neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries is liable or allegedly liable for any release or
threatened release of Hazardous Substances, including at any off-site treatment, storage or disposal site, (v) neither the Company
nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries is subject to any claim by any governmental agency or governmental body or person relating to
Environmental Laws or Hazardous Substances, and (vi) the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors have received and
are in compliance with all, and have no liability under any, permits, licenses, authorizations, identification numbers or other approvals
required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses, except in each case covered by clauses (i) 
(vi) such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) to the knowledge of the Company
and the Guarantors there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of, liability under
or claim pursuant to any Environmental Law that would have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) to the knowledge of the Company and
the Guarantors there are no requirements proposed for adoption or implementation under any Environmental Law that would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection Hazardous Substances means
(A) petroleum and petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated
biphenyls and mold, and (B) any other chemical, material or substance defined or regulated as toxic or hazardous or as a pollutant,
contaminant or waste under Environmental Laws.

8 

(z) Accurate
Disclosure. The statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the headings Certain U.S. Federal Income
Tax Consequences, Description of the Notes and Underwriting, insofar as such statements summarize the
laws, agreements and documents discussed therein, fairly and accurately present in all material respects the laws, agreements and documents
discussed therein.

(aa) Absence
of Manipulation. None of the Company, the Guarantors or any of their respective affiliates has taken, either alone or with one or
more other persons, directly or indirectly, any action that has constituted, that was designed to cause or result in or that could reasonably
be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Notes.

(bb) Statistical
and Market Related Data. Any third party statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that
the Company and the Guarantors believe to be reliable and accurate.

(cc) Independent
Auditors. (i) Ernst & Young LLP, who has certified certain financial statements of the Company incorporated by reference
in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, was the independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company
and its subsidiaries and the Parent and its subsidiaries within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the
Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and (ii) Deloitte & Touche LLP is the independent registered
public accounting firm with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries and the Parent and its subsidiaries within the meaning of the
applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

(dd) Internal
Controls. The Parent and the Company maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their
respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. The Parent and the Company maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with the generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in
accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

9 

(ee) Disclosure
Controls. (i) The Parent and the Company maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Exchange Act), (ii) such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Parent and the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management of the Parent and the Company, as applicable, including, in the case of the Parent, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, and in the case of the Company, the President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure; and (iii) except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, such
disclosure controls and procedures are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established.

(ff) Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(gg) Taxes.
The Company, its Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors have filed all federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax returns that are
required to be filed or have requested extensions thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file would not have a Material
Adverse Effect); and, except as set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company, its Significant Subsidiaries
and the Guarantors have paid all taxes (including any assessments, fines or penalties) required to be paid by them, except for any such
taxes, assessments, fines or penalties currently being contested in good faith or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(hh) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no pending actions, suits or proceedings (including
any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) against or affecting the Company, any
of its Significant Subsidiaries, any of the Guarantors or any of their respective properties that are reasonably likely to be determined
adversely to the Company, any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any of the Guarantors and would, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company and the Guarantors to perform their respective
obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement; and no such actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations
by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) are, to the Companys and the Guarantors knowledge, threatened
or contemplated.

(ii) Financial
Statements of the Company. The financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus present fairly the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates shown
and their results of operations and cash flows for the periods shown, and, except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States applied on a consistent basis.

10 

(jj) Financial
Statements of the Parent. The financial statements of the Parent included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
present fairly the financial position of the Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates shown and their results of operations
and cash flows for the periods shown, and, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, such financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis.

(kk) No
Material Adverse Change in Business. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
since the end of the period covered by the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus (i) there has been no change, nor any development or event involving a prospective
change, that would have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or
made by the Company on any class of its membership interests and (iii) there has been no change in the capital stock, membership
interests or other equity interests, short-term indebtedness, long-term indebtedness, net current assets or net assets of the Parent,
the Company, the Companys Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors that would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ll) Investment
Company Act. None of the Company and the Guarantors is an open- end investment company, unit investment trust or face-amount certificate
company that is or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
Investment Company Act); and none of the Company and the Guarantors is or, after giving effect to the offering
and sale of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will
be an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act.

(mm) Regulations
T, U, X. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any agent thereof acting on their behalf has taken, and none of them
will take, any action that might cause this Agreement or the issuance or sale of the Notes to violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation
X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

(nn) Ratings.
No nationally recognized statistical rating organization as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange
Act (i) has imposed (or has informed the Company or the Guarantors that it is considering imposing) any condition (financial or otherwise)
on the Companys retaining any rating assigned to the Company or any securities of the Company, or (ii) has indicated to the
Company that it is considering any of the actions described in Section 7(i) hereof.

(oo) No
Prohibition on Dividends by Significant Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no
wholly owned Significant Subsidiary of the Company (other than any Securitization Subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture)) is currently
prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Significant Subsidiarys
capital stock, membership interests or other equity interests, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Significant
Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Significant Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other
subsidiary of the Company.

11 

(pp) Compliance
with FCPA. None of the Company or its subsidiaries or, to the best knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee
or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful
contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful
payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (FCPA); or (iv) made any bribe, rebate,
payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment. The Company has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed
to ensure continued compliance with anti-bribery laws, including, but not limited to, the FCPA.

(qq) Compliance
with Sanctions. None of the Company, its subsidiaries or, to the best knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or its subsidiaries is or is 50% or more owned or controlled by one or more persons that are currently the
target of any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department
of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, or the United Kingdom (Sanctions),
or is operating, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the target of country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions (as of
the date of this Agreement, the Crimea region of Ukraine or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive Order
14065, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, Syria, and North
Korea, collectively Sanctioned Jurisdictions). The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds
of the offering of the Notes hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture
partner or other person or entity, (i) for the purpose of financing the activities of any person that, at the time of such financing,
is the target of Sanctions, (ii) for the purpose of financing any activities in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction or (iii) in any other
manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person (including any person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter,
advisor, investor or otherwise). Within the past ten years, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and
are not now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with or involving any person that, at the time of such dealing or transaction
is or was the target of Sanctions, or with or involving any Sanctioned Jurisdiction. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have instituted
and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure continued compliance with Sanctions.

(rr) Compliance
with Money Laundering Laws. To the best knowledge of the Company, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have
been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign
Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder
and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or,
to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

12 

(ss) Insurance.
The Company, the Companys Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors have insurance coverage in respect of their assets, properties
and businesses that complies with the insurance policies and standards of the Parent related to the assets, properties and businesses
of, as applicable, the Parent, the Company, the Companys Significant Subsidiaries and the Guarantors.

(tt) Distribution
of Offering Materials. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of the Closing Date and completion of the
distribution of the Notes, will not distribute any offering materials in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes other than
(i) any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus set forth on Schedule IV hereto or (ii) those which the Representatives have been provided the
opportunity to review and to which the Representatives do not reasonably object in accordance with Section 5(a)(vi) or 5(a)(vii).

Any certificate signed by
any officer of the Company or a Guarantor and delivered to the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the
offering of the Notes shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company or such Guarantor, jointly and severally, as to matters
covered thereby, to each Underwriter.

2. Purchase
of the Notes by the Underwriters. The Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally hereby agree, on the basis of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the Underwriters contained herein and subject to all the terms and conditions set forth herein,
to issue and sell to the Underwriters and, upon the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Guarantors
herein contained and subject to all the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase
from the Company, at a purchase price of 99.283% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest from March 21, 2025 to the
date of payment, if any, the principal amount of Notes set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule I hereto. The
Company and the Guarantors shall not be obligated to deliver any of the Notes to be delivered hereunder except upon payment for all of
the Notes to be purchased as provided herein.

3. Offering
of Notes by the Underwriters. Upon authorization by the Representatives of the release of the Notes, the several Underwriters propose
to offer the Notes for sale upon the terms and conditions to be set forth in the Prospectus.

4. Delivery
of the Notes and Payment Therefor. Delivery to the Underwriters of and payment for the Notes shall be made at the office of Latham &
Watkins LLP, at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on March 21, 2025, or at such other time as the Representatives and the Company determine,
such time being herein referred to as the Closing Date. The place of closing for the Notes and the Closing
Date may be varied by agreement between the Underwriters and the Company.

13 

The Notes will be delivered
to the Underwriters, or the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), against payment by
or on behalf of the Underwriters of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the order of the Company,
by causing DTC to credit the Notes to the account of the Underwriters at DTC. The Notes will be evidenced by one or more global securities
in definitive form (the Global Notes) and will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee
of DTC.

5. Further
Agreements of the Company and the Guarantors and the Underwriters. (a) The Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree:

(i) To
prepare the Prospectus in a form approved by the Representatives and to file such Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act not later than the Commissions close of business on the second business day following the execution and delivery
of this Agreement; to make no further amendment or any supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus prior to the Closing
Date which amendment or supplement is not approved by the Representatives promptly after reasonable notice thereof (which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or except as provided herein; to advise the Representatives promptly of the time
when any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus has been filed and to furnish the Representatives with
copies thereof; to advise the Representatives, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the issuance by the Commission of any stop
order or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or threatening of any
proceeding or examination for any such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act, or any notice from the Commission
objecting to the use of the form of Registration Statement or any post-effective supplement thereto or of any request by the Commission
for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or for additional
information; and, in the event of the issuance of any stop order or of any order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus or
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or suspending any such qualification, to obtain as reasonably possible its withdrawal.

(ii) To
furnish promptly to the Representatives and to counsel for the Underwriters, upon their reasonable request in writing to the Company,
a copy of a manually executed version of the Registration Statement as originally filed with the Commission, and each amendment thereto
filed with the Commission, including all consents and exhibits filed therewith.

(iii) To
deliver promptly to the Representatives such number of the following documents as the Representatives shall reasonably request: (A) conformed
copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed with the Commission and each amendment thereto (in each case excluding exhibits
other than this Agreement and the computation of per share earnings); (B) each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any amended
or supplemented Prospectus; (C) each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus; and (D) any document incorporated by reference in any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus; and, if the delivery of a prospectus is required at any time after the date hereof in connection with the
offering or sale of the Notes or any other securities relating thereto and if at such time any events shall have occurred as a result
of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made when such Prospectus
is delivered, not misleading, or, if for any other reason it shall be necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus or to file under
the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference in the Prospectus in order to comply with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
to notify the Representatives and, upon their request, to file such document and to prepare and furnish without charge to each Underwriter
and to any dealer for the Notes as many copies as the Representatives may from time to time reasonably request of any such amended or
supplemented Prospectus that will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance.

14 

(iv) If
at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Pricing Disclosure
Package as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (ii) it
is necessary to amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters
thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to Section 5(a)(i) above, furnish to the Underwriters such amendments or supplements
to the Pricing Disclosure Package (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary
so that the statements in any of the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented (including such documents to be incorporated
by reference therein) will not, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, be misleading or so that any of the Pricing
Disclosure Package will comply with law.

(v) To
file promptly with the Commission any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that may, in the reasonable
judgment of the Company or the Representatives, be required by the Securities Act or requested by the Commission.

(vi) Prior
to filing with the Commission any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any document incorporated by
reference in the Prospectus or any amendment to any document incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, to furnish a copy thereof to
the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters and not to make such filing if the Representatives reasonably object.

(vii) Not
to make any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus other than those which the Representatives
have been provided the opportunity to review and to which the Representatives do not reasonably object.

(viii) To
comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 433 under the Securities Act with respect to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.
If at any time after the date hereof any events shall have occurred as a result of which any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as then amended
or supplemented, would conflict with the information in the Registration Statement, the most recent Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or, if for any other reason it shall be necessary to amend
or supplement any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, to notify the Representatives and, upon their request, to file such document and to prepare and furnish without charge to
each Underwriter as many copies as the Representatives may from time to time reasonably request of an amended or supplemented Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus that will correct such conflict, statement or omission or effect such compliance.

15 

(ix) To
timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to the Companys security
holders and to deliver to the Representatives an earnings statement of the Company and its subsidiaries (which need not be audited) complying
with Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (including, at the option of the Company,
Rule 158).

(x) Promptly
from time to time to take such action as the Representatives may reasonably request to qualify the Notes for offering and sale under the
securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may request and to comply with such laws so as to permit the
continuance of sales and dealings therein in such jurisdictions for as long as may be necessary to complete the distribution of the Notes;
provided that in connection therewith the Company shall not be required to (A) qualify as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction
in which it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (B) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction,
or (C) subject itself to taxation in any jurisdiction in which it would not otherwise be subject.

(xi) To
apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes being sold by the Company and the Guarantors substantially in accordance with the description
as set forth in the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds.

(xii) To
file with the Commission such information on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as may be required by Rule 463 under the Securities
Act.

(xiii) The
Company, the Guarantors and their respective affiliates will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted
or that reasonably would be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
in connection with the offering of the Notes.

(xiv) For
a period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the 60th day after the date of the Prospectus, the Company and the Guarantors agree
not to, directly or indirectly, except in connection with an Exempt Transaction (as defined below), (i) offer for sale, sell, or
otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction or device that is designed to, or would be expected to, result in the disposition
by any person at any time in the future of) any Lock-Up Securities (as hereinafter defined), or sell or grant options, rights or warrants
with respect to Lock-Up Securities, (ii) enter into any swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole
or in part, any of the economic benefits or risks of ownership of Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause
(i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of debt securities of the Company or other securities, in cash or otherwise,
(iii) file or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments, with respect to the registration of Lock-Up Securities,
or (iv) publicly announce an offering of any Lock-Up Securities, in each case without the prior written consent of the Representatives,
on behalf of the Underwriters. Exempt Transaction means (i) the issuance and sale of a debt security
in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and such debt security is not sold in a capital markets transaction (including,
without limitation any capital markets transaction made in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation S, in each case, under the Securities
Act) and (ii) any Securitization Transaction (as defined in the Indenture) entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection therewith. Lock-Up Securities
means debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries substantially similar to the Notes (in any event
having a maturity of more than one year from the date of issue) or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any
such debt securities of the Company.

16 

(xv) The
Company and the Guarantors will use their reasonable best efforts to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through
DTC.

(xvi) The
Company and the Guarantors agree to comply with all agreements set forth in the representation letters of the Company and the Guarantors
to DTC relating to the approval of the Notes by DTC for book-entry transfer.

(xvii) The
Company and the Guarantors will do and perform all things required or necessary to be done and performed under this Agreement by it prior
to the Closing Date.

(b) Each
Underwriter severally agrees that such Underwriter shall not include any issuer information (as defined in Rule 433
under the Securities Act) in any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) used or
referred to by such Underwriter without the prior consent of the Company (any such issuer information with respect to whose use the Company
has given its consent, Permitted Issuer Information); provided that (i) no such consent shall
be required with respect to any such issuer information contained in any document filed by the Company with the Commission prior to the
use of such free writing prospectus, including any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and (ii) issuer information,
(as used in this Section 5(b)), shall not be deemed to include information prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter on the basis
of or derived from issuer information. The Company and the Guarantors shall not be responsible to any Underwriter for liability arising
from any inaccuracy in such free writing prospectus referred to in clause (i) or that does not contain any issuer information
as compared with the information in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Pricing Disclosure Package.

6. Expenses.
Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Company and the
Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree, to pay all expenses, costs, fees and taxes incident to and in connection with: (a) the
authorization, issuance, sale and delivery of the Notes and any stamp duties or other taxes payable in that connection, and the preparation
of certificates for the Notes; (b) the preparation and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement (including any
exhibits thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto;
(c) the distribution of the Registration Statement (including any exhibits thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, or any document incorporated by reference therein, all as
provided in this Agreement; (d) the production and distribution of this Agreement, any supplemental agreement among Underwriters,
and any other related documents in connection with the offering, purchase, sale and delivery of the Notes (excluding any fees and disbursements
of counsel to the Underwriters relating thereto); (e) the qualification of the Notes under the securities laws of the several jurisdictions
as provided in Section 5(a)(viii) and the preparation and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including related fees and
expenses of counsel to the Underwriters in an amount that is not greater than $25,000); (f) if applicable, the preparation and distribution
of one or more versions of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus for distribution in Canada (excluding related fees and expenses
of Canadian counsel to the Underwriters); (g) the approval of the Notes by DTC for book-entry transfer (excluding any
fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters relating thereto); (h) the rating of the Notes; (i) the obligations of
the Trustee, any agent of the Trustee and the counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees;
(j) the investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection with the marketing of the Notes, including,
without limitation, costs and expenses of the Underwriters (to the extent incurred by them) and the Companys officers and employees,
in each case in connection with such road show; and (k) all other costs and expenses (other than (x) printing costs and expenses
and (y) any fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters, except as provided in clause (e) of this Section 6)
incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company.

17 

7. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The respective obligations of the Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made
and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantors contained herein, to the performance
by the Company and the Guarantors of their respective obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions:

(a) The
Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 5(a)(i). The Company shall have complied with
all filing requirements applicable to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus used or referred to after the date hereof; no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
shall have been issued and no proceeding or examination for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act shall have
been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and any request of the Commission for inclusion of additional information in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus or otherwise shall have been complied with. The Commission has not notified the Company of any objection to
the use of the form of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto.

(b) Sullivan &
Cromwell LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives its written opinion and letter, as counsel to the Company, addressed to the Underwriters
and dated the Closing Date, substantially in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit A.

18 

(c) The
Representatives shall have received from Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, dated
the Closing Date, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Pricing Disclosure
Package and other related matters as the Representatives may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel
such documents as they reasonably request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters.

(d) At
the time of execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from each of Ernst & Young LLP and Deloitte &
Touche LLP a letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, addressed to the Underwriters and dated the date hereof
(i) confirming that they are independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities Act and are in compliance with the
applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X of the Commission, and (ii) stating,
as of the date hereof (or, with respect to matters involving changes or developments since the respective dates as of which specified
financial information is given in the most recent Preliminary Prospectus, as of a date not more than three business days prior to the
date hereof), the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered
by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered public offerings.

(e) With
respect to the letter of Ernst & Young LLP and the letter of Deloitte & Touche LLP referred to in the preceding paragraph
and delivered to the Representatives concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the initial letter),
the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a letter (the bring-down letter) of such accountants,
addressed to the Underwriters and dated the Closing Date (i) confirming that they are independent public accountants within the meaning
of the Securities Act and are in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01
of Regulation S-X of the Commission, (ii) stating, as of the date of the bring-down letter (or, with respect to matters involving
changes or developments since the respective dates as of which specified financial information is given in the Prospectus, as of a date
not more than three business days prior to the date of the bring-down letter), the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect
to the financial information and other matters covered by the initial letter, and (iii) confirming in all material respects the conclusions
and findings set forth in the initial letter.

(f) The
Underwriters shall have received an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Thomas Hitchcock, General Counsel of the Company and the Guarantors,
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B.

(g) The
Company and each Guarantor shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and each Guarantor as to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request, including,
without limitation, a statement:

(i) That
the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and each of the Guarantors in Section 1 are true and correct on and
as of the Closing Date, and that the Company and each of the Guarantors have complied with all its agreements contained herein and satisfied
all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date;

19 

(ii) That
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued; and no proceedings or examination for that purpose
have been instituted or, to the knowledge of such officers, threatened; and the Commission has not notified the Company of any objection
to the use of the form of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto; and

(iii) To
the effect of Section 7(h) (provided that no representation with respect to the judgment of the Representatives need
be made).

(h) Except
as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have
sustained, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package,
any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from
any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, or (ii) since such date there shall not have been any change
in the capital stock membership interests or other equity interests, short-term debt, long-term debt, net current assets or net assets
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the condition
(financial or otherwise), results of operations, stockholders equity, properties, management, business or prospects of the Company
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, the effect of which, in any such case described in clause (i) or (ii), is, individually or
in the aggregate, in the judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed
with the public offering, sale or delivery of the Notes being delivered on the Closing Date on the terms and in the manner contemplated
in the Prospectus.

(i) Subsequent
to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (i) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded the Companys
or any Guarantors debt securities or preferred stock by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act), and (ii) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has
under surveillance or review, with possible negative implications, its rating of any of the Companys or any Guarantors debt
securities or preferred stock.

(j) Subsequent
to the execution and delivery of this Agreement there shall not have occurred any of the following: (i) trading in securities generally
on the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or materially limited or the settlement of such trading generally shall have
been materially disrupted or minimum prices shall have been established on such exchange by the Commission, by such exchange or by any
other regulatory body or governmental authority having jurisdiction; (ii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall
have been declared by federal or state authorities; (iii) there shall have been an outbreak of, or escalation in, hostilities involving
the United States or there shall have been a declaration of a national emergency or war by the United States; or (iv) there shall
have occurred such a material adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions, including, without limitation, as
a result of terrorist activities after the date hereof or as a result of the effect of international conditions on the financial markets
in the United States, or any other calamity or crisis either within or outside the United States, as to make it, in the case of clause
(iii) or (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the public offering, sale
or delivery of the Notes being delivered on the Closing Date on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus.

20 

(k) The
Notes shall be eligible for clearance and settlement through DTC.

(l) The
officers certificate or supplemental indenture establishing the terms of the Notes shall have been executed and delivered by the
Company (and, in the case of the supplemental indenture, the Trustee) and the Underwriters shall have received a copy of a manually executed
version thereof.

(m) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company and the Guarantors shall have furnished to the Underwriters such further certificates and documents
as the Representatives may reasonably request.

All opinions, letters, evidence
and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if
they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters.

8. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) The
Company and each Guarantor, hereby agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors,
officers and employees and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any loss, claim, damage or liability, joint or several, or any action in respect
thereof (including, but not limited to, any loss, claim, damage, liability or action relating to purchases and sales of the Notes), to
which that Underwriter, affiliate, director, officer, employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise,
insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in (A) any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or in any amendment
or supplement thereto, (B) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (including, without limitation,
any Marketing Materials), (C) any Permitted Issuer Information used or referred to in any free writing prospectus (as
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) used or referred to by any Underwriter, or (ii) the omission or alleged omission
to state in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any Permitted Issuer Information or any Marketing Materials, any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and shall reimburse each Underwriter and each such affiliate, director, officer,
employee or controlling person promptly upon demand for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by that Underwriter, affiliate,
director, officer, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating or defending or preparing to defend against any such
loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantors
shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon,
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any such amendment or supplement thereto or in any Permitted Issuer
Information or any Marketing Materials, in reliance upon and in conformity with written information concerning such Underwriter furnished
to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of any Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein, which information consists
solely of the information specified in Section 8(e). The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any liability which the
Company or the Guarantors may otherwise have to any Underwriter or to any affiliate, director, officer, employee or controlling person
of that Underwriter.

21 

(b) Each
Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of the Guarantors, their respective officers
and employees, each of their respective directors, and each person, if any, who controls the Company, such Guarantor within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any loss, claim, damage or liability,
joint or several, or any action in respect thereof, to which the Company, such Guarantor or any such director, officer, employee or controlling
person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out
of, or is based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Marketing
Materials, or (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Marketing Materials, any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but in each case only to the extent that the untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information concerning
such Underwriter furnished to the Company through the Representatives by or on behalf of that Underwriter specifically for inclusion therein,
which information is limited to the information set forth in Section 8(e). The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any
liability that any Underwriter may otherwise have to the Company, such Guarantor or any such director, officer, employee or controlling
person.

(c) Promptly
after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action, the indemnified
party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying
party in writing of the claim or the commencement of that action; provided, however, that the failure to notify the indemnifying
party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have under paragraph (a) or (b) above except to the extent it has
been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights and defenses) by such failure and, provided, further,
that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to an indemnified party otherwise
than under paragraph (a) or (b) above. If any such claim or action shall be brought against an indemnified party, and it shall
notify the indemnifying party thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes,
jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
indemnified party. After notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of such claim
or action, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided,
however, that the indemnified party shall have the right to employ counsel to represent jointly the indemnified party and those other
indemnified parties and their respective directors, officers, employees and controlling persons and in the case of the parties indemnified
under Section 8(a), affiliates, who may be subject to liability arising out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought
under this Section 8 if (i) the indemnified party and the indemnifying party shall have so mutually agreed; (ii) the indemnifying
party has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; (iii) the indemnified
party and its directors, officers, employees and controlling persons and in the case of the parties indemnified under Section 8(a),
affiliates, shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to them that are different from or in addition
to those available to the indemnifying party; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties)
include both the indemnified parties or their respective directors, officers, employees or controlling persons and in the case of the
parties indemnified under Section 8(a), affiliates, on the one hand, and the indemnifying party, on the other hand, and representation
of both sets of parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them, and in
any such event the fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be paid by the indemnifying party. No indemnifying party shall (x) without
the prior written consent of the indemnified parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle or compromise or consent
to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action)
unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out
of such claim, action, suit or proceeding and does not include a statement as to, or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to
act by or on behalf of any indemnified party, or (y) be liable for any settlement of any such action effected without its written
consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), but if settled with the consent of the indemnifying party or if there be a
final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any indemnified party
from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.

22 

(d) If
the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party under Section 8(a) or 8(b) in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof,
referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid
or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such
proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the
Underwriters, on the other, from the offering of the Notes, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above
but also the relative fault of the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the
statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on
the other, with respect to such offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering of the
Notes purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the Guarantors, as set forth in the table
on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters
with respect to the Notes purchased under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other
hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, the Guarantors or the Underwriters, the intent
of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. For
purposes of the preceding two sentences, the net proceeds deemed to be received by the Company shall be deemed to be also for the benefit
of the Guarantors, and information supplied by the Company shall also be deemed to have been supplied by the Guarantors. The Company,
the Guarantors and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 8(d) were
to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method
of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified
party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 8(d) shall
be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 8(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party
in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8(d), in no
event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Notes purchased
by it were resold exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters
obligations to contribute as provided in this Section 8(d) are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations
and not joint.

23 

(e) The
Underwriters severally confirm and the Company and the Guarantors acknowledge and agree that (i) the Underwriters names set
forth on the front and back cover pages of, (ii) the statements regarding delivery of Notes by the Underwriters set forth on
the front cover page of, and (iii) (A) the Underwriters names in the first table, (B) the first paragraph under
Commissions and Expenses, (C) the section Stabilization and Short Positions and (D) the second
sentence under New Issue of Notes appearing in each case of (A) through (D) under the caption Underwriting
in, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are correct and constitute the only information concerning such Underwriters furnished
in writing to the Company or any Guarantor by or on behalf of the Underwriters specifically for inclusion in any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Marketing
Materials.

9. Defaulting
Underwriters.

(a) If,
on the Closing Date, any Underwriter defaults in its obligations to purchase the Notes that it has agreed to purchase under this Agreement,
the remaining non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Notes by the non-defaulting Underwriters
or other persons satisfactory to the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement. If, within 36 hours after any such default by any
Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Notes, then the Company shall be entitled to a further
period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Notes on such
terms. In the event that within the respective prescribed periods, the non-defaulting Underwriters notify the Company that they have so
arranged for the purchase of such Notes, or the Company notifies the non-defaulting Underwriters that it has so arranged for the purchase
of such Notes, either the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone the Closing Date for up to seven full business days
in order to effect any changes that in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company agrees to promptly prepare any amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or in any such other document or arrangement that effects any such changes.
As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless the context requires
otherwise, any party not listed in Schedule I hereto that, pursuant to this Section 9, purchases Notes that a defaulting Underwriter
agreed but failed to purchase.

24 

(b) If,
after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Notes of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting
Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of such Notes that remains unpurchased
does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Notes, then the Company shall have the right to require each
non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder plus such Underwriters
pro rata share (based on the principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder) of the Notes of such
defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made; provided that the non-defaulting Underwriters
shall not be obligated to purchase more than 110% of the aggregate principal of Notes that it agreed to purchase on the Closing Date pursuant
to the terms of Section 4.

(c) If,
after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Notes of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting
Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of such Notes that remains unpurchased
exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Notes, or if the Company shall not exercise the right described in paragraph
(b) above, then this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination
of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9 shall be without liability on the part of the Company or the Guarantors, except that
the Company and each of the Guarantors will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Sections 6 and 11 and
except that the provisions of Section 8 shall not terminate and shall remain in effect.

(d) Nothing
contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Company, the Guarantors or any non-defaulting
Underwriter for damages caused by its default.

10. Termination.
The obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to and received by the Company
prior to delivery of and payment for the Notes if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 7(h), 7(i) and
7(j) shall have occurred or if the Underwriters shall decline to purchase the Notes for any reason permitted under this Agreement.

25 

11. Reimbursement
of Underwriters Expenses. If (a) the Company shall fail to tender the Notes for delivery to the Underwriters for any reason,
or (b) the Underwriters shall decline to purchase the Notes for any reason permitted under this Agreement (other than pursuant to
a termination of this Agreement due to the occurrence of any of the events described in Section 7(j)), the Company and the Guarantors
will reimburse the Underwriters for all accountable out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters)
actually incurred by the Underwriters in connection with this Agreement and the proposed purchase of the Notes, and upon demand the Company
and the Guarantors shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representatives. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9
by reason of the default of one or more Underwriters, the Company and the Guarantors shall not be obligated to reimburse any defaulting
Underwriter on account of those expenses.

12. Research
Analyst Independence. The Company and the Guarantors acknowledge that the Underwriters research analysts and research departments
are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal
policies, and that such Underwriters research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or
publish research reports with respect to the Company and/or the offering that differ from the views of their respective investment banking
divisions. The Company and the Guarantors hereby waive and release, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company
or the Guarantors may have against the Underwriters with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views
expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice
communicated to the Company or the Guarantors by such Underwriters investment banking divisions. The Company and the Guarantors
acknowledge that each of the Underwriters is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities
laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities
of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

13. No
Fiduciary Duty. The Company and the Guarantors acknowledge and agree that in connection with this offering, sale of the Notes or any
other services the Underwriters may be deemed to be providing hereunder, notwithstanding any preexisting relationship, advisory or otherwise,
between the parties or any oral representations or assurances previously or subsequently made by the Underwriters: (a) no fiduciary
or agency relationship between the Company, Guarantors and any other person, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, has
been created in connection with the purchase, offering and sale of the Notes; (b) the Underwriters are not acting as advisors, expert
or otherwise, to either the Company or the Guarantors with respect to the determination of the offering price of the Notes, and such relationship
between the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, is entirely and solely commercial, based
on arms-length negotiations; (c) any duties and obligations that the Underwriters may have to the Company or Guarantors in connection
with this Agreement shall be limited to those duties and obligations specifically stated herein or created by law; and (d) the Underwriters
and their respective affiliates may have interests that differ from those of the Company and the Guarantors. The Company and the Guarantors
hereby waive any claims that the Company or the Guarantors may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach of fiduciary duty
in connection with this offering.

26 

14. Notices, etc.
All statements, requests, notices and agreements hereunder shall be in writing, and:

(i) if
to the Underwriters, shall be delivered or sent by mail, facsimile or electronic transmission to: BNP Paribas Securities Corp., 787 Seventh
Avenue, New York, New York 10019, Attention: Syndicate Desk, e-mail: DL.US.Syndicate.Support@us.bnpparibas.com; BofA Securities, Inc.,
114 West 47th Street, NY8-114-07-01, New York, New York 10036, facsimile: (646) 855-5958, Attention: High Grade Debt Capital Markets Transaction
Management/Legal; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 1 Columbus Circle, New York, New York 10019, Attention: Debt Capital Markets Syndicate,
with a copy to General Counsel, e-mail: dbcapmarkets.gcnotices@list.db.com; and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West Street, New
York, New York 10282, Attention: Registration Department.

(ii) if
to the Company or any Guarantor, shall be delivered or sent by mail or facsimile transmission to the address of the Company set forth
in the Registration Statement, Attention: General Counsel, with a copy to Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, 550 Hamilton Ave, Palo Alto,
California 94301, Attention: John L. Savva, fax: (650) 461-5700, e-mail: savvaj@sullcrom.com.

Any such statements, requests, notices or agreements
shall take effect at the time of receipt thereof. The Company and the Guarantors shall be entitled to act and rely upon any request, consent,
notice or agreement given or made on behalf of the Underwriters by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. on behalf of the Representatives.

15. Persons
Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Underwriters, the Company,
the Guarantors and their respective successors. This Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof are for the sole benefit of only those
persons, except that (a) the representations, warranties, indemnities and agreements of the Company and the Guarantors contained
in this Agreement shall also be deemed to be for the benefit of the affiliates, directors, officers and employees of the Underwriters
and each person or persons, if any, who control any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, and (b) the
indemnity agreement of the Underwriters contained in Section 8(b) of this Agreement shall be deemed to be for the benefit of
the directors of the Company, the officers of the Company who have signed the Registration Statement and any person controlling the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person,
other than the persons referred to in this Section 15, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this
Agreement or any provision contained herein.

16. Survival.
The respective indemnities, representations, warranties and agreements of the Company, the Guarantors and the Underwriters contained
in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of them, respectively, pursuant to this Agreement, shall survive the delivery of and payment
for the Notes and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any of them or any person
controlling any of them.

27 

17. Definition
of the Terms Business Day, Affiliate and Subsidiary. For purposes of this Agreement,
(a) business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday that is not a day on which
banking institutions in New York are generally authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close, and (b) affiliate
and subsidiary have the meanings set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

18. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity (as defined below) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime (as defined below), the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement,
will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and
any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of such Underwriter becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under this Agreement that may be exercised against
such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For purposes of this Section 18: BHC
Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
U.S.C. 1841(k); Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term
is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term
is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term
is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); Default Right has the meaning assigned
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and U.S.
Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and
(ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

19. Bail-in
Powers. Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of this Agreement or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding
between the parties hereto, the Company acknowledges and accepts that liabilities arising under this Agreement may be subject to the exercise
of Bail-in Powers (as defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), and acknowledges, accepts and agrees to
be bound by:

(a) the
effect of the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation to any BRRD Liability (as defined below) of
an Underwriter to the Company under this Agreement, which, without limitation, may include and result in any of the following, or some
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all or a portion of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due thereon; (ii) the
conversion of all or a portion of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities or other obligations of such Underwriter or another
person (and the issue to or conferral on the Company of such shares, securities or obligations); (iii) the cancellation of the BRRD
Liability; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the dates on which any payments
are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and

28 

(b) the
variation of the terms of this Agreement, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of
Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

For purposes of this Section 19: Bail-in
Legislation means in relation to the United Kingdom and a member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented, or
which at any time implements, the BRRD, the relevant implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement as described in the EU Bail-in
Legislation Schedule from time to time; Bail-in Powers means any Write-down and Conversion Powers as defined in relation
to the relevant Bail-in Legislation; BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution
of credit institutions and investment firms; BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant Write-down
and Conversion Powers in the applicable Bail-in Legislation may be exercised; EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule means the
document described as such, then in effect, and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time at
http://www.lma.eu.com; and Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any
Bail-in Powers in relation to the respective Underwriter.

20. Governing
Law & Venue. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles (other than
Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law). The Company, each of the Guarantors and the Underwriters agree that any suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in any State
or U.S. federal court in The City of New York and County of New York, and waives any objection that such party may now or hereafter have
to the laying of venue of any such proceeding, and irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action
or proceeding.

21. Waiver
of Jury Trial. The Company and the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and
all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

22. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and, if executed in more than one counterpart, the executed counterparts
shall each be deemed to be an original but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may
be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission
method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

23. Headings.
The headings herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or
interpretation of, this Agreement.

[Signature page follows]

29 

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the agreement among the Company, the Guarantors and the Underwriters, please indicate your acceptance in the space provided
for that purpose below.

Very truly yours,

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Name: Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Name: Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Title: Assistant Treasurer

NEW HOLLAND CREDIT COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Name: Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Title: Assistant Treasurer

Accepted:

BNP
PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

For
themselves and as

Representatives of the several

Underwriters named

in Schedule I hereto

By: BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 

By: /s/ Richard Murphy 

Authorized Representative 

Richard Murphy 

Managing Director 

Accepted:

BNP
PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

For themselves and as

Representatives of the several

Underwriters named

in Schedule I hereto

By: BofA Securities, Inc. 

By: /s/ Chris Cote 

Authorized Representative 

Chris Cote 

Managing Director 

Accepted:

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

GOLDMAN SACHS &
CO. LLC

For themselves and as

Representatives of the several

Underwriters named

in Schedule I hereto

By: Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 

By: /s/ Ritu Ketkar 

Authorized Representative 

Ritu Ketkar 

Managing Director 

By: /s/ Matthew J. Siracuse 

Authorized Representative 

Matthew J. Siracuse 

Managing Director/Debt Syndicate 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 

Accepted:

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

GOLDMAN SACHS &
CO. LLC

For themselves and as

Representatives of the several

Underwriters named

in Schedule I hereto

By: Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

By: /s/ Sam Chaffin 

Authorized Representative 

Sam Chaffin, Vice President 

SCHEDULE I

Underwriters Principal Amount of

Notes to be Purchased 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. $ 62,500,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 62,500,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ 62,500,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $ 62,500,000 

BBVA Securities Inc. $ 62,500,000 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp. $ 62,500,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. $ 62,500,000 

UniCredit Capital Markets LLC $ 62,500,000 

Total $ 500,000,000 

SCHEDULE II

LIST OF GUARANTORS

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC

NEW HOLLAND CREDIT COMPANY, LLC

SCHEDULE III

ISSUER FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES ROAD
SHOW MATERIALS

1. None.

SCHEDULE IV

ISSUER FREE WRITING PROSPECTUS

1. Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, dated March 18, 2025, filed
pursuant to Rule 433 under the Securities Act.

[See attached]

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433

Dated March 18, 2025

Registration Statement Nos. 333-285756, 333-285756-01,
333-285756-02

Relating to Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated
March 18, 2025

and Prospectus dated March 12, 2025

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC

$500,000,000 4.750% NOTES DUE 2028

Issuer: CNH Industrial Capital LLC

Guarantors: CNH Industrial Capital America LLC and New Holland Credit Company, LLC

Expected Ratings (Moodys / S&P / Fitch):* Baa2 / BBB+ / BBB+

Form: SEC Registered

Principal Amount: $500,000,000

Trade Date: March 18, 2025

Settlement Date:** March 21, 2025 (T+3)

Maturity Date: March 21, 2028

Interest Payment Dates: March 21 and September 21, commencing September 21, 2025

Coupon: 4.750% per annum

Price to Public: 99.658% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest from March 21, 2025 if settlement occurs after that date

Net Proceeds to Issuer Before Expenses: $496,415,000

Benchmark Treasury: UST 3.875% due March 15, 2028

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: +87 basis points

Benchmark Treasury Price and Yield: 99-20+; 4.004%

Yield to Maturity: 4.874%

Optional Redemption: Make-whole call prior to February 21, 2028 based on U.S. Treasury +0.15% (15 basis points) or at par on or after February 21, 2028

Change of Control: 101%

Denominations: $2,000 x $1,000

CUSIP / ISIN: 12592B AU8 / US12592BAU89

Joint Book-Running Managers: BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

BofA Securities, Inc.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

BBVA Securities Inc.

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp.

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

UniCredit Capital Markets LLC

* Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell
or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.

** Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day unless the parties to any such trade expressly
agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes before the first business day prior to the specified
settlement date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+3, to specify an alternative settlement
cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes before the first
business day prior to such settlement date should consult their own advisor.

The issuer has filed a registration statement
(including a prospectus) and a preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement and other documents the
issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and the offering. You may get these documents for free by
visiting EDGAR on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the
offering will arrange to send you the prospectus and the preliminary prospectus supplement if you request them by contacting BNP Paribas
Securities Corp. at its toll-free number at 1-800-854-5674; BofA Securities, Inc. at its toll-free number at 1-800-294-1322; Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc. at its toll-free number at 1-800-503-4611 or by email at prospectus.CPDG@db.com; and Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC at its toll-free number at 1-866-471-2526.

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF OPINION OF COMPANYS COUNSEL

1. Each
of the Company and the Guarantors has been duly formed and is an existing limited liability company in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware, with limited liability company power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and to operate its properties
and conduct its business as described in the Prospectus of the Company and the Guarantors relating to the Securities and the Guarantees,
dated March 12, 2025 (the Basic Prospectus), as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, dated [],
2025 (the Prospectus Supplement).

2. The
Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and each Guarantor and duly qualified under the Trust Indenture
Act of 1939 and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of the Indenture by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and legally binding
obligation of the Company and each Guarantor enforceable against the Company and such Guarantor in accordance with its terms, subject
to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights and to general equity principles.

3. The
Securities have been duly authorized, executed, authenticated, issued and delivered by the Company and constitute valid and legally binding
obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to
general equity principles.

4. Each
of the Guarantees has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the respective Guarantor and constitutes a valid and legally binding
obligation of each Guarantor enforceable against such Guarantor in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to
general equity principles.

5. All
regulatory consents, authorizations, approvals and filings required to be obtained or made by the Company or either Guarantor under the
Covered Laws for the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities by the Company to you, and the performance by the Company and the Guarantors
of their respective obligations thereunder, have been obtained or made.

6. The
issuance of the Securities in accordance with the Indenture and the sale of the Securities by the Company to you pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement do not, and the performance by the Company and the Guarantors of their respective obligations under the Indenture, the Underwriting
Agreement, the Guarantees and the Securities will not, (i) violate the Companys or the Guarantors respective operating
agreements, (ii) result in a default under or breach of, or imposition of any lien or encumbrance upon any property or assets of
the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of, any of the agreements listed in Annex I to this opinion; provided, however,
that we are expressing no opinion in this clause (ii) as to compliance with any financial or accounting test, or any limitation or
restriction expressed as a dollar amount, ratio or percentage, or (iii) violate any Covered Laws.

Exhibit A-1 

7. The
Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and each Guarantor.

8. The
Registration Statement (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and,
based solely on our review of the Stop Orders web page (https://www.sec.gov/litigation/stoporders.shtml) maintained
by the Securities and Exchange Commission, no stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued.

9. The
Company and the Guarantors are not, and after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, would not be, on the date hereof, an investment
company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Exhibit A-2 

Form of Disclosure Letter of Sullivan &
Cromwell LLP

Further, nothing that came
to our attention in the course of such review has caused us to believe that, insofar as relevant to the offering of the Securities and
the Guarantees,

(a) the
Registration Statement, as of the date of the Prospectus Supplement, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or

(b) the
Pricing Disclosure Package, as of [] (New York City time) on [], 2025, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, or

(c) the
Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, as of the date of the Prospectus Supplement, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

Exhibit A-3 

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF OPINION OF GENERAL COUNSEL

(i) the
Company is duly qualified as a foreign limited liability company to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where
the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(ii) except
as otherwise disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, all of
the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, membership interests or other equity interests of each of the Companys U.S.
subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and, to the best of my knowledge, are owned
by the Company (subject to de minimis exceptions in certain jurisdictions), directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of
any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity;

(iii) to
the best of my knowledge, and except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus
Supplement, there is not pending or threatened any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, to which the Company or any of
its U.S. subsidiaries is a party or to which the property of the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries is subject, before or brought
by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, which, individually or in the aggregate, might reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or which might reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the properties or assets
thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture (together the Transaction
Documents) or the performance by each of the Company and the Guarantors of their applicable obligations thereunder or the transactions
contemplated by the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement;

(iv) the
descriptions in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, of contracts and
other legal documents to which the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries is a party are fair summaries of such documents in all material
respects; to the best of my knowledge, there are no franchises, contracts, indentures, mortgages, loan agreements, notes, leases or other
instruments that would be required to be described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the
Prospectus Supplement, that are not described or referred to in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented
by the Prospectus Supplement, other than those described or referred to therein, and the descriptions thereof or references thereto fairly
summarize such documents in all material respects;

(v) to
the best of my knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its U.S. subsidiaries is (a) in violation of (1) its operating agreement
or other organizational document or (2) except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, writ or decree of any U.S. government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company
or any of its U.S. subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, assets or operations, or (b) in breach of, or default under,
any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or any other agreement or instrument to which
the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound (except for such breaches or defaults
that would not have a Material Adverse Effect);

Exhibit B-1 

(vi) the
execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents, the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents
and the performance by the Company and the Guarantors of their applicable obligations under the Transaction Documents will not (a) result
in any violation of the provisions of the operating agreement or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries
or (b) to the best of my knowledge, whether with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, conflict with, or constitute
a breach of, or a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of, any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets
of the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries thereof pursuant to any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement,
note, lease or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any
of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries is subject (except for
such conflicts, breaches or defaults or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not have a Material Adverse Effect), or, except as would
not have a Material Adverse Effect, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree, known to me, of any
government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its U.S. subsidiaries or any
of their respective properties, assets or operations; and

(vii) To
the best of my knowledge, there are no contracts or other documents of a character required to be described in the Registration Statement
or the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement
or incorporated by reference therein that are not described therein or filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein as required.

Exhibit B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258823d9_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

CNH Industrial Capital LLC

4.750%
Notes due 2028

Officers Certificate

March 21, 2025

Pursuant to the Indenture, dated July 2, 2020
(the Indenture), among CNH Industrial Capital LLC (the Company), CNH Industrial Capital America
LLC (CNH Industrial Capital America), New Holland Credit Company, LLC (New Holland Credit Company
and, together, with CNH Industrial Capital America, the Guarantors) and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee),
this Officers Certificate is being delivered to the Trustee to establish the terms of a series of Securities in accordance with
Section 3.01 of the Indenture and to establish the form of the Securities of such series in accordance with Section 2.01 of
the Indenture.

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A. Establishment of series pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture.

There is hereby established, pursuant to Section 3.01
of the Indenture, a series of Securities which shall have the following terms:

(1) The Securities of this series issued pursuant to this Officers
Certificate shall bear the title 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the Notes).

(2) The aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be issued
pursuant to this Officers Certificate shall be limited to $500,000,000 (except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon
registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Section 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 9.06 or 11.07 of
the Indenture and except for any Notes which, pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated
and delivered thereunder). The Company may from time to time, without the consent of any Holder of the Notes, create and issue additional
Notes (the Additional Notes) having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for the issue
date, issue price and, under some circumstances, the first payment of interest thereon. Such Additional Notes, at the Companys
determination and in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, will be consolidated with and form a single series with the previously
outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, amendments,
waivers and redemptions. The aggregate principal amount of the Additional Notes, if any, shall be unlimited.

(3) Interest will be payable to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (as
defined below) for the Notes next preceding each Interest Payment Date (as defined below) for the Notes; provided, however, that
interest payable on the Stated Maturity of the Notes shall be payable to the Person to whom principal shall be payable.

(4) The Stated Maturity of the principal of the Notes shall
be March 21, 2028.

(5) The Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 4.750%
per annum (computed based upon a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

The
Notes shall bear interest from and including March 21, 2025, or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date to
which interest on the Notes has been paid or duly provided for, as the case may be, payable semiannually in arrears in cash on March 21
and September 21 in each year, commencing on September 21, 2025, until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment.
Each such March 21 or September 21 shall be an Interest Payment Date for the Notes, and each March 7
or September 7 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding an Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall
be the Regular Record Date for the interest payable on the Notes on such Interest Payment Date.

(6) The principal of, any Redemption Price and the interest
on the Notes shall be payable at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, Attn:
Agency & Trust CNH Industrial Capital, LLC.

(7) Prior to February 21, 2028 (the Par
Call Date), the Notes shall be redeemable, at the Companys option, in whole or in part at any time and from time to
time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal
and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (ii) 100% of the principal
amount thereof, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date. At any time on or after the Par Call
Date, the Notes shall be redeemable, at the Companys option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption
Price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.

-2- 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any
redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after
4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for
the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields 
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line
basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15
shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity
from the redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date
H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent
yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury
security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security
maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company
shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States
Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security
that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00
a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity
of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage
of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

-3- 

The Company will be responsible for calculating the Treasury
Rate and the redemption price. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate the Treasury Rate or the redemption price nor shall it have
any duty to review or verify the Companys calculations of the Treasury Rate or the redemption price.

The Companys actions and determinations in determining
the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(8) The Notes shall be subject to a Change of Control Triggering Event as provided in Section 10.13 of the Indenture. Except as provided
under such section, the Company shall not be obligated to redeem or purchase any Notes pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions
or at the option of any Holder thereof.

(9) The Notes may be issued only in fully registered form and the authorized denomination of the Notes shall be $2,000 and any integral
multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(10) The Notes shall be denominated, and payments of the principal of, any Redemption Price and the interest on the Notes shall be made,
in United States dollars.

(11) The Notes shall be subject to Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance as provided in Article 13 of the Indenture.

(12) The Notes will be represented by one or more global securities (each a Global Security) registered in the name
of a nominee of the Depositary. The Depository Trust Company (DTC) will act as the Depositary. Except as provided
in Section 3.05 of the Indenture, Notes will not be issuable in definitive form and will not be exchangeable or transferable. So
long as the Depositary or its nominee is the registered holder of any Global Security, the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may
be, will be considered the sole Holder of the Notes represented by such Global Security for all purposes under the Indenture and the Notes.

-4- 

(13) The transferor of any note shall provide or cause to be provided to the Trustee all information necessary to allow the Trustee to
comply with any applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Internal
Revenue Code Section 6045. In connection with any proposed exchange of a certificated note for a Global Security, the Issuer or DTC
shall be required to provide or cause to be provided to the Trustee all information necessary to allow the Trustee to comply with any
applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Internal Revenue Code Section 6045.
The Trustee may rely on information provided to it and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information.

(14) The Notes shall be entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee of each Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture (as provided by Article 14
thereof), which Guarantee shall be made on a senior basis and evidenced by a Notation of Guarantee executed by such Guarantor.

(15) The Trustee is hereby appointed as a Paying Agent for the Notes.

B. Establishment of form of Note pursuant to Section 2.01 of the Indenture.

It is hereby established pursuant to Section 2.01
of the Indenture that the Global Security representing the Notes shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex A.

C. Other Matters.

Reference is hereby made to the resolutions of
the Board of Directors of the Company, dated March 12, 2025 (the Resolutions), relating to the offering and
sale of the Securities; the Resolutions have not been further amended, modified or rescinded and remain in full force and effect; and
the Resolutions, together with this Officers Certificate, are the only resolutions, approval or other action adopted by the Board
of Directors of the Company or by any Authorized Officer as defined in the Resolutions relating to the offering and sale of the Notes.

The undersigned, Douglas MacLeod and Daniel Willems
Van Dijk, respectively, being Authorized Officers as defined in the Resolutions, each certifies that he has approved the terms of the
Notes as set forth in this Officers Certificate, all in accordance with the authority of such officer pursuant to the Resolutions.
Pursuant to Section 1.02 of the Indenture, each of the undersigned certifies that: he has read and is familiar with the provisions
of the Indenture (including Articles Two and Three thereof relating to the issuance of the Notes thereunder and the definitions in the
Indenture relating thereto); he is generally familiar with the affairs of the Company and its corporate acts and proceedings; he has reviewed
the Resolutions and such other documents as he deems necessary and proper to give the opinion expressed herein; in his opinion, he has
made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants
and conditions precedent provided in the Indenture relating to the establishment of the Notes have been complied with; and he is of the
opinion that all conditions precedent and covenants provided for in the Indenture relating to the establishment of the Notes have been
complied with.

[Signature Page Follows]

-5- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
executed this Officers Certificate as of the date first written above.

By: /s/ Douglas MacLeod

Name: Douglas MacLeod

Title: President

By: /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Name: Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Officers Certificate pursuant to Sections
3.01 and 2.01 of the Indenture]

Annex A

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN
SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER
ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR
TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING
OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITORY OR A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY.
THIS NOTE IS NOT EXCHANGEABLE IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE
EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (OTHER THAN A TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE AS A
WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY)
MAY BE REGISTERED EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED
TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, AND TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.05 OF THE INDENTURE.

CUSIP
No.: 12592B AU8

ISIN No.: US12592BAU89

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC

4.750% NOTE DUE 2028

No. 2028-1 $500,000,000.00

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Company, which term includes any successor entity), for value received
promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, the principal sum of FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS on March 21, 2028.

Interest Payment Dates: March 21
and September 21, commencing September 21, 2025.

Regular Record Dates: March 7
and September 7.

Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Note contained herein and the Indenture (as defined), which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

In Witness Whereof, the Company
has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its corporate seal.

Dated:
March 21, 2025

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC

[SEAL]

By: 

Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Chief Financial Officer

Attest: 

By: 

Thomas Hitchcock 

Secretary 

[Note]

Certificate of Authentication

This is one of the Securities
of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated:
March 21, 2025

CITIBANK, N.A.,

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[Certificate of Authentication]

(REVERSE OF SECURITY)

4.750% NOTE DUE 2028

1. Interest.
CNH Industrial Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), promises to pay interest on the principal
amount of this Note at the rate per annum shown above. Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date on which interest
has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from March 21, 2025. The Company will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each
Interest Payment Date, commencing September 21, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal
and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful from time to time on demand
at the rate borne by the Notes.

2. Method
of Payment. The Company shall pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are the registered Holders
at the close of business on the March 7 or September 7 immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date (whether or not such
day is a Business Day) even if the Notes are cancelled on registration of transfer or registration of exchange after such Regular Record
Date. Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. Payments of principal and premium, if any, will be
made (on presentation of such Notes if in certificated form) in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender
for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that the Company may pay principal, premium, if any, and interest by
check payable in such money. The Company may deliver any such interest payment to the Paying Agent or to a Holder at the Holders
registered address.

3. Paying
Agent and Registrar. Initially, Citibank, N.A., a national banking association (the Trustee), will act as Paying
Agent and Security Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent, Security Registrar or co-Security Registrar without notice to the
Holders.

4. Indenture.
The Company issued this Note under an Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2020 (herein called the Indenture, which
term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument and which shall include the terms of the Notes established by the Officers
Certificate, dated March 21, 2025, pursuant to such instrument), by and among the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee.
Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Notes include those stated
in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code Sections 77aaa-77bbbb)
(the TIA), as in effect on the date of the Indenture. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes
are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. The Notes are general unsecured
obligations of the Company.

5. Redemption.
Prior to February 21, 2028 (the Par Call Date), the Notes shall be redeemable, at the Companys
option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i)(a) the sum of the
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual
basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued
to the date of redemption, and (ii) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to the Redemption Date. At any time on or after the Par Call Date, the Notes shall be redeemable, at the Companys option, in whole
or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.

6. Notice
of Redemption. Notice of redemption under paragraph 5 of this Note will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise
transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date
to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed.

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of such
Redemption Price, the Notes called for redemption will cease to bear interest from and after such Redemption Date and the only right of
the Holders of such Notes will be to receive payment of the Redemption Price.

7. Offers
to Purchase. The Indenture provides that upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, and subject to further limitations
contained therein, the Company will make an offer to purchase the Notes in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture.

8. Denominations;
Transfer; Exchange. The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require
a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar
governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not register the transfer of or
exchange of any Notes or portions thereof selected for redemption.

9. Persons
Deemed Owners. The registered holder of a Note shall be treated as the owner of it for all purposes.

10. Unclaimed
Money. If money for the payment of principal or interest remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee and the Paying Agent will pay
the money back to the Company on Company Request. After that, Holders entitled to money must look to the Company for payment as unsecured
general creditors.

11. Legal
Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of the
Notes or certain restrictive covenants with respect to the Notes and Events of Default with respect to the Notes, in each case upon compliance
with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture.

12. Amendments,
Supplements, and Waivers. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification
of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Company
and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes at that time. The Indenture
also contains provisions (i) permitting the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, on
behalf of all Holders of the Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture with respect to the Notes
and (ii) permitting the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, on behalf of all Holders of the Notes,
to waive certain past defaults in respect of the Notes under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon
this Note.

13. Restrictive
Covenants. The Indenture imposes certain limitations on, among other things, the Companys ability and the ability of its Restricted
Subsidiaries with respect to the Notes to incur Secured Indebtedness or enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and the Companys
ability and the ability of the Guarantors of the Notes to consolidate, merge, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its
or their respective properties and assets. Such limitations are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions. The Company
must annually report to the Trustee on compliance with such limitations.

14. Successor
Entity. When a successor entity assumes, in accordance with the Indenture, all the obligations in respect of the Notes of its predecessor
under the Notes and the Indenture, and immediately before and thereafter no Default with respect to the Notes or Event of Default with
respect to the Notes exists and certain other conditions are satisfied, the predecessor entity will be released from those obligations.

15. Defaults
and Remedies. Events of Default are set forth in the Indenture. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in
Section 5.01(7) or (8)) shall occur and be continuing with respect to the Notes, the Trustee or the Holders of at least
25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest on all of the Outstanding
Notes to be due and payable by notice in writing to the Company and (if given by the Holders) the Trustee specifying the respective Events
of Default and that it is a notice of acceleration, and the same shall become immediately due and payable; provided,
however, that after such acceleration but before a judgment or decree based on such acceleration is obtained by the Trustee, the Holders
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may rescind and annul such acceleration and its consequences if all
existing Events of Default with respect to the Notes, other than the nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest that has become
due solely because of the acceleration, have been cured or waived. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of
Default or impair any right consequent thereto. In case an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(7) or (8) of the
Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing with respect to the Notes, such principal amount, together with premium,
if any, and interest with respect to all of the Notes, shall be due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the
part of the Trustee or the Holders.

16. Trustee
Dealings with Company. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and, subject
to Sections 6.08 and 6.13 of the Indenture, may otherwise deal with the Company and the Guarantors with the same rights it would have
if it were not Trustee.

17. No
Recourse Against Others. As more fully described in the Indenture, no director, officer, employee, stockholder or incorporator, as
such, of the Company shall have any liability for any obligation of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based
on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability.
Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.

18. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee or Authenticating Agent manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

19. Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK, AS APPLIED TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401
OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OR ANY SUCCESSOR STATUTE). EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THE INDENTURE HAS AGREED TO SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, IN EACH CASE LOCATED
IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR BASED ON THE INDENTURE, THIS NOTE OR ANY
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY. THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE, AND EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
HEREOF, IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL SUIT,
ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR BASED ON THE INDENTURE, THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY.

20. Abbreviations
and Defined Terms. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common),
TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian),
and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

21. CUSIP
Numbers. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has
caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such
numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.

22. Indenture.
Each Holder, by accepting a Note, agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Indenture, as the same may be amended from
time to time.

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written
request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: CNH Industrial Capital LLC, Attention: General Counsel, 5729
Washington Avenue, Racine, WI 53406.

NOTATION OF GUARANTEE

Each
Guarantor (capitalized terms used herein have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture referred to in the Security upon which this
notation is endorsed) signing below hereby unconditionally, jointly and severally, guarantees (such guarantee being referred to herein
as the Guarantee), to the extent set forth in the Indenture and subject to the provisions in the Indenture,
the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (if such Security provides for the payment of interest)
on the Securities to which this notation is affixed and all other amounts due and payable under the Indenture and the Securities to which
this notation is affixed by the Company.

The terms of the Guarantee
evidenced by this Notation of Guarantee include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the
Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code Sections 77aaa-77bbbb), as in effect on the date of the Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt,
the terms of Article 14 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference into this Notation of Guarantee as if set forth herein.

The Guarantee evidenced by
this Notation of Guarantee shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication on the Securities
upon which this Notation of Guarantee is noted shall have been executed by the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of
one of its authorized officers.

The Guarantee evidenced by
this Notation of Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

The Guarantee evidenced by
this Notation of Guarantee is subject to release upon the terms set forth in the Indenture.

GUARANTORS:

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC

By: 

Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Assistant Treasurer

[Notation of Guarantee]

NEW HOLLAND CREDIT COMPANY, LLC

By: 

Daniel Willems Van Dijk

Assistant Treasurer

[Notation of Guarantee]

ASSIGNMENT FORM

If you the Holder want to assign this Note, fill
in the form below and have your signature guaranteed:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to:

(Print or type name, address and zip code and

social security or tax ID number of assignee)

and
irrevocably appoint,
agent to transfer this Note on the books of CNH Industrial Capital LLC. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: Signed: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note)

Medallion Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution
meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion
Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition
to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

[OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE]

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased
by CNH Industrial Capital LLC pursuant to Section 10.13 of the Indenture, check the following box:

Section 10.13 

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note
purchased by CNH Industrial Capital LLC pursuant to Section 10.13 of the Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased:

$ __________________

Date: 

NOTICE: The signature on this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever and be guaranteed by the endorsers bank or broker.

Medallion Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution
meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion
Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition
to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The initial principal amount of this Global Security
is $500,000,000.00. The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of decrease in

Principal Amount of this

Global Security Amount of increase in

Principal Amount of this

Global Security Principal amount of this

Global Security

following such decrease

or increase Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Global Security

custodian
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258823d9_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

[Letterhead of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP]

March 21,
2025

CNH Industrial Capital LLC,

5729 Washington Avenue,

Racine, WI 53406.

CNH Industrial Capital America LLC,

5729 Washington Avenue,

Racine, WI 53406.

New Holland Credit Company, LLC,

5729 Washington Avenue,

Racine, WI 53406.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the registration under the Securities
Act of 1933 (the Act) of $500,000,000 principal amount of 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the Securities) of CNH Industrial
Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and the related guarantees (the Guarantees)
of the Securities by CNH Industrial Capital America LLC and New Holland Credit Company, LLC (each, a Guarantor and together,
the Guarantors), we, as your counsel, have examined such corporate records, certificates and other documents, and such questions
of law, as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion.

Upon the basis of such examination, we advise you
that, in our opinion, the Securities constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and the Guarantees constitute valid
and legally binding obligations of the respective Guarantors, subject, in each case, to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles.

In rendering the foregoing opinion, we are expressing
no opinion as to Federal or state laws relating to fraudulent transfers.

The foregoing opinion is limited to the Federal laws
of the United States and the laws of the State of New York, and we are expressing no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other
jurisdiction.

We have relied as to certain factual matters on information
obtained from public officials, officers of the Company and the Guarantors and other sources believed by us to be responsible, and we
have assumed that the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee thereunder, an assumption which we have
not independently verified.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as
an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement relating to the Securities
and the Guarantees and to the reference to us under the heading Validity of the Notes and Guarantees in the Prospectus Supplement
relating to the Securities and the Guarantees, dated March 18, 2025. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are
in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ SULLIVAN & CROMWELL LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cnhc-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cnhc-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cnhc-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55510

Entity Registrant Name CNH Industrial Capital LLC

Entity Central Index Key 0001552493

Entity Tax Identification Number 39-1937630

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5729 Washington Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Racine

Entity Address, State or Province WI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 53406

City Area Code 262

Local Phone Number 636-6011

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cnhcapital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cnhc-20250321.xsd 
cnhc-20250321_lab.xml 
cnhc-20250321_pre.xml 
tm258823d9_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-026656-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm258823d9_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001552493 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001552493 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
CNH Industrial Capital LLC 
DE 
000-55510 
39-1937630 
5729 Washington Avenue 
Racine 
WI 
53406 
262 
636-6011 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>