<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-016134.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-016134.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221160741
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-016134
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALUMIS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847367
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42143
		FILM NUMBER:		25651903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 EAST GRAND AVENUE
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-231-6625

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 EAST GRAND AVENUE
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESKER THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230427

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FL2021-001, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210222
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257286d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184736700018473672025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 18, 2025

Alumis Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42143 86-1771129

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

280 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, California94080

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (650) 231-6625

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share ALMS The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 18, 2025, the
Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee) of the Board of Directors of Alumis Inc. (the Company)
approved the Alumis Inc. Severance and Change in Control Plan (the Severance Plan).

The purpose of the Severance
Plan is to provide for the payment of severance and/or Change in Control (as defined in the Severance Plan) benefits to Eligible Employees
(as defined in the Severance Plan) or, at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee, certain other individuals that are not Eligible
Employees, upon a qualifying termination of employment (Covered Termination). As a condition for eligibility, participants
must enter into a participation agreement, which specifies the potential severance benefits and contains other terms and conditions related
to participation in the Severance Plan.

Severance Benefits of Eligible Employees Within
Change in Control Period

If
an Eligible Employee is terminated in a Covered Termination (other than a result of death or disability) that occurs during the Change
in Control Period (as defined in the Severance Plan), such Eligible Employee will be eligible to receive the following benefits, subject
to standard deductions and withholdings: (i) a cash payment in an amount equal to: six to 18 months (depending on the tier to which such
Eligible Employee is designated; the CIC Severance Period) of Base Salary (as defined in the Severance Plan); (ii) a cash
payment in an amount equal to 1.00x to 1.50x (depending on the tier to which such Eligible Employee is designated) the Eligible Employees
Target Bonus (as defined in the Severance Plan) for the calendar year in which the Eligible Employees Covered Termination occurs
(depending on the tier to which such Eligible Employee is designated, pro-rated based upon the number of days worked during such calendar
year); (iii) Company-paid COBRA premium payments for the Eligible Employee and her or his eligible dependents for a period not
exceeding the earliest of (1) the CIC Severance Period following the date of the Eligible Employees Covered Termination, (2) the
expiration of the Eligible Employees eligibility for continuation coverage under COBRA, or (3) the date when the Eligible Employee
becomes eligible for a substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment; and (iv) full acceleration
of any outstanding, unvested equity awards held by the Eligible Employee.

Severance Benefits of Eligible Employees Outside
Change in Control Period

If an Eligible Employee is
terminated in a Covered Termination (other than a result of death or disability) outside of the Change in Control Period, such Eligible
Employee will be eligible to receive: (i) a cash payment in an amount equal to: three to 12 months (depending on the tier to which such
Eligible Employee is designated; the Non-CIC Severance Period) of Base Salary, to be paid in accordance with the Companys
regular payroll practices over the length of the Non-CIC Severance Period; (ii) a pro-rated amount of the Eligible Employees Target
Bonus based upon the number of days worked in the calendar year in which such Eligible Employees Covered Termination occurs; and
(iii) Company-paid COBRA premiums for the Eligible Employee and her or his eligible dependents for a period not exceeding the Non-CIC
Severance Period. In addition, our executive officers are eligible to receive acceleration of certain outstanding, unvested equity awards
granted before the adoption of the Severance Plan.

Each
Eligible Employees right to receive the payments and benefits provided under the Severance Plan are subject to such Eligible Employees
execution and delivery of a separation agreement containing, among other provisions, a general release of all claims in favor of
the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates.

The foregoing description
of the Severance Plan is only a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Severance Plan included
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Alumis Inc. Severance and Change in Control Plan.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document). 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Alumis Inc.

By: /s/ Sara Klein

Sara Klein

Chief Legal Officer

Dated: February 21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257286d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Alumis
Inc.

Severance
and Change in Control Plan

Section 1.Introduction.

This Alumis Inc. Severance and
Change in Control Plan (the Plan) is hereby established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of Alumis Inc. (the Company) effective as of February 18, 2025 (the Effective
Date). The purpose of the Plan is to provide for the payment of severance and/or Change in Control (as defined below) benefits
to eligible employees of the Company. This Plan document also is the Summary Plan Description for the Plan.

For purposes of the Plan, the
following terms are defined as follows:

(a)Affiliate
means, any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each
of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.

(b)Base
Salary means base pay (excluding incentive pay, premium pay, commissions, overtime, bonuses and other forms of variable
compensation) as in effect prior to any reduction that would give rise to an employees right to a resignation for Good Reason (if
applicable).

(c)Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(d)Cause
shall have the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan.

(e)Change
in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan.

(f)Change
in Control Period means the period that is 12 months following the Closing of a Change in Control.

(g)Closing
means the initial closing of the Change in Control as defined in the definitive agreement executed in connection with the Change in Control.
In the case of a series of transactions constituting a Change in Control, Closing means the first closing that satisfies
the threshold of the definition for a Change in Control.

(h)Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.

(i)Committee
means the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

(j)Company
means Alumis Inc. or, following a Change in Control, the surviving entity resulting from such event.

(k)Confidentiality
Agreement means the Companys standard form of Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement
or any similar or successor document.

(l)Covered
Termination means, with respect to an employee, a termination of employment that is due to (1) a termination by the
Company without Cause (and other than as a result of the employees death or Disability) or (2) the employees resignation
for Good Reason, and in either case of (1) or (2), results in such employees Separation from Service.

(m)Disability
means any physical or mental condition which renders an employee incapable of performing the work for which he or she was employed by
the Company or similar work offered by the Company. The Disability of an employee shall be established if (i) the employee
satisfies the requirements for benefits under the Companys long-term disability plan or (ii) if no long-term disability plan,
the employee satisfies the requirements for Social Security disability benefits.

(n)Eligible
Employee means an employee of the Company that meets the requirements to be eligible to receive Plan benefits as set forth
in Section 2.

(o)Equity
Plan means the Alumis Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, or any successor plan thereto.

(p)Excluded
Entity means a corporation or other entity of which the holders of voting capital stock of the Company outstanding immediately
prior to such transaction are the direct or indirect holders of voting securities representing at least a majority of the votes entitled
to be cast by all of such corporations or other entitys voting securities outstanding immediately after such transaction.

(q)Good
Reason means with respect to an Eligible Employee, any of the following conditions or actions taken by the Company without
an Eligible Employees consent: (i) a material breach by the Company of an agreement between a Eligible Employee and the Company;
(ii) a material reduction in Eligible Employees Base Salary or Target Bonus, other than any Company-wide reduction in compensation
similarly affecting all or substantially all employees; (iii) the Company materially reducing the Eligible Employees overall
duties, authority or responsibilities relative to the Eligible Employees overall duties, authority or responsibilities in effect
immediately prior to such reduction; or (iv) the relocation of the Eligible Employees principal place of employment by thirty
five (35) or more miles from the Eligible Employees then-current principal place of employment; provided, further, that in each
case above, in order for the Eligible Employees resignation to be deemed to have been for Good Reason, the Eligible Employee must
first give the Company written notice of the action or omission giving rise to Good Reason within thirty (30) days after
the first occurrence thereof; the Company must fail to reasonably cure such action or omission within thirty (30) days after receipt of
such notice (the Cure Period); and the Eligible Employees resignation must be effective not later than
thirty (30) days after the expiration of such Cure Period.

(r)Participation
Agreement means an agreement between an employee and the Company in substantially the form of Appendix
A attached hereto, and which may include such other terms as the Committee deems necessary or advisable in the administration
of the Plan.

(s)Plan
Administrator means the Committee prior to the Closing and the Representative upon and following the Closing, as applicable.

(t)Representative
means one or more members of the Committee or other persons or entities designated by the Committee prior to or in connection with a Change
in Control that will have authority to administer and interpret the Plan upon and following the Closing as provided in Section 9(a).

(u)Section 409A
means Section 409A of the Code and the treasury regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect.

2 

(v)Separation
from Service means a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(h),
without regard to any alternative definition thereunder.

(w)Target
Bonus means the cash bonus payable to an Eligible Employee pursuant to an annual performance bonus or annual variable compensation
plan following completion of the applicable plan year and based on achievement of specified performance goals for the year in which such
Covered Termination occurs, as if all the applicable performance goals for such year were attained at a level of 100%.

Section 2.Eligibility
for Benefits.

(a)Eligible
Employee. An employee of the Company is eligible to participate in the Plan if (i) the Plan
Administrator has designated such employee as eligible to participate in the Plan by providing such employee a Participation Agreement;
(ii) such employee has signed and returned such Participation Agreement to the Company within the time period required therein; and
(iii) such employee meets the other Plan eligibility requirements set forth in this Section 2. The determination of whether
an employee is an Eligible Employee shall be made by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be binding
and conclusive on all persons.

(b)Release
Requirement. Except as otherwise provided in an individual Participation Agreement, in order
to be eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, the employee also must execute a separation agreement containing, among other provisions,
a general release of all claims in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions,
and non-competition restrictions no broader than those set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement, in such a form as provided by the Company
(the Release), within the applicable time period set forth therein, and such Release must become effective
in accordance with its terms, which must occur in no event more than 60 days following the date of the applicable Covered Termination.

(c)Plan
Benefits Provided In Lieu of Any Previous Benefits. Except as may be provided in a Participation
Agreement, this Plan shall supersede any change in control or severance benefit plan, policy or practice previously maintained by the
Company with respect to an Eligible Employee and any change in control or severance benefits in any individually negotiated employment
contract or other agreement between the Company and an Eligible Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Eligible Employees
outstanding equity awards shall remain subject to the terms of the Equity Plan or other applicable equity plan under which such awards
were granted (including the award documentation governing such awards) that may apply upon a Change in Control and/or termination of such
employees service and no provision of this Plan shall be construed as to limit the actions that may be taken, or to violate the
terms, thereunder.

(d)Exceptions
to Severance Benefit Entitlement. An employee who otherwise is an Eligible Employee will not
receive benefits under the Plan in the following circumstances, as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion:

(1)The
employee is terminated by the Company for any reason (including due to the employees death or Disability) or voluntarily terminates
employment with the Company in any manner, and in either case, such termination does not constitute a Covered Termination. Voluntary terminations
include, but are not limited to, resignation, retirement or failure to return from a leave of absence on the scheduled date.

3 

(2)The
employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Company in order to accept employment with another entity that is wholly or partly
owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company or an Affiliate.

(3)The
employee is offered an identical or substantially equivalent or comparable position with the Company or an Affiliate. For purposes of
the foregoing, a substantially equivalent or comparable position is one that provides the employee substantially the same
level of responsibility and compensation and would not give rise to the employees right to a resignation for Good Reason.

(4)The
employee is offered immediate reemployment by a successor to the Company or an Affiliate or by a purchaser of the Companys assets,
as the case may be, following a Change in Control and the terms of such reemployment would not give rise to the employees right
to a resignation for Good Reason. For purposes of the foregoing, immediate reemployment means that the employees
employment with the successor to the Company or an Affiliate or the purchaser of its assets, as the case may be, results in uninterrupted
employment such that the employee does not incur a lapse in pay or benefits as a result of the change in ownership of the Company or the
sale of its assets. An employee who becomes immediately reemployed as described in this Section 2(d)(4) by a successor to the
Company or an Affiliate or by a purchaser of the Companys assets, as the case may be, following a Change in Control shall continue
to be an Eligible Employee following the date of such reemployment.

(5)The
employee is rehired by the Company or an Affiliate and recommences employment prior to the date severance benefits under the Plan are
scheduled to commence.

(e)Termination
of Severance Benefits. An Eligible Employees right to receive severance benefits under
this Plan shall terminate immediately if, at any time prior to or during the period for which the Eligible Employee is receiving severance
benefits under the Plan, the Eligible Employee

(1)willfully
breaches any statutory, common law, or contractual obligation to the Company or an Affiliate that results in or could reasonably result
in material harm to the Company (including, without limitation, the contractual obligations set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement
and any other confidentiality, non-disclosure and developments agreement, non-competition, non-solicitation, or similar type agreement
between the Eligible Employee and the Company, as applicable);

(2)fails
to enter into the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement; or

(3)without
the prior written approval of the Plan Administrator, engages in a Prohibited Action (as defined below). In addition, if benefits under
the Plan have already been paid to the Eligible Employee and the Eligible Employee subsequently engages in a Prohibited Action during
the Prohibited Period (or it is determined that the Eligible Employee engaged in a Prohibited Action prior to receipt of such benefits),
any benefits previously paid to the Eligible Employee shall be subject to recoupment by the Company on such terms and conditions as shall
be determined by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Prohibited Period shall commence on the
date of the Eligible Employees Covered Termination and continue for the number of months corresponding to the Severance Period
set forth in an Eligible Employees Participation Agreement. A Prohibited Action shall occur if the
Eligible Employee: breaches a material provision of the Confidentiality Agreement and/or any obligations of confidentiality, non-solicitation,
non-disparagement, no conflicts or non-competition set forth in the Eligible Employees employment agreement, offer letter, any
other written agreement between the Eligible Employee and the Company, or under applicable law.

4 

Section 3. Amount
of Benefits.

(a)Benefits
in Participation Agreement. Benefits under the Plan shall be provided to an Eligible Employee
as set forth in the Participation Agreement.

(b)Additional
Benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide benefits
to individuals who are not Eligible Employees (Non-Eligible Employees) chosen by the Plan Administrator, in
its sole discretion, and the provision of any such benefits to a Non-Eligible Employee shall in no way obligate the Company to provide
such benefits to any other individual, even if similarly situated. If benefits under the Plan are provided to a Non-Eligible Employee,
references in the Plan to Eligible Employee (and similar references) shall be deemed to refer to such Non-Eligible Employee.

(c)Certain
Reductions. In addition to Section 2(e) above, the Company, in its sole discretion,
shall have the authority to reduce an Eligible Employees severance benefits, in whole or in part, by (i) any other severance
benefits, (ii) pay and benefits provided during a period following written notice of a business closing or mass layoff, (iii) pay
and benefits in lieu of such notice, or (iv) other similar benefits, in each case, payable to the Eligible Employee by the Company
or an Affiliate and which become payable in connection with the Eligible Employees termination of employment pursuant to (x) any
applicable legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or any other similar
state law or (y) any Company policy or practice providing for the Eligible Employee to remain on the payroll for a limited period
of time after being given notice of the termination of the Eligible Employees employment, and the Plan Administrator shall so construe
and implement the terms of the Plan. Any such reductions that the Company determines to make pursuant to this Section 3(c) shall
be made such that any severance benefit under the Plan shall be reduced solely by any similar type of benefit under such legal requirement,
agreement, policy or practice (i.e., any cash severance benefits under the Plan shall be reduced solely by any cash payments or
severance benefits under such legal requirement, agreement, policy or practice). The Companys decision to apply such reductions
to the severance benefits of one Eligible Employee and the amount of such reductions shall in no way obligate the Company to apply the
same reductions in the same amounts to the severance benefits of any other Eligible Employee. In the Companys sole discretion,
such reductions may be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits previously paid being re-characterized as payments pursuant
to the Companys statutory obligation.

(d)Parachute
Payments. If any payment or benefit an Eligible Employee will or may receive from the Company
or otherwise (a Payment) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of
Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code
(the Excise Tax), then any such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount
shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject
to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined
by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes,
and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in the Eligible Employees receipt, on an after-tax
basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a
reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of
the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method) that results in the
greatest economic benefit for the Eligible Employee. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the
items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method).

5 

Notwithstanding any provisions
in this Section above to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the
Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A,
then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of
taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible,
the greatest economic benefit for the Eligible Employee as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority, Payments that
are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are
not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning
of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A.

The Company shall appoint
a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section. The Company shall bear all expenses
with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. If the Eligible Employee receives a Payment
for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) above and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that
some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, Eligible Employee agrees to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount
of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) above) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise
Tax. If the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) above, the Eligible Employee shall have no obligation to return
any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence.

Section 4.Return
of Company Property.

An Eligible Employee will
not be entitled to any severance benefit under the Plan unless and until the Eligible Employee returns all Company Property as required
under the Confidentiality Agreement or as otherwise requested by the Company. For this purpose, Company Property
means all paper and electronic Company documents (and all copies thereof) and other Company property that the Eligible Employee had in
his or her possession or control at any time, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, plans, forecasts,
reports, studies, analyses, proposals, agreements, financial information, research and development information, sales and marketing information,
operational and personnel information, specifications, code, software, databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and
equipment (including, but not limited to, computers, facsimile machines, mobile telephones, servers), credit cards, entry cards, identification
badges and keys; and any materials of any kind that contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and
all reproductions thereof in whole or in part). As a condition to receiving benefits under the Plan, an Eligible Employee must not make
or retain copies, reproductions or summaries of any such Company documents, materials or property. However, an Eligible Employee is not
required to return his or her personal copies of documents evidencing the Eligible Employees hire, termination, compensation, benefits
and stock options and any other documentation received as a stockholder of the Company.

Section 5.Time
of Payment and Form of Benefits

The Company reserves the right
in the Participation Agreement to specify whether payments under the Plan will be paid in a single sum, in installments, or in any other
form and to determine the timing of such payments. All such payments under the Plan will be subject to applicable withholding for federal,
state, foreign, provincial and local taxes. All benefits provided under the Plan are intended to satisfy the requirements for an exemption
from application of Section 409A to the maximum extent that an exemption is available and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted
accordingly; provided, however, that to the extent such an exemption is not available, the benefits provided under the Plan are
intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any
ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly.

6 

It is intended that (i) each
installment of any benefits payable under the Plan to an Eligible Employee be regarded as a separate payment for purposes
of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i), (ii) all payments of any such benefits under the Plan satisfy, to the greatest
extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4),
1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and (iii) any such benefits consisting of premium payments for group health insurance
continuation coverage also satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemption from the application of Section 409A provided
under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). However, if the Company determines that any severance benefits payable under
the Plan constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A and the Eligible Employee is a specified employee
of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition
of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, (A) the timing of such severance benefit payments shall be delayed
until the earlier of (1) the date that is six months and one day after the Eligible Employees Separation from Service and
(2) the date of the Eligible Employees death (such applicable date, the Delayed Initial Payment Date),
and (B) the Company shall (1) pay the Eligible Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the severance benefit payments
that the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received through the Delayed Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of
the severance benefits had not been delayed pursuant to this paragraph and (2) commence paying the balance, if any, of the severance
benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedule.

In no event shall payment
of any severance benefits under the Plan be made prior to an Eligible Employees Separation from Service or prior to the effective
date of the Release. If the Company determines that any severance payments or benefits provided under the Plan constitute deferred
compensation under Section 409A, and the Eligible Employees Separation from Service occurs at a time during the calendar
year when the Release could become effective in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Eligible Employees Separation
from Service occurs, then regardless of when the Release is returned to the Company and becomes effective, the Release will not be deemed
effective, solely for purposes of the timing of payment of severance benefits under this Plan, any earlier than the latest permitted effective
date (the Release Deadline). If the Company determines that any severance payments or benefits provided
under the Plan constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A, then except to the extent that severance payments
may be delayed until the Delayed Initial Payment Date pursuant to the preceding paragraph, on the first regular payroll date following
the effective date of an Eligible Employees Release, the Company shall (1) pay the Eligible Employee a lump sum amount equal
to the sum of the severance benefit payments that the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received through such payroll date but for
the delay in payment related to the effectiveness of the Release and (2) commence paying the balance, if any, of the severance benefits
in accordance with the applicable payment schedule.

Section 6.Transfer
and Assignment.

The rights and obligations
of an Eligible Employee under this Plan may not be transferred or assigned without the prior written consent of the Company. This Plan
shall be binding upon any entity or person who is a successor by merger, acquisition, consolidation or otherwise to the business formerly
carried on by the Company without regard to whether or not such entity or person actively assumes the obligations hereunder and without
regard to whether or not a Change in Control occurs.

7 

Section 7. Mitigation.

Except as otherwise specifically
provided in the Plan, an Eligible Employee will not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided under the Plan
by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor will the amount of any payment provided for under the Plan be reduced by any compensation
earned by an Eligible Employee as a result of employment by another employer or any retirement benefits received by an Eligible Employee
after the date of the Eligible Employees termination of employment with the Company.

Section 8.Clawback;
Recovery.

All payments and severance
benefits provided under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to
adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are
listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition,
the Plan Administrator may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions as the Plan Administrator determines necessary
or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of common stock of the Company
or other cash or property upon the occurrence of a termination of employment for Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback
policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for Good Reason, constructive termination, or any similar term under any plan
of or agreement with the Company.

Section 9.Right
to Interpret and Administer Plan; Amendment and Termination.

(a)Interpretation
and Administration. Prior to the Closing, the Committee shall be the Plan Administrator and shall
have the exclusive discretion and authority to establish rules, forms, and procedures for the administration of the Plan and to construe
and interpret the Plan and to decide any and all questions of fact, interpretation, definition, computation or administration arising
in connection with the operation of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the eligibility to participate in the Plan and amount of
benefits paid under the Plan. The rules, interpretations, computations and other actions of the Committee shall be binding and conclusive
on all persons. Upon and after the Closing, the Plan will be interpreted and administered in good faith by the Representative who shall
be the Plan Administrator during such period. All actions taken by the Representative in interpreting the terms of the Plan and administering
the Plan upon and after the Closing will be final and binding on all Eligible Employees. Any references in this Plan to the Committee
or Plan Administrator with respect to periods following the Closing shall mean the Representative.

(b)Amendment.
The Plan Administrator reserves the right to amend this Plan at any time; provided, however, that any amendment of the Plan will
not be effective as to a particular employee who is or may be adversely impacted by such amendment or termination and has an effective
Participation Agreement without the written consent of such employee.

(c)Termination.
The Plan will remain in effect until terminated by the Plan Administrator. Any outstanding obligations
under the Plan (if any) will remain outstanding following termination of the Plan until satisfied by the Company (or successor to the
Company, if applicable).

8 

Section 10.No
Implied Employment Contract.

The Plan shall not be deemed
(i) to give any employee or other person any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or (ii) to interfere with the
right of the Company to discharge any employee or other person at any time, with or without cause, which right is hereby reserved. This
Plan does not modify the at-will employment status of any Eligible Employee.

Section 11.Legal
Construction.

This Plan is intended to be
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA)
and, to the extent not preempted by ERISA, the laws of the State of California, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law.

Section 12.Claims, Inquiries
and Appeals.

(a)Applications
for Benefits and Inquiries. Any application for benefits, inquiries about the Plan or inquiries
about present or future rights under the Plan must be submitted to the Plan Administrator in writing by an applicant (or his or her authorized
representative). The Plan Administrator is:

Alumis Inc.

Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
or Representative

Attention to: Corporate Secretary

280 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, CA 94080

(b)Denial
of Claims. In the event that any application for benefits is denied in whole or in part, the
Plan Administrator must provide the applicant with written or electronic notice of the denial of the application, and of the applicants
right to review the denial. Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor. The notice of denial
will be set forth in a manner designed to be understood by the applicant and will include the following:

(1)the
specific reason or reasons for the denial;

(2)references
to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is based;

(3)a
description of any additional information or material that the Plan Administrator needs to complete the review and an explanation of why
such information or material is necessary; and

(4)an
explanation of the Plans review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the applicants
right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a denial on review of the claim, as described in Section 12(d) below.

This notice of denial will be
given to the applicant within 90 days after the Plan Administrator receives the application, unless special circumstances require an extension
of time, in which case, the Plan Administrator has up to an additional 90 days for processing the application. If an extension of time
for processing is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant before the end of the initial 90 day period.

9 

This notice of extension will
describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision
on the application.

(c)Request
for a Review. Any person (or that persons authorized representative) for whom an application
for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, may appeal the denial by submitting a request for a review to the Plan Administrator within
60 days after the application is denied. A request for a review shall be in writing and shall be addressed to:

Alumis Inc.

Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
or Representative

Attention to: Corporate Secretary

280 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, CA 94080

A request for review must set forth all of the
grounds on which it is based, all facts in support of the request and any other matters that the applicant feels are pertinent. The applicant
(or his or her representative) shall have the opportunity to submit (or the Plan Administrator may require the applicant to submit) written
comments, documents, records, and other information relating to his or her claim. The applicant (or his or her representative) shall be
provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant
to his or her claim. The review shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the applicant
(or his or her representative) relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial
benefit determination.

(d)Decision
on Review. The Plan Administrator will act on each request for review within 60 days after receipt
of the request, unless special circumstances require an extension of time (not to exceed an additional 60 days), for processing the request
for a review. If an extension for review is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant within the initial
60 day period. This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which
the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the review. The Plan Administrator will give prompt, written or electronic notice
of its decision to the applicant. Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor. In the event
that the Plan Administrator confirms the denial of the application for benefits in whole or in part, the notice will set forth, in a manner
calculated to be understood by the applicant, the following:

(1)the
specific reason or reasons for the denial;

(2)references
to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is based;

(3)a
statement that the applicant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents,
records and other information relevant to his or her claim; and

(4)a
statement of the applicants right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA.

(e)Rules and
Procedures. The Plan Administrator will establish rules and procedures, consistent with
the Plan and with ERISA, as necessary and appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities in reviewing benefit claims. The Plan Administrator
may require an applicant who wishes to submit additional information in connection with an appeal from the denial of benefits to do so
at the applicants own expense.

10 

(f)Exhaustion
of Remedies. No legal action for benefits under the Plan may be brought until the applicant (i) has
submitted a written application for benefits in accordance with the procedures described by Section 12(a) above, (ii) has
been notified by the Plan Administrator that the application is denied, (iii) has filed a written request for a review of the application
in accordance with the appeal procedure described in Section 12(c) above, and (iv) has been notified that the Plan Administrator
has denied the appeal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Plan Administrator does not respond to an Eligible Employees claim
or appeal within the relevant time limits specified in this Section 12, the Eligible Employee may bring legal action for benefits
under the Plan pursuant to Section 502(a) of ERISA.

Section 13.Basis
of Payments to and from Plan.

The Plan shall be unfunded,
and all cash payments under the Plan shall be paid only from the general assets of the Company.

Section 14.Other
Plan Information.

(a)Employer
and Plan Identification Numbers. The Employer Identification Number assigned to the Company (which
is the Plan Sponsor as that term is used in ERISA) by the Internal Revenue Service is 86-1771129. The Plan Number assigned
to the Plan by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to the instructions of the Internal Revenue Service is 505.

(b)Ending
Date for Plans Fiscal Year. The date of the end of the fiscal year for the purpose of
maintaining the Plans records is December 31.

(c)Agent
for the Service of Legal Process. The agent for the service of legal process with respect to
the Plan is:

Alumis Inc.

Attention to: Corporate Secretary

280 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, CA 94080

In addition, service of legal process may be made
upon the Plan Administrator.

(d)Plan
Sponsor. The Plan Sponsor is:

Alumis Inc.

280 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, CA 94080

(650) 240-8844

(e)Plan
Administrator. The Plan Administrator is the Committee prior to the Closing and the Representative
upon and following the Closing. The Plan Administrators contact information is:

Alumis Inc.

Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
or Representative

280 East Grand Avenue

South San Francisco, CA 94080

The Plan Administrator is the named fiduciary
charged with the responsibility for administering the Plan.

11 

Section 15.Statement
of ERISA Rights.

Participants in this Plan (which
is a welfare benefit plan sponsored by Arsenal Biosciences, Inc.) are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA. If
you are an Eligible Employee, you are considered a participant in the Plan and, under ERISA, you are entitled to:

(a)Receive
Information About Your Plan and Benefits

(1)Examine,
without charge, at the Plan Administrators office and at other specified locations, such as worksites, all documents governing
the Plan and a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of
Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security Administration;

(2)Obtain,
upon written request to the Plan Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the Plan and copies of the latest annual
report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, and an updated (as necessary) Summary Plan Description. The Administrator may make a reasonable
charge for the copies; and

(3)Receive
a summary of the Plans annual financial report, if applicable. The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each Eligible
Employee with a copy of this summary annual report.

(b)Prudent
Actions by Plan Fiduciaries. In addition to creating rights for Plan Eligible Employees, ERISA
imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the employee benefit plan. The people who operate the Plan, called
fiduciaries of the Plan, have a duty to do so prudently and in the interest of you and other Eligible Employees and beneficiaries.
No one, including your employer, your union or any other person, may fire you or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent
you from obtaining a Plan benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA.

(c)Enforce
Your Rights. If your claim for a Plan benefit is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you
have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge, and to appeal any denial,
all within certain time schedules.

Under ERISA, there are steps
you can take to enforce the above rights. For instance, if you request a copy of Plan documents or the latest annual report from the Plan,
if applicable, and do not receive them within 30 days, you may file suit in a Federal court. In such a case, the court may require the
Plan Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up to $110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not
sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Plan Administrator.

If you have a claim for benefits
which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you may file suit in a state or Federal court.

If you are discriminated against
for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or you may file suit in a Federal court. The court
will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. If you are successful, the court may order the person you have sued to pay these
costs and fees. If you lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it finds your claim is frivolous.

(d)Assistance
with Your Questions. If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact the Plan Administrator.
If you have any questions about this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from
the Plan Administrator, you should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor,
listed in your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S.
Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. You may also obtain certain publications about your rights
and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration.

12 

Appendix
A

Participation
Agreement

[Intentionally Omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>alms-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>alms-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>alms-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42143

Entity Registrant Name Alumis Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001847367

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1771129

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 280 East Grand Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town South San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94080

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 231-6625

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol ALMS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://alumis.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

alms-20250218.xsd 
alms-20250218_lab.xml 
alms-20250218_pre.xml 
tm257286d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-016134-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm257286d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001847367 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001847367 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
Alumis Inc. 
DE 
001-42143 
86-1771129 
280 East Grand Avenue 
South San Francisco 
CA 
94080 
650 
231-6625 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
ALMS 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>