<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-021390.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-021390.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306163018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-021390
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rithm Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002047497
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42537
		FILM NUMBER:		25715729

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 850-7770

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258433d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000204749700020474972025-02-282025-02-280002047497RAC:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassaOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-02-282025-02-280002047497RAC:ClassaOrdinarySharesIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember2025-02-282025-02-280002047497RAC:RedeemableWarrantsIncludedAsPartOfUnitsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassaOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED):
February 28, 2025

Rithm Acquisition Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42537 98-1832772

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

799
Broadway, 8th
Floor

New York, New York 10003

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

+1 (212) 850-7770

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each

exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant RAC.U New York Stock Exchange

Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units RAC New York Stock Exchange

Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 RAC.WS New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events

On February 28,
2025, Rithm Acquisition Corp. (the Company) consummated an initial public offering (the IPO) of 23,000,000
units (the Public Units) at $10.00 per Public Unit, each Public Unit being comprised of one Class A ordinary shares,
$0.0001 par value per share (the Public Shares) and one-third of one redeemable warrant, each whole
warrant being exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 (subject to adjustment, as described in the
final prospectus relating to the IPO) (the Public Warrants). In connection with the IPO, the Company also consummated
a private placement (the Private Placement) of units (the Private Placement Units) pursuant to which Rithm
Acquisition Corp Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor) purchased 600,000 Private Placement Units (and up to 60,000 additional units
if the underwriters in the public offering exercise their option to purchase additional units in full) at $10.00 per Private Placement
Units, each Private Placement Unit being comprised of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share (the Private
Placement Shares) and one-third of one non-redeemable warrant, each whole warrant being exercisable
for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 (subject to adjustment, as described in the final prospectus relating
to the IPO) (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants).

The net proceeds from
the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement, $230,000,000 in the aggregate (the Offering Proceeds),
were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO
with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. The Company will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal
or interest held in the trust account, except with respect to amounts withdrawn or eligible to be withdrawn to pay the Companys
taxes (and such withdrawals can only be made from interest and not from the principal held in the trust account), until the earliest of
(i) the completion of the Companys initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys Public Shares
if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law, and (iii) the
redemption of the Companys Public Shares properly submitted in connection with the implementation by the directors of, following
a shareholder vote to approve, an amendment to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify
the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide holders of the Public Shares the right to have their shares redeemed
or repurchased in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys Public Shares
if the Company does not complete the Companys initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO (or 27
months from the closing of the IPO if the Company has executed a letter of intent) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to the rights of holders of Public Shares.

An audited balance sheet
as of February 28, 2025, reflecting receipt of the Offering Proceeds, has been issued by the Company and is included as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company expects to file an amended audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt of additional
offering proceeds from (i) the sale of 3,000,000 Public Units in connection with the closing on February 28, 2025 of the full
exercise of the over-allotment option that was granted to the underwriters of the IPO and (ii) the 60,000 additional Private Placement
Units that were purchased by the Sponsor in connection therewith.

Item 9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet

104 Cover Page Interactive File, embedded in Inline XBRL.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 6, 2025 RITHM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Varun Wadhawan

Name: Varun Wadhawan

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258433d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

RITHM ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

&NegativeThickSpace; PAGE

Financial Statement of Rithm Acquisition Corp.: &NegativeThickSpace;

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of February 28, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Rithm Acquisition Corp.:

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the
accompanying balance sheet of Rithm Acquisition Corp. (the "Company") as of February 28, 2025, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the "financial statement"). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of February 28, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement
is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statement based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB")
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our
audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the entitys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

March 6, 2025

F-2

RITHM
ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE
SHEET

FEBRUARY 28, 2025

Assets: 

Current asset 

Due from Sponsor $ 2,000,000 

Total current asset 2,000,000 

Cash held in Trust Account 230,000,000 

Total Assets $ 232,000,000 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued offering costs $ 539,108 

Accrued expenses 30,680 

Promissory note related party 172,139 

Total current liabilities 741,927 

Deferred underwriting fee 8,050,000 

Total Liabilities 8,791,927 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 23,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.00 per share 230,000,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 660,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 66 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding 575 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (6,792,568 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (6,791,927 )

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 232,000,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statement.

F-3

RITHM
ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 28, 2025

Note 1 Description of Organization
and Business Operations

Rithm Acquisition
Corp. (the Company) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination
target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company. The Company is an emerging growth company
and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

As of February 28,
2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from November 21, 2024 (inception) through February 28,
2025 relates to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering), which is described
below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest.
The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.
The Company has selected September 30 as its fiscal year end.

The registration
statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 26, 2025. On February 28, 2025,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A
ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000, which
is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public
Warrant).

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 660,000 private units (the Private Placement Units),
at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, in a private placement to the Companys sponsor, Rithm Acquisition Corp Sponsor
LLC (the Sponsor), generating gross proceeds of $6,600,000, which is described in Note 4. Each Private Placement Unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants and together
with the Public Warrants, the Warrants). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

Transaction costs
amounted to $13,307,016, consisting of $4,600,000 of cash underwriting fee, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and $657,016 of other
offering costs.

The Companys
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a
Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned
on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, on February 28, 2025, an amount of $230,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units, and a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the trust account (Trust
Account), located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be
held in cash, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank, or invested only in United States government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account as described below.

F-4

The Company will
provide the holders (the Public Shareholders) of Public Units, with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their
Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will
be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially at $10.00
per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
for Permitted Withdrawals (as defined below)). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5).

Upon the public announcement
of the initial Business Combination, if the Company elects to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company and
the Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase the Class A ordinary shares in the
open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).
In the event the Company conducts redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20
business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and the Company will not be permitted to complete the
initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public
shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares the Company is permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more
shares than the Company has offered to purchase, the Company will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial Business Combination.

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of its Business Combination and does not conduct redemptions in connection with its
Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association will provide
that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted
from redeeming its Public Shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares issued in the Initial Public Offering,
without the prior consent of the Company.

The Sponsor and the
Companys officers and directors (the initial shareholders) have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (a) that would modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to provide holders of its Public Shares the right to have their shares redeemed or repurchased in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem 100% of the Companys Public Shares if the Company does not complete its Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company has executed
a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering) (such 24- or 27-month period, the Combination Period) or (b) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of Public Shareholders, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously withdrawn or
eligible to be withdrawn by the Company to pay the Companys taxes (Permitted Withdrawals), divided by the number
of the then-outstanding Public Shares.

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company for Permitted
Withdrawals (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of
clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the
Companys Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination within the
Combination Period.

F-5

The initial shareholders
have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares included in the Private
Placement Units if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders
acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters
have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other
funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares.

In the event of such
distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets)
will be only $10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor
has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding the Companys independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company
has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentially or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than $10.00 per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Companys indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act).

Moreover, in the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of
any liability for such third-party claims. The Sponsor has not made reserves for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company
independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the
Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. The Company
will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (excluding the Companys independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States
and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic
Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom,
the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals
and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance
to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly
unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets,
as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could
adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above
mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from
the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely
affect the Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate
an initial Business Combination.

F-6

Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying
financial statement is presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Liquidity

The Companys
liquidity needs up to February 28, 2025 had been satisfied through the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of
up to $300,000 (see Note 4). As of February 28, 2025, the Company had no cash and a working capital of $1,258,073.

In order to fund
working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the
Sponsor, or certain of the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required
(Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts at
that time. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be converted into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price
of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of February 28, 2025, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans.

In connection with the Companys
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company does not believe it will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial Business Combination. Management
has determined that upon the receipt of the amount due from Sponsor (see Note 8), the Company will have sufficient funds to finance the
working capital needs of the Company within one year from the date of issuance of the financial statement.

F-7

Emerging Growth Company

The Company is an
emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that
apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt
the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company that is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible
because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of
the financial statement in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates
requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its
estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had no
cash and cash equivalents as of February 28, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of February 28,
2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $230,000,000, were held in cash.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at
times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such
funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As of
February 28, 2025, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to
significant risks on such accounts.

Offering Costs

The
Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic
5A Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration
fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC 470-20,
Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt
into its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between
Class A ordinary shares and Warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned
value of the Warrants and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary
equity, and offering costs allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholders deficit as
Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, after managements evaluation, were accounted for under equity treatment.

F-8

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of
the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.

Fair Value Measurements

Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets;

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.

In some circumstances,
the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the
fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.

Income Taxes

The Company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment
date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

F-9

ASC Topic 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major
tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As
of February 28, 2025, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered
to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes
or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for
the period presented.

Warrant Instruments

The Company accounted
for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement
in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated
and classified the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values. Such guidance provides that the Warrants described
above will not be precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated
value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity in accordance
with ASC 480 and ASC 815.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The public shares
contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation,
or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with
ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies public shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are
not solely within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust
the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption value. The change in the carrying
value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit.
Accordingly, as of February 28, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value
as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of February 28,
2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 230,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (2,464,833 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (13,146,278 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 15,611,111 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, February 28, 2025 $ 230,000,000 

Share-Based Compensation

The Company records
share-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Share Compensation (ASC 718),
guidance to account for its share-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee share option
or similar equity instrument. The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments at their fair value on the grant date, which are
based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees
for services rendered are recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value. The grants
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted,
but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023,
the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU
require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating
officer decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of
segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the
CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources.
Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with
a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures
in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on November 21, 2024.

F-10

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the
accompanying financial statement.

Note 3 Initial Public Offering

Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, On February 28, 2025, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter
of their over-allotment option amounting to 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share, and one-third of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6).

Note 4 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On November 26,
2024, Rithm Acquisition Corp Sponsor LLC paid $25,000 to cover certain of the Companys expenses in exchange for the issuance of
5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 (the Founder Shares). The Sponsor has agreed to forfeit up to
750,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture will
be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will
represent 19.8% of the Companys issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the Private Placement Units and assuming the
initial shareholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering) after the Initial Public Offering. On February 27,
2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the
750,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor is holding 5,675,000 Founder Shares, after giving effect to the
Founder Share transfers described below.

In January and
February 2025, the Sponsor transferred a total of 75,000 Founder Shares to the three independent director nominees (25,000 shares
each) for an aggregate consideration of $0.004 per share, or an aggregate total amount of $326. The Founder Shares will be returned to
the Sponsor if the holder of such Founder Shares is no longer serving as a director on the Companys board of directors prior to
the initial Business Combination. The transfer of the Founder Shares to the three independent director nominees are in the scope of FASB
ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated
with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the Founder Shares granted to the Companys
independent directors was $123,600 or $2.47 per share for the 50,000 shares transferred in January 2025, and $61,828 or $2.47 per
share for the 25,000 shares transferred in February 2025. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e.,
providing services through Business Combination). Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered
probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares that ultimately vest times
the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder
Shares. As of February 28, 2025, the Company determined that the initial Business Combination is not considered probable and therefore
no compensation expense has been recognized. Subject to limited exceptions, the initial shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or
sell any Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) 180 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination
and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property.

Private Placement

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 660,000 Private Placement Units, at a price of $10.00
per Private Placement Unit, in a private placement. The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public
Offering. If the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, any proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law). Holders of the Private Placement Units have entered into an agreement, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares included in any Private Placement Units and Public
Shares in connection with (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) the implementation by the directors
of, following a shareholder vote to approve, an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would modify the substance or timing of the obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed or repurchased in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company
does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares. Subject to limited exceptions, the Private Placement Units (including any
Private Placement Shares or Private Placement Warrants included in such Private Placement Units) will not be transferable or salable until
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Certain proceeds from the Private Placement Units will be added
to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account.

F-11

Due from Sponsor

As of February 28, 2025,
the Sponsor owes the Company an aggregate amount of $2,000,000, representing the private placement proceeds to be transferred to the Company
once its bank account has been established. The Sponsor settled the total amount it owed to the Company on March 4, 2025 (see Note 8).

Related Party Loans

On November 26, 2024,
Rithm Acquisition Corp Sponsor LLC agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial
Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of June 30, 2026 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of February 28, 2025, the Company had $172,139 outstanding
borrowings under the Note. The note is now due on demand. On March 4, 2025, the Company repaid the total outstanding balance of the Note
(see Note 8).

Working Capital Loans

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital
Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of
the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust
Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lenders discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into shares of the post
Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The Private Placement Units issued upon conversion of any such loans would
be identical to the Private Placement Units sold in the private placement concurrently with the Initial Public Offering. As of February 28,
2025, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

Administrative Support Agreement

The Company entered
into an agreement with the Sponsor, commencing on February 26, 2025 through the earlier of the Companys consummation of initial
Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor an aggregate of $20,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
support services.

Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies

Registration Rights

Holders of the Founder
Shares and Private Placement Units, including from time to time the Public Shares, Private Placement Units that may be issued upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans, any Private Placement Shares or Private Placement Warrants included in Private Placement Units, any Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of Founder Shares or upon exercise of Warrants they may hold or acquire, and any Warrants, including
Private Placement Warrants, that they may hold or acquire, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder
rights agreement to be signed in connection with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business
Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Further, the
Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment
to the board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial
Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 27, 2025, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 28, 2025, the underwriters purchased
the additional 3,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit.

F-12

The underwriters
were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Public Share, or $4,600,000 in the aggregate, which was paid at the closing of
the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of $0.35 per Public Share,
or $8,050,000 in the aggregate, payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Note 6 Shareholders Deficit

Preference
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of directors. As of February 28, 2025, there
were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. As of February 28, 2025, 660,000 Class A ordinary shares are issued and outstanding, excluding 23,000,000 shares
subject to possible redemption.

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. As of February 28, 2025, there were 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

F-13

Except as described
below, ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and
holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters
submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law. Unless otherwise specified in the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, or as required by applicable
provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares that are
represented in person or by proxy and are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the shareholders. Approval of certain
actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast
by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting
of the company, and pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. The board
of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for terms of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50% of the shares entitled to vote and voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. The shareholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Incumbent directors shall
also have the ability to appoint additional directors or to appoint replacement directors in the event of a casual vacancy in accordance
with the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Further, prior to the closing of the Business Combination, only
holders of the Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on transferring the Company by way of continuation in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt
new constitutional documents of the company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a
jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands) and, as a result, the Sponsor will be able to approve any such proposal without the vote of any
other shareholder. The provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment of directors
prior to the Business Combination and the Companys continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to the initial
Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of the Companys
outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Holders of the public shares will not be entitled to vote on a special resolution to amend such
provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association during such period.

Subject to adjustment
for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as
provided herein, the Founder Shares, which are designated as Class B ordinary shares, will be convertible at the option of the holder
on a one-for-one basis or will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon
conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails
to consummate an initial Business Combination) concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination
at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares (including, for the avoidance
of doubt for purposes of the calculation described hereafter, the Class A ordinary shares that may have been issued upon conversion
of Founder Shares at the option of the holder thereof prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination) will equal, in the
aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding
the Private Placement Shares included in the Private Placement Units and including any Class A ordinary share issued pursuant to
the underwriters over-allotment option) upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number
of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued to the
Sponsor, members of the management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company. In no
event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one.

Warrants 
As of February 28, 2025, there were 7,886,667 Warrants outstanding, including 7,666,667 Public Warrants and 220,000 Private Placement
Warrants. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade.

F-14

The Public Warrants
will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, provided in each case that the Company has an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants
and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the
securities, or blue sky laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless
basis under certain circumstances). The Company is registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants
in the registration statement of which the prospectus, in which the financial statement is included, forms a part because the Public Warrants
will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, which may be within one year of the Initial Public
Offering. However, because the Public Warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion
of the Business Combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the
consummation of the Business Combination, the Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days
after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating
to those Class A ordinary shares until the Warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the Warrant agreement. If a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the
closing of the initial Business Combination, Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company
does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available.

The Warrants have
an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good
faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any
Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading day period starting on the
trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value)
is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. See Redemption of Warrants when the price
per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00 below).

The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except (i) that the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (ii) the
Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and (iii) the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis
and have certain registration rights.

Redemption of Warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem
the outstanding Warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants):

F-15

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per Warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders.

The Company will
not redeem the Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary
shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period.

In no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrant. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect
to their Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Companys assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect
to such Warrants. Accordingly, the Warrants may expire worthless.

F-16

Note 7 Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of the Public Warrants
is $2,464,833, or $0.32 per Public Warrant. The fair value of Public Warrants was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public
Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table
presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Warrants:

February 28, 2025 

Valuation date price $ 9.89 

Strike price $ 11.50 

Expected time until merger (years) 1.50 

Time remaining post-merger (years) 5.00 

Probability of merger closing 25.00 %

Effective expected warrant term 2.75 

Peer implied volatility 7.55 %

Risk-free rate (term matched) 3.97 %

Note 8 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent
events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statement was issued. Based upon
this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the financial statement.

On March 4, 2025, the Sponsor
paid a total aggregate amount of $1,827,861 it owed to the Company. The amount paid by the Sponsor was derived from the $2,000,000 total
amount due from the Sponsor less the outstanding Note balance of $172,139. Borrowings under the note are no longer available.

F-17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rac-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rac-20250228_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rac-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units Each Consisting Of One Classa Ordinary Share 0. 0001 Par Value And Onethird Of One Redeemable Warrant [Member] 

Classa Ordinary Shares Included As Part Of Units [Member] 

Redeemable Warrants Included As Part Of Units Each Whole Warrant Exercisable For One Classa Ordinary Share At Exercise Price Of 11. 50 [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rac-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42537

Entity Registrant Name Rithm Acquisition Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0002047497

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1832772

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 799
Broadway

Entity Address, Address Line Two 8th
Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10003

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 850-7770

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units Each Consisting Of One Classa Ordinary Share 0. 0001 Par Value And Onethird Of One Redeemable Warrant [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol RAC.U

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Classa Ordinary Shares Included As Part Of Units [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units

Trading Symbol RAC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Redeemable Warrants Included As Part Of Units Each Whole Warrant Exercisable For One Classa Ordinary Share At Exercise Price Of 11. 50 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol RAC.WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RAC_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassaOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RAC_ClassaOrdinarySharesIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RAC_RedeemableWarrantsIncludedAsPartOfUnitsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassaOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://RAC/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rac-20250228.xsd 
rac-20250228_def.xml 
rac-20250228_lab.xml 
rac-20250228_pre.xml 
tm258433d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-021390-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm258433d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002047497 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0002047497 

RAC:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassaOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0002047497 

RAC:ClassaOrdinarySharesIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0002047497 

RAC:RedeemableWarrantsIncludedAsPartOfUnitsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassaOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002047497 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
Rithm Acquisition Corp. 
E9 
001-42537 
98-1832772 
799 Broadway 
8th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10003 
212 
850-7770 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant 
RAC.U 
NYSE 
Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units 
RAC 
NYSE 
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 
RAC.WS 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>