<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001888524-25-004048.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001888524-25-004048.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303173703
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001888524-25-004048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250301
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001547361
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001541557
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change of Servicer or Trustee
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Commercial mortgages

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS9
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001664682
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-206582-01
		FILM NUMBER:		25699862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1585 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-761-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1585 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>msc16ub9_8k-03012025.htm
<TEXT>
msc16ub9_8k-03012025.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington D.C. 20549 FORM 8-KCURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

March 1,
2025

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported) 

Central Index Key Number of the
issuing entity: 0001664682 

Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS9

(Exact name of issuing entity) 

Central Index Key Number of the
registrant: 0001547361 

Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0001541886 

UBS Real Estate Securities Inc.

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0001541557 

Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0001102113 

Bank of America, National Association

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

New York 

333-206582-01 

38-3991339

38-3991340

38-7145096

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of
issuing entity) 

(Commission File Number of issuing entity) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Numbers) 

c/o Computershare
Trust Company, N.A., as agent for

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

9062 Old Annapolis Road

Columbia, MD 21045

(Address of principal executive offices of the issuing entity) (Zip Code) 

(212)
761-4000

Registrant's Telephone number, including area code 

Former name or former address, if
changed since last report: Not Applicable 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act(17 CFR
240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act(17 CFR
240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this
chapter).

Emerging
growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised Financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of
the Exchange Act. 

Item
6.02 Change of Servicer or Trustee.

Description of Trimont LLC

General. Trimont LLC,
a Georgia limited liability company (Trimont), will act as:

Master servicer
of the Grove City Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan pursuant to the BACM 2016-UBS10
pooling and servicing agreement,

Master
servicer of the Gulfport Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan pursuant to the MSBAM
2016-C29 pooling and servicing agreement, and

Master
servicer of the Princeton Pike Corporate Center Mortgage Loan pursuant to the
MSBAM 2016-C28 pooling and servicing agreement.

Trimontis a
provider of loan servicing, asset management, due diligence, and customized
advisory solutions. 

The
principal servicing offices of Trimont are located at 550 South Tryon Street,
Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 and Two Alliance Center, 3560 Lenox Road NE,
Suite 2200, Atlanta, Georgia 30326. Trimont also has
offices in the US located in Overland Park, Kansas, New York, New York, and
Dallas, Texas. 

As of
March 1, 2025 (CMS Acquisition Closing Date), Trimont
purchased the third party servicing segment (CMS) of Wells
Fargo Bank, National Associations commercial mortgage servicing business
(CMS Transaction). See CMS
Transaction below. As of
the CMS Acquisition Closing Date, Trimont is rated (ranked) by Fitch, S&P
and Morningstar DBRS as a master servicer, a primary servicer and a special
servicer of commercial mortgage loans in the US. Trimonts servicer
ratings (rankings) by each of these agencies are outlined below: 

US Servicer Ratings 

Fitch(1) 

S&P 

MorningstarDBRS(3)

Primary
Servicer:................................................................... 

CPS2 

Strong 

MOR CS2

Master
Servicer:....................................................................

CMS3+ 

Average(2) 

MOR CS3

Special
Servicer:....................................................................

CSS2 

Strong 

MOR CS2

(1) The primary
servicer and special servicer ratings of Trimont have been placed on
Rating Watch Negative during the integration period associated
with the CMS Transaction as is consistent with Fitchs criteria and
historical practice.

(2) The master
servicer rating of Trimont has been placed on Rating Watch
Positive during the integration period associated with the CMS
Transaction.

(3) The Morningstar/DBRS
primary servicer and special servicer ratings of Trimont are designated as
Stable Trend, and the master servicer rating has been placed on
Rating Watch Positive during the integration period associated
with the CMS Transaction.

Trimont
is also rated Strong as a Construction Loan Servicer by S&P
in the US.

Prior to the CMS Acquisition Closing Date, Trimont had
been primary servicing and special servicing securitized and non-securitized
commercial and multifamily loans in excess of 15 years.

The following table sets forth information about
Trimonts portfolio of master or primary serviced commercial and
multifamily loans (securitized and non-securitized) as of the dates indicated.

Commercial and 

Multifamily Mortgage Loans 

As of 12/31/2022 

As of 12/31/2023 

As of 12/31/2024 

As of 12/31/2024

(pro forma)*

By Approximate Number: 

2,574 

2,529 

2,301 

25,787

By Approximate Aggregate
Unpaid Principal Balance (in billions): 

$100.4 

$110.1 

$114.6 

$667

*Represents pro forma portfolio and includes CMS Loans (as hereinafter
defined).

The properties securing the loans in Trimonts
servicing portfolio (including CMS Loans (as hereinafter defined)) include
multifamily, office, retail, hospitality, industrial and other income producing
properties. 

Within this servicing portfolio (including CMS Loans),
as of December 31, 2024, approximately 18,402 commercial and multifamily loans
with an unpaid principal balance of approximately $440.4 billion are loans that
back commercial mortgage-backed securities or commercial real estate
collateralized debt obligation securities. 

Trimont has operating procedures across
the various servicing functions to maintain compliance with its servicing
obligations and servicing standards under Trimonts servicing
agreements. The only significant changes in Trimonts policies and
procedures over the past three years have come in response to changes in
federal or state law or investor requirements. Trimont expects to
incorporate CMS policies and procedures into its best practices for servicing
CMS Loans and newly originated commercial and multifamily loans.

Trimonts servicing platform allows Trimont to process
loan servicing activities including, but not limited to: (i) performing account
maintenance; (ii) tracking borrower communications; (iii) tracking real estate
tax escrows and payments, insurance escrows and payments, replacement reserve
escrows and operating statement data and rent rolls; (iv) entering and updating
transaction data; and (v) generating various reports. 

Prior to the CMS Acquisition Closing
Date, Trimont was not the designated primary advancing agent for any of the
loans it serviced. In
connection with the CMS Transaction, Trimont acquired the outstanding CMS
servicer advances using funding from a Wells Fargo credit facility and other
capital sources and assumed the future advancing obligations of Wells Fargo
under the servicing agreements that transferred to Trimont.

The following table sets forth pro forma information
regarding principal and interest advances and protective property advances held
by Trimont, as master servicer, on commercial and multifamily mortgage loans
included in commercial mortgage-backed securitizations. The information
set forth below is the pro forma amount of such advances outstanding as of the
date indicated (expressed as a dollar amount and as a percentage of the Trimont
pro forma portfolio, as of the end of such period, of master serviced commercial
and multifamily mortgage loans included in commercial mortgage-backed
securitizations).

As of 

Approximate Securitized 

Master-Serviced 

Portfolio (UPB)** 

Approximate 

Outstanding Advances 

(P&I and PPA)** 

Approximate 

Outstanding 

Advances as % of UPB

12/31/2024* 

$401,954,652,250 

$842,099,385 

0.20%

*Represents
pro forma portfolio and includes CMS Loans (as hereinafter defined).

** UPB means unpaid principal balance, P&I
means principal and interest advances and PPA means property
protection advances.

Trimont may perform some of its
obligations under the applicable servicing agreement through one or more
third-party vendors, affiliates or subsidiaries, including the engagement of
third-party vendors to provide technology or process efficiencies. 
Trimont monitors its third-party vendors in compliance with its internal
procedures and applicable law. Trimont has entered into contracts
directly with third-party vendors and may also obtain services from third party
vendors through Wells Fargo under the TSA (as hereinafter defined) for some or
all of the following functions: 

provision of Strategy and Strategy CS
software;

audit services;

tracking and reporting of flood zone
changes;

abstracting of leasing consent
requirements contained in loan documents;

legal representation;

assembly of data regarding buyer and
seller (borrower) with respect to proposed loan assumptions and preparation and
underwriting of loan assumption package for review by servicer;

performance of property inspections;

performance of tax parcel searches based
on property legal description, monitoring and reporting of delinquent taxes,
and collection and payment of taxes;

Uniform Commercial Code searches and
filings; 

insurance tracking and compliance;

onboarding-new loan setup;

lien release-filing & tracking;

credit investigation & background
checks; and

defeasance calculations.

Trimont may also enter into agreements
with certain firms to act as a primary servicer (or sub-servicer) and to
provide cashiering or non-cashiering subservicing on the mortgage loans. 
Trimont will monitor and review the performance of sub-servicers appointed by
it. Generally, all amounts received by Trimont on the mortgage loans will
initially be deposited into a common clearing account with collections on other
mortgage loans serviced by Trimont and will then be allocated and transferred to
the appropriate account as described in the related prospectus. On the
day any amount is to be disbursed by Trimont, that amount may be transferred to
a common disbursement account prior to disbursement.

Trimont will not have primary
responsibility for custody services of original documents evidencing the
mortgage loans. On occasion, Trimont may have custody of certain of such
documents as are necessary for enforcement actions involving the mortgage loans
or otherwise. To the extent Trimont performs custodial functions as a
servicer, documents will be maintained in a manner consistent with the
servicing standard.

There are, to the actual current
knowledge of Trimont, no special or unique factors of a material nature
involved in servicing the mortgage loans, as compared to the types of assets
serviced by Trimont in other commercial real estate securitization pools
generally.

Trimont does not believe that its
financial condition will have any adverse effect on the performance of its
duties under the applicable servicing agreement and, accordingly, Trimont
believes that its financial condition will not have any material impact on the
performance of the mortgage loans or the certificates.

No securitization involving commercial or multifamily
real estate loans in which Trimont was acting as a servicer has experienced a
servicer event of default as a result of any action or inaction of Trimont in
such capacity, including as a result of Trimonts failure to comply with
the applicable servicing criteria in connection with any securitization.

From time to time,
Trimont is a party to lawsuits and other legal proceedings as part of its
duties as a loan servicer (e.g., enforcement of loan obligations) and/or
arising in the ordinary course of business. Trimont does not believe that any such lawsuits or
legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be material to the
certificateholders. There are no legal proceedings pending against Trimont, or
to which any property of Trimont is subject, that are material to the
certificateholders, nor does Trimont have actual knowledge of any proceedings
of this type contemplated by governmental authorities.

A Trimont website (https://cmsview.trimont.com)
provides investors with access to investor reports for commercial
mortgage-backed securitization transactions for which Trimont is master
servicer, and also provides borrowers with access to current and historical
loan and property information for these transactions.

The following table sets forth information as of the
dates indicated about Trimonts servicing portfolio of specially serviced
commercial and multifamily loans (securitized and non-securitized):

Commercial and 

Multifamily Mortgage Loans 

As of 12/31/2022 

As of 12/31/2023 

As of 12/31/2024 

As of 12/31/2024

(pro forma) **

By Approximate Number: 

27 

53 

93 

2,506

By Approximate Aggregate
Unpaid Principal Balance (in billions): 

$0.6 

$2.1 

$3.4 

$79.9

** Represents pro forma portfolio and includes CMS
Loans (as hereinafter defined).

The properties securing the loans in Trimonts
special servicing portfolio (including CMS Loans (as hereinafter defined))
include multifamily, office, retail, hospitality, industrial and other income
producing properties. 

Within this special servicing portfolio (including CMS Loans), as of
December 31, 2024, approximately 2,321 commercial and multifamily loans with an
unpaid principal balance of approximately $77.1 billion are loans that back
commercial mortgage-backed securities or commercial real estate collateralized
debt obligation securities.

Generally, Trimonts servicing functions under
servicing agreements as special servicer do not include maintenance of
collection accounts, however Trimont does maintain certain operating accounts
with respect to REO loans in accordance with the terms of the applicable
servicing agreements and consistent with the servicing standard set forth in
each of such servicing agreements.

Trimont does not generally have any material advancing
rights or obligations with respect to the commercial real estate securitization
pools as to which it acts as special servicer. In certain instances, Trimont
may have the right or be obligated to make property related servicing advances
in emergency situations with respect to certain commercial real estate
securitization pools as to which it acts as special servicer.

Trimont has developed
strategies and procedures for managing delinquent loans, breaches by borrowers
of the underlying loan documents and loans subject to borrower bankruptcy
filings which are designed to maximize value from the assets for the benefit of
certificateholders. These strategies and procedures vary on a case by case
basis and include but are not limited to, liquidation of the underlying
collateral, note sales, discounted payoffs and borrower negotiation or workout
in accordance with the applicable servicing standard. The strategy pursued by
Trimont for any particular asset depends upon, among other things, the
condition and type of the underlying property, the borrower, and the
jurisdiction where the asset is located.

Trimont, as special servicer, may enter into one or
more arrangements with the controlling class representative, directing
certificateholder, or equivalent party or related entity, which has the right
to remove, or vote to remove the special servicer, to provide for a discount
and/or revenue sharing with respect to certain special servicer compensation.
The controlling class representative, directing certificateholder, or
equivalent party or related entity, which has the right
to remove, or vote to remove the special servicer, may further consider any
such economic arrangements with the special servicer or a prospective
replacement servicer in entering into any decision to appoint or replace the
special servicer from time to time, and such considerations would not be
required to take into account the best interests of any certificateholder.

CMS
Transaction. As of the CMS Acquisition Closing Date, Trimont purchased the
third party servicing segment (CMS) of Wells Fargo Bank,
National Associations (Wells Fargo) commercial
mortgage servicing business. The CMS Transaction did not include Wells
Fargos rights and obligations related to the servicing of loans that
Wells Fargo originated for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and FHA/Ginnie Mae, which
will continue to be serviced by Wells Fargo.

Senior
leadership of Trimont and CMS and certain Trimont and former Wells Fargo
corporate functions that supported CMS are expected to be generally integrated
within Trimont on or shortly following the CMS Acquisition Closing Date. Most
of the CMS employees along with relevant CMS systems, technologies and
operating procedures and guidelines supporting CMS were transferred to Trimont
as part of the CMS Transaction. Further, as of the CMS Acquisition
Closing Date, Wells Fargos duties, obligations, and rights as servicer,
under the related servicing agreements were transferred to Trimont, subject to
the terms and conditions of such servicing agreements. 

In order
to facilitate the transition of CMS to Trimont, Wells
Fargo and Trimont entered into a Transition Services Agreement (TSA)
pursuant to which Wells Fargo agreed to provide certain support services, or
cause such services to be provided, to Trimont for 12 months from the CMS Acquisition Closing Date (with two 3-month
extension options) (the TSA Period).

Following the CMS Acquisition Closing
Date, Trimont will initially be operating two loan servicing technology
platforms with each using a separate instance of McCracken Financial Solutions
software, Strategy CS. During
a portion or all of the TSA Period, Trimont expects to continue to service the
loans it was servicing prior to the CMS Acquisition Closing Date (Pre-Closing
Trimont Loans) using operating guidelines, procedures and the
servicing technology platform that Trimont was using prior to the CMS Acquisition
Closing Date. During a portion or all
of the TSA Period, Trimont expects to service loans
serviced under the servicing agreements transferred in connection with the CMS
Transaction and loans serviced under CMBS servicing agreements entered into by
Trimont after the CMS Acquisition Closing Date (CMS Loans)
in accordance with the CMS operating guidelines, procedures and servicing
technology platform.

The foregoing information set forth under
this heading Description of Trimont LLC has been provided
by Trimont.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc.

(Depositor) 

/s/ Jane Lam

Jane Lam, President

Date: March 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>