<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193805-25-000429.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001193805-25-000429.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404161728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193805-25-000429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quest Resource Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001442236
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				510665952
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36451
		FILM NUMBER:		25814991

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3481 PLANO PARKWAY
		CITY:			THE COLONY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-464-0004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3481 PLANO PARKWAY
		CITY:			THE COLONY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Infinity Resources Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YouChange Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100824

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BlueStar Financial Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080806
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e664363_8k-questresrouces.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000144223600014422362025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of
earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

QUEST
RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-36451 51-0665952

(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

3481 Plano Parkway, The Colony, Texas 75056

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (972)464-0004

(Former name or former address if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the follow provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value QRHC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 31, 2025, Quest Resource Management Group, LLC (Seller), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Quest Resource Holding Corporation
(the Company), entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA) by and between Seller and Lincoln Waste
Solutions, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company (Purchaser), and completed the sale to Purchaser of substantially
all of the assets used in the business of Seller, as set forth in the APA (the Transaction).

As
consideration for the Transaction, the APA provides for purchase price payable to Seller comprised of the following: (i) $5,004,164 in
cash, which was paid at the closing of the Transaction, plus (ii) additional amounts payable to Seller, not to exceed $6,500,000 in the
aggregate, based on the performance of the contracts acquired under the APA during each of (a) the twelve (12) month period ending on
the first anniversary of the closing date, (b) the twelve (12) month period ending on the second anniversary of the closing date and (c)
the twelve (12) month period ending on the third anniversary of the closing date (collectively, the Milestone Payments),
plus (iii) a one-time payment based on Purchasers ability to collect the accounts receivable, notes receivable and other monies
due to Seller for sales and deliveries of goods, performance of services and other business transactions (whether or not on the books
of Seller) related to Sellers business arising prior to the date of the APA and any claim, remedy or other right related to any
of the foregoing from each applicable third party within the first one-hundred twenty (120) days following the closing (collectively,
the Acquired AR Remittance Amount), less (iv) any offset against the Milestone Payments and Acquired AR Remittance Amount,
calculated in accordance with the terms of the APA.

In connection with the
Transaction, on March 31, 2025, the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries entered into an amendment, consent and partial release
agreement (the Monroe Amendment) to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020 (as amended and as may be
further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Monroe Credit Agreement), with
Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, as administrative agent for the lenders thereto (the Lenders) and the Lenders,
pursuant to which the Lenders consented to the Transaction, the parties provided for the application of the proceeds from the Transaction
and the Monroe Credit Agreement was amended to modify the definition of Total Senior Debt. The information contained
in Exhibit 10.2 filed herewith is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

On March 31, 2025, the
Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries entered into an amendment, consent and partial release agreement (the PNC Amendment)
to that certain Loan, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2020 (as amended and as may be further amended restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the PNC Loan Agreement), with PNC Bank, National Association,
successor to BBVA USA, as a lender, and as administrative agent, collateral agent, and issuing bank (PNC), pursuant to which
PNC consented to the Transaction, the parties provided for the application of the proceeds from the Transaction and the PNC Loan Agreement
was amended to modify the definition of Total Senior Debt. The information contained in Exhibit 10.3 filed herewith is hereby
incorporated by reference to this Item 1.01.

The foregoing summary
of the APA and the Transaction, the Monroe Amendment and the PNC Amendment does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified
in its entirety by, the full text of the APA, the Monroe Amendment and the PNC Amendment which are filed as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2
and Exhibit 10.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of
a Registration. 

Certain information with
respect to the Monroe Amendment and the PNC Amendment set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated
into this Item 2.03 by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On April 4, 2025, the
Company issued a press release relating to the signing of the APA and the closing of the Transaction. A copy of the press release is attached
to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and between Quest Resource Management Group, LLC and Lincoln Waste Solutions, LLC.

10.2 Amendment, Consent and Partial Release Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among Quest Resource Holding Corporation, Quest Resource Management Group, LLC and each of its Affiliates that are parties thereto as borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC.

10.3 Amendment, Consent and Partial Release Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among Quest Resource Holding Corporation, Quest Resource Management Group, LLC and each of its Affiliates that are parties thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, N.A.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 4, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

* The schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted. The
Company agrees to furnish a copy of the omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission on a supplemental basis
upon its request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

QUEST RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION

Dated: April 4, 2025 By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>e664363_ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
is entered into as of March 31, 2025, by and between Quest Resource Management Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Seller),
and Lincoln Waste Solutions, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company (Purchaser). Seller and Purchaser are collectively
referred to herein as the Parties, and each individually as a Party.

BACKGROUND

WHEREAS, Seller is
engaged in the business of providing or brokering of waste and recycling managed services via outsourced supply chain to tenant or landlord
billed malls (the Business); and

WHEREAS, on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller desires to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from
Seller, all of Sellers right, title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in ARTICLE 9.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

Article
1

PURCHASE AND SALE OF PURCHASED ASSETS

1.1 Purchase of the Purchased Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller shall
sell, convey, transfer, assign and deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase and acquire from Seller, all of Sellers right,
title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets, free and clear of any and all Liens.

1.2 Purchase Price. The aggregate consideration to be paid for the purchase of the Purchased Assets shall be as follows
(the Purchase Price):

(a) $5,004,164, payable at the Closing (the Closing Payment); plus

(b) the Milestone Payments, if any; plus

(c) the Acquired AR Remittance Amount, if any, less;

(d) any offset against the Milestone Payments and Acquired AR Remittance Amount effected in accordance with Section 1.6 of this Agreement.

1.3 Payment of the Purchase Price. At the Closing, Purchaser shall (a) pay Seller the Closing Payment in cash in United
States dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller in writing, and (b) assume the Assumed
Liabilities as required by this Agreement. Any portion of the Purchase Price not paid at the Closing shall be paid in accordance with
the terms of this Article 1, if and when due.

1.4 Milestone Payments.

(a) Following the Closing and as additional consideration for the purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets, Seller shall be entitled
to receive from Purchaser, and Purchaser shall pay (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 1.4), additional
amounts based on the performance of the Acquired Contracts during each of (i) the twelve (12) month period ending on the first anniversary
of the Closing Date (the First Performance Period), the twelve (12) month period ending on the second anniversary
of the Closing Date (the Second Performance Period), and the twelve (12) month period ending on the third anniversary
of the Closing Date (the Third Performance Period, together with the First Performance Period and the Second Performance
Period, the Performance Periods, and each, a Performance Period). The aggregate amount (if any)
to be paid with respect to each of the First Performance Period (the First Milestone Payment), the Second Performance
Period (the Second Milestone Payment), and the Third Performance Period (the Third Milestone Payment,
together with the First Milestone Payment and Second Milestone Payment, the Milestone Payments, and each, a Milestone
Payment) shall be determined in accordance with this Section 1.4. Each Milestone Payment (if any) shall be paid to Seller,
within 5 days after such Milestone Payment has been finally determined pursuant to this Section 1.4, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by Seller in writing.

(b) The amount of any Milestone Payment shall be calculated as set forth in this Section 1.4(b) and the payment of any Milestone
Payment shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 1.4(b).

(i) If Gross Profit during the First Performance Period is equal to or less than the Threshold, then the First Milestone Payment will
equal $0.

(ii) If Gross Profit during the First Performance Period is greater than the Threshold, then the First Milestone Payment will equal
half of the amount by which the Gross Profit during the First Performance Period exceeds the Threshold.

(i) If Gross Profit during the Second Performance Period is equal to or less than the Threshold, then the Second Milestone Payment
will equal $0.

(ii) If Gross Profit during the Second Performance Period is greater than the Threshold, then the Second Milestone Payment will equal
half of the amount by which the Gross Profit during the Second Performance Period exceeds the Threshold.

(iii) If Gross Profit during the Third Performance Period is equal to or less than the Threshold, then the Third Milestone Payment will
equal $0.

(iv) If Gross Profit during the Third Performance Period is greater than the Threshold, then the Third Milestone Payment will equal
half of the amount by which the Gross Profit during the Third Performance Period exceeds the Threshold.

- 2 -

In no event shall the aggregate
Milestone Payments made pursuant to this Section 1.4(b) exceed $6,500,000.

(c) Within sixty (60) days following the expiration of each applicable Performance Period, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller a detailed
statement (each, a Milestone Payment Statement) setting forth the calculation of Gross Profit for the applicable
Performance Period, together with an accounting of cash received with respect to each Acquired Contract for the applicable Performance
Period. Each Milestone Payment Statement shall become final and binding upon the Parties at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the thirtieth (30th)
day following the date on which such Milestone Payment Statement was delivered to Seller unless Seller delivers written notice of its
disagreement with such Milestone Payment Statement (a Notice of Dispute) to Purchaser prior to such date (which disagreements
shall be limited to good-faith, reasonably detailed assertions that the calculations therein were not made in the manner required by this
Agreement). Any Notice of Dispute shall specify in reasonable detail the nature of any disagreement so asserted or a request for additional
information, calculations or documents. If a Notice of Dispute is received by Purchaser in a timely manner pursuant to this Section
1.4(c), then such Milestone Payment Statement (as revised in accordance with this sentence) shall become final and binding upon Seller
and Purchaser on the earlier of (i) the date Seller and Purchaser resolve in writing any differences they have with respect to the matters
specified in the Notice of Dispute and (ii) the date any disputed matters are finally resolved in writing by the Accounting Firm. During
the thirty (30) day period following the delivery of a Notice of Dispute, Seller and Purchaser shall seek in good faith to resolve in
writing any differences that they may have with respect to the matters specified in the Notice of Dispute, provided, that any discussions
and negotiations related to such disagreements shall (unless otherwise agreed by Purchaser and Seller) be governed by Rule 408 of the
Federal Rules of Evidence. If at the end of such thirty (30) day period Seller and Purchaser have not resolved in writing the matters
specified in the Notice of Dispute, Seller and Purchaser shall submit to the Accounting Firm only matters that remain in dispute. Seller
and Purchaser shall instruct and use reasonable efforts to cause the Accounting Firm to render a written decision resolving the matters
submitted to the Accounting Firm within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such submission. The scope of the disputes to be resolved by
the Accounting Firm shall be limited to fixing mathematical errors and determining whether the items in dispute were determined in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, and no other matters. The Accounting Firms decision shall be (x) based solely on written submissions
by Seller and Purchaser and their respective Representatives (and it shall not permit or authorize discovery or hear testimony) and not
by independent review (it being understood that all such written submissions will also be provided to both Purchaser and Seller at the
same time they are provided to the Accounting Firm), (y) made strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (z) final and
binding on all of the Parties absent fraud or manifest error. No Party shall have any ex-parte communication with the Accounting Firm
relating to its services under or in connection with this Agreement and the Accounting Firm shall not permit or authorize discovery or
hear any testimony. The Accounting Firm may not assign a value greater than the greatest value for such item claimed by either Party or
smaller than the smallest value for such item claimed by either Party. The fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm incurred pursuant
to this Section 1.4(c) shall be borne pro rata as between Seller, on the one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, in proportion
to the final allocation made by such Accounting Firm of the disputed items weighted in relation to the claims made by Seller and Purchaser,
such that the prevailing Party pays the lesser proportion of such fees, costs and expenses.

- 3 -

(d) Following the Closing, Purchaser shall have sole discretion with regard to all matters relating to the operation of the Purchased
Assets; provided, however, that, following the Closing, Purchaser shall not, directly or indirectly, take any actions, or fail
to take any actions, in bad faith with the intent in each case to avoid or reduce any Milestone Payment hereunder. During each Milestone
Period, Purchaser shall keep adequate books and records to the extent reasonably necessary to enable Seller to fully review any Milestone
Payment Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser has no obligation to operate itself in order to achieve any Milestone Payments.
Purchaser does not make any representation or warranty (express or implied) to Seller in respect of the Milestone Payments. Nothing in
this Agreement shall create a fiduciary duty on the part of Purchaser to Seller with respect to the Milestone Payments.

(e) The right of Seller to receive any Milestone Payment (i) is solely a contractual right and is not a security for purposes of any
federal or state securities laws; (ii) will not be represented by any form of certificate or instrument; (iii) does not give Seller any
dividend rights, voting rights, liquidation rights, preemptive rights or other rights common to holders of Purchasers equity interests;
(iv) is not redeemable; and (v) may not be sold, assigned, pledged, gifted, conveyed, transferred or otherwise disposed of (a Transfer),
except for (x) pledges of a security interest in the Milestone Payment (and payment rights stemming therefrom) to any of Sellers
secured creditors and transfers of interests in the Milestone Payments (and proceeds thereof) in connection with any exercise of remedies
by Such secured creditors, and (y) assignments by operation of Law or pursuant to the Laws of descent and distribution (and any Transfer
in violation of this Section 1.4(e) shall be null and void).

1.5 Acquired AR Remittance Amount.

(a) Following the Closing and as additional consideration for the purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets, Seller shall be entitled
to receive from Purchaser, and Purchaser shall pay (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 1.5), a one-time
payment based on Purchasers ability to collect the Acquired Accounts Receivable from each applicable Third Party within the first
one-hundred twenty (120) days following the Closing (the Collection Period). The aggregate amount (if any) to be
paid with respect to the Collection Period (the Acquired AR Remittance Amount) shall be determined in accordance
with this Section 1.5.

(b) During the Collection Period, Purchaser shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to collect the Acquired Accounts Receivable
from each applicable Third Party. If, during the Collection Period, Purchaser collects any of the Acquired Accounts Receivable (such collected
amount less any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of collection is referred to herein as, the Collected Acquired
Accounts Receivable) from any applicable Third Party, the Acquired AR Remittance Amount will be an aggregate amount equal to
half of the Collected Acquired Accounts Receivable.

- 4 -

(c) Within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the Collection Period, Purchaser shall (i) deliver to Seller an accounting of
the Collected Acquired Accounts Receivable together with any other supporting materials reasonably requested by Seller, and (ii) pay,
or cause to be paid, to Seller the Acquired AR Remittance Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by Seller in writing.

(d) Following the Closing, Purchaser shall have sole and absolute discretion and control with regard to the collection of the Acquired
Accounts Receivable. Without limiting the foregoing, Purchaser shall be entitled to engage collection agencies, initiate Litigation, offer
discounts and take any other actions that Purchaser believes in its reasonable sole discretion are necessary to collect the Acquired Accounts
Receivable. Nothing in this Agreement shall create a fiduciary duty on the part of Purchaser to Seller with respect to the Acquired AR
Remittance Amount. The right of Seller to receive the Acquired AR Remittance Amount (i) is solely a contractual right and is not a security
for purposes of any federal or state securities laws; (ii) will not be represented by any form of certificate or instrument; (iii) does
not give Seller any dividend rights, voting rights, liquidation rights, preemptive rights or other rights common to holders of Purchasers
equity interests; (iv) is not redeemable; and (v) may not be Transferred, except by operation of Law or pursuant to the Laws of descent
and distribution (and any Transfer in violation of this Section 1.1(d) shall be null and void).

1.6 Post-Closing Adjustment to Purchase Price. If, within the first four (4) months following the Closing, (i) (A) Purchaser
receives any written notice from any Acquired Customer to the effect that such customer intends to stop, materially decrease the rate
of, or materially change the terms (whether related to payment, price or otherwise) with respect to, buying products and services from
the Business at any of the Acquired Sites, or (B) any Acquired Customer intends to terminate an Acquired Contract, if applicable, and
(ii) the Site-Level Gross Profit for any impacted Acquired Sites is positive, then Seller shall pay Purchaser an amount equal to (x) the
total aggregate Site-Level Gross Profit for such impacted Acquired Sites, multiplied times (y) 2.55; provided, however, in no event shall
the aggregate amount of any such payment exceed the lesser of (x) the sum of (i) the Milestone Payments (if any) payable hereunder and
(ii) the Acquired AR Remittance Amount (if any) payable hereunder or (y) five million dollars ($5,000,000). The adjustment to the Purchase
Price set forth in this Section 1.6 may be effected solely by offsetting any payment owed by Seller to Purchaser hereunder against
any Milestone Payments (if any) or Acquired AR Remittance Amount (if any) otherwise due to be paid to Seller pursuant to each of Section 1.4
and Section 1.5. Purchaser shall provide Seller with any written customer notifications that support the Purchase Price reduction
set forth herein, together with any other supporting material reasonably requested by Seller.

1.7 Right of Setoff. Purchaser shall have the right to withhold and set off against any amount otherwise due to
be paid pursuant to each of Section 1.4 and Section 1.5 any amount that is due or owing from Seller to Purchaser under
this Agreement or otherwise.

- 5 -

1.8 Allocation of Purchase Price. Within six (6) months following the Closing Date, Purchaser shall prepare and deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Seller an allocation, for Tax purposes, of the Closing Payment and any other relevant items among the
Purchased Assets in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (and any similar provision
of state or local Law) (the Allocation). The Allocation shall be deemed final unless Seller notifies Purchaser in
writing that Seller objects to one or more items reflected in the Allocation within ten (10) days after delivery of the Allocation to
Seller. In the event of any such objection, Seller and Purchaser shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute; provided,
however, that if Seller and Purchaser are unable to resolve any dispute with respect to the Allocation within thirty (30) days after
the delivery of the Allocation to Seller, such dispute shall be resolved by the Accounting Firm in accordance with the procedures of Section
1.4(c). The final Allocation shall be binding on the Parties, and the Parties shall file their Tax Returns (including IRS Form 8594)
on a basis consistent therewith, unless required to do so pursuant to a final determination within the meaning of Section
1313(a) of the Code or other applicable Law. The Parties will promptly provide each other with any other information required to complete
IRS Form 8594. Purchaser and Seller agree that the Allocations will be amended to reflect adjustments to the consideration paid for the
Purchased Assets pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the amount of any Milestone Payments and the amount of the
Acquired AR Remittance Amount.

1.9 Withholding. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Purchaser will be entitled to deduct and
withhold from any amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement any amounts required to be deducted or withheld under applicable Law. To
the extent that any such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the Person in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was made.

1.10 Adjustments for Tax Purposes. Any payments made pursuant to Sections 1.4, 1.5 or 1.6 shall be
treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price with respect to the Purchased Assets by the Parties for Tax purposes, unless otherwise
required by Law.

1.11 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Closing shall take place remotely via electronic
exchange of executed documents and other deliverables through electronic transmission in portable document format, on the last day of
the calendar month in which all of the conditions to closing have been satisfied or waived (excluding conditions that, by their terms,
cannot be satisfied until the Closing). For the purposes of this Agreement, the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred at 12:01 A.M.
local time in each applicable jurisdiction on the Closing Date.

ARTICLE
2

ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES

2.1 Assumption of the Liabilities of the Business.

(a) Purchaser shall assume the Assumed Liabilities as required by this Agreement and shall pay, perform and discharge such Assumed
Liabilities in full, in accordance with their terms.

- 6 -

(b) Seller shall pay, perform and discharge all of the Retained Liabilities in full, in accordance with their terms, regardless of
any disclosures made or exceptions noted with respect to the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Seller contained
in this Agreement, the Schedules hereto or any other document executed or delivered by Seller in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby; provided, however, that, to the extent that Seller does not pay or discharge any Retained Liability that is related to the operation
of the Business after Closing, including the payment of any amounts owing to vendors that continue to be vendors of the Business after
the Closing, then Purchaser may pay or satisfy such Retained Liability and offset the amount of such payment against any amounts that
are or become due and owing from Purchaser to Seller hereunder.

2.2 Assignment of Certain Acquired Contracts.

(a) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as an attempt to agree to assign any Acquired Contract which is non-assignable
without the consent of any other party thereto. If Purchaser shall have elected to close the transactions contemplated hereby without
obtaining all consents necessary to effect such assignment prior to the Closing, then the Closing shall occur notwithstanding the foregoing
without any adjustment to the Purchase Price on account thereof and Seller shall (i) continue to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain such consent(s), (ii) reasonably cooperate with Purchaser in any commercially reasonable arrangement designed to provide for
Purchaser the benefit (including the exercise of Sellers rights (as applicable)) under any such Purchased Asset, (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to facilitate the collection of the monies due and payable, or to become due and payable, to Seller pursuant to every
such Acquired Contract, (iv) remit such monies to Purchaser within ten (10) Business Days of collection, and (v) pay any and all fees
and costs related to obtaining any consent to assignment. Promptly after receipt of any such consent after the Closing, Seller shall assign
such Acquired Contract to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall assume, pay, perform and discharge the Assumed Liabilities related thereto.

(b) Purchaser may, at its option and sole expense, perform some or all of Sellers obligations due to be performed after the
Closing under any such Acquired Contract that is not assignable without the consent of another Party to the extent (i) Purchaser can perform
such obligations without violating the terms of such non-assigned Acquired Contract or any applicable Law, and (ii) Purchaser is being
provided the benefits of such non-assigned Acquired Contract.

ARTICLE
3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Seller hereby represents and
warrants to Purchaser on the date hereof and on the Closing Date as follows:

3.1 Organization, Standing and Foreign Qualification. Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly
existing, under the laws of the State of Delaware, with the power and authority to carry on its business and to own, lease and operate
its properties. Seller is duly qualified or licensed to transact business in each jurisdiction in which the ownership of the Purchased
Assets or the operation of the Business as currently conducted require such qualification or licensing, except where the failure to be
so qualified or licensed would not have a Material Adverse Change.

- 7 -

3.2 Authority and Binding Effect. Seller has power and authority necessary to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which Seller is a party have been duly authorized
by all requisite action of Seller, and no other company proceedings are necessary to authorize such execution, delivery or performance.
This Agreement and the Other Agreements to which Seller is a party each constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable
against Seller in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or other Law affecting the
enforceability of creditors rights generally.

3.3 Validity of Contemplated Transactions; Governmental and Other Consents.

(a) The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which Seller is a party, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not (i) violate any provision of the Organizational
Documents of Seller, (ii) violate any Law or Order applicable to Seller, (iii) except as disclosed in Schedule 3.3(a), result
in a Default under, or require the consent or approval of any party to, any Acquired Contract or License of Seller, (iv) result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien on the Purchased Assets, or (v) result in the acceleration of the maturity of any payment date of any
of Sellers obligations related to the Purchased Assets.

(b) No consent, authorization, Order or approval of, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority or Third Party is required
for or in connection with the execution and delivery by Seller of this Agreement or any of the Other Agreements to which Seller is a party,
or the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

3.4 Financial Statements. The Financial Statements (copies of which are attached hereto as Schedule 3.4)
(i) are in accordance with the books and records of Seller, which are complete and correct in all material respects, and (ii) present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Business as of the dates indicated and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the periods then ended, except for normal audit adjustments.

3.5 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Seller has no Undisclosed Liabilities relating to the Business or the Purchased
Assets, except for Liabilities incurred since December 31, 2024 in the Ordinary Course of Business, none of which are material.

3.6 Absence of Changes. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as disclosed on Schedule 3.6, since
December 31, 2024, the Business has been carried on only in the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with past practice, and there has
not been in respect of the Business or the Purchased Assets:

(i) any Material Adverse Change, and there has been no event, circumstance, or condition that (individually or in the aggregate) would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller, the Business or the Purchased Assets;

- 8 -

(ii) any change in any method of accounting or accounting practice;

(iii) any failure to pay, or any other deferral of, any Liability when it became due and payable or any prepayment or other acceleration
of any Liability;

(iv) except in the Ordinary Course of Business, either (A) any purchase, lease or other acquisition of, or entering into a lease,
license or other contractual right to use, any real or tangible or intangible personal property, or (B) any sale, lease or other
disposition of, or grant of any security or other interest in, all or any portion of any of Sellers property (real or personal,
tangible or intangible);

(v) any hiring of any employee, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(vi) grant or institution of any increase in any rate of salary or compensation or any profit sharing, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation,
insurance, pension, retirement, medical, hospital, disability, welfare or other employee benefit plan, other than in the Ordinary Course
of Business;

(vii) cancellation, material modification or grant of a material waiver under, without receiving payment or performance in full, any
material Liability owed to Seller with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets, including any accounts receivable of Seller;

(viii) made any adverse amendment to, or terminated any agreement that would otherwise be, an Acquired Contract;

(ix) any appointment of a receiver or any bankruptcy proceeding involving Seller;

(x) (a) any material Tax election or change in any Tax election, (b) any change of any annual Tax accounting period or any change of
any method of Tax accounting (except as required by Law), (c) any amended Tax Return or any claim for Tax refunds, (d) any entry into
any closing agreement relating to Taxes or (e) any settlement of any Tax claim, audit or assessment; or

(xi) any agreement or other obligation to do any of the foregoing.

3.7 Secured Indebtedness. As of the Closing, except as set forth in Schedule 3.7, Seller has no Liens securing
Indebtedness related to the Business or the Purchased Assets, other than Liens that will be satisfied or released in connection with the
Closing.

3.8 Taxes.

(a) Seller has timely filed (taking into account valid extensions) with the appropriate Governmental Authorities all Tax Returns that
were required to be filed on or before the Closing Date in accordance with applicable Laws. All such Tax Returns are true, complete, and
correct in all respects. All Taxes due and owing by the Seller (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been fully paid.

- 9 -

(b) The reserves for Taxes contained in the Financial Statements have been established in accordance with GAAP and are sufficient for
the payment of all unpaid Liabilities for Taxes of Seller for all periods ended on or before the dates of such Financial Statements. Seller
will be and remain fully responsible for the payment of all Taxes incurred by it with respect to its Business and operations prior to
the Closing. There are no Liens for any Taxes on or relating to any of the Purchased Assets; and Seller has not received any written notice
of assessment or proposed assessment in connection with any Taxes which might result in any Lien on any of the Purchased Assets

(c) Seller is not currently the beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return or pay any Tax.

(d) All deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against Seller as a result of any examinations by any taxing authority have been
fully paid.

(e)Seller has neither waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes nor agreed to a Tax assessment or deficiency. Seller (i)
is not presently under audit with respect to any fiscal year or period, (ii) has not received notice of any contemplated investigation
or audit by any taxing authority concerning any fiscal year or period ended prior to the date hereof, and (iii) does not have Knowledge
of any reasonable basis that might exist for any such investigation or audit. No Tax is required to be withheld pursuant to Section 1445
of the Code or otherwise as a result of any of the transfers contemplated by this Agreement.

(f) Seller has withheld or collected from each payment made to each of its employees the amount of all Taxes required to be withheld
or collected therefrom and Seller has paid the same to the proper Tax depositories or collecting authorities.

(g) All ad valorem property Taxes imposed on Seller or its assets for the tax period prior to the Closing have been paid in full.

(h) All Taxes that Seller has been obligated to (i) deduct, withhold from amounts owing to any employee, creditor, or other Person
as per Law have been fully and timely withheld; and (ii) collect from amounts owed to it by any other party as per Law, have been fully
and timely collected and in each case, paid to the proper Governmental Authority, and Seller is and has at all times been in compliance
with the filing and reporting requirements under Law including all IRS Form W-2, Form 1099, and any other information reporting and records
maintenance required with respect thereto under applicable Law.

(i) Seller has timely and properly collected all applicable sales, use, ad valorem, and value added Taxes, including goods and services,
harmonized sales and state provincial or territorial sales Taxes, required by applicable Tax Law to be collected by it, and has duly and
timely remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authority any such amounts required by Tax Law to be remitted by it, or has been furnished
properly completed exemption certificates and has maintained all such records and supporting documents in the manner required by all applicable
sales and use Tax statutes and regulations.

- 10 -

(j) Seller is not, and has not been, a party to, or a promoter of, a "reportable transaction" within the meaning of Section
6707A(c)(1) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b).

(k) No claim has been made by any Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction where Seller does not file Tax Returns that it is, or
may be, subject to Tax by that jurisdiction, and to the Knowledge of Seller, there is no reasonable basis on which a Governmental Authority
could reasonably be expected to make such a claim.

(l) Seller is not a party to any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or Tax indemnification agreement other than any such agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business (such as a loan or a lease), the primary purpose of which is unrelated to Taxes. Seller has not
ever been a member of any affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code, or any similar provision of state, local
or non-U.S. Law (other than an affiliated group the parent of which is Seller).

(m) None of the Purchased Assets is (i) required to be treated as being owned by another person pursuant to the so-called "safe
harbor lease" provisions of former Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, (ii) subject to Section 168(g)(1)(A)
of the Code, or (iii) subject to a disqualified leaseback or long-term agreement as defined in Section 467 of the Code.

(n) None of the Purchased Assets is tax-exempt use property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

3.9 Title to Purchased Assets; Encumbrances; Condition.

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9(a), and subject to Section 2.2, Seller has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest
in, all of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of any and all Liens, and Seller is herewith conveying to Purchaser such title or leasehold
interest.

(b) Subject to Section 2.2, each item of tangible personal property included in the Purchased Assets (whether owned or leased), is
(i) in good condition and repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted, (ii) usable in Sellers Ordinary Course of Business, and (iii)
adequate for its present uses and operation by Seller.

3.10 Insurance. All of the properties and business of Seller of an insurable nature are insured by Seller in such amounts
and against such Losses, casualties or risks as are (i) usual and customary for companies engaged in businesses similar to Sellers
Business, (ii) required by any applicable Law, or (iii) required by any Contract binding upon Seller. All of the insurance policies held
by Seller are in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and Seller is not in Default of any provision of
any such policy, including, without limitation failure to make timely payment of all premiums due thereon.

- 11 -

3.11 Compliance with Law.

(a) To Sellers Knowledge, Seller is, and has been since January 1, 2022, in compliance in all material respects with all Laws,
Licenses and Orders applicable to, required of, or binding on Seller, the Business, or the Purchased Assets. No written notice from any
Governmental Authority with respect to any failure or alleged failure of Seller, the Purchased Assets or the Business to comply with any
applicable Law, License or Order has been received by Seller, nor, to Sellers Knowledge, is any such notice threatened.

(b) There are no Licenses from any Governmental Authority currently held by Seller (or held in the name of any Affiliate of Seller
and currently being used by Seller) and necessary for the lawful conduct of the Business as now being conducted.

3.12 Litigation and Claims.

(a) There is no, and has not been since January 1, 2022 any, Litigation pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened against
Seller with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets.

(b) There are no pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened investigations or inquiries regarding Seller, the Purchased Assets
or the Business by any Governmental Authority.

3.13 Employee Benefit Plans.

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.13(a), Seller does not maintain any Employee Benefit Plans.

(b) Seller has no Liability under any Employee Benefit Plan that would (i) affect in any way Purchasers right, title and interest
in, or Purchasers right to use or enjoy (free and clear of any Lien) any of the Purchased Assets or (ii) result in the assumption
by or imposition on Purchaser or any Affiliate of Purchaser of any Liability, other than Liabilities expressly included as Assumed Liabilities.

(c) Except as required by Law, Seller has not, at any time, maintained an Employee Benefit Plan providing welfare benefits to employees
after retirement or other separation of service.

(d) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not cause Purchaser to be liable to any employee or former
employee for any sums or obligations under or pursuant to any Employee Benefit Plan or other arrangement providing for payment upon severance
or change in control or ownership of Seller or the Business.

3.14 Acquired Contracts. Seller has provided Purchaser with true, complete and correct copies of all Acquired Contracts.
All Acquired Contracts are in full force and effect, and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller and, to the Knowledge
of Seller, the other parties thereto, enforceable against such parties in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally. Neither Seller nor, to Sellers
Knowledge, any other Person is in Default in any material respect under any of the Acquired Contracts.

- 12 -

3.15 Labor Matters.

(a) Seller is in compliance in all material respects with and has not violated in any material respect the terms and provisions of
applicable Laws relating to Sellers employees and independent contractors. No unfair labor practice charge or complaint against
Seller is pending or threatened before any Governmental Authority.

(b) The employment of all employees of Seller is capable of being terminated by Seller by giving 5 weeks notice or less, subject
to applicable law. Seller is not a party to any union or collective bargaining agreement, and there are no work rules or practices agreed
to between Seller and any labor organization or employee association applicable to any employees of Seller. To Sellers Knowledge,
no attempt to organize any of the employees of Seller has been made, proposed or threatened.

3.16 Brokers and Finders. No finder or any agent, broker or other Person acting pursuant to authority of Seller is entitled
to any commission, finders fee or other payment in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the
Other Agreements. Any such commission, finders fee or other payment, in each instance, shall be paid solely by Seller.

3.17 Interested Transactions. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.17, with respect to the Business, Seller is not
a party to any Contract, loan, or other transaction with any officer, director, employee or Affiliate of Seller or any Person who is a
Related Person to any such officer, director, employee or Affiliate. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.17, none of the Persons
described in the first sentence of this Section owns, or during the last three years has owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or
legally (individually or in the aggregate), five percent or more of the equity or voting interests of any Person that competes with Seller
or its Business.

3.18 Top Customers. Schedule 3.18 sets forth a list of the top twenty (20) customers of the Business, based on
revenue generated from such customers, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. To Sellers Knowledge as of the Closing, the
relationships of Seller with each of the customers identified on Schedule 3.18 are good commercial working relationships, and,
no such customer has terminated or given written notice of termination or non-renewal, or to Sellers Knowledge, threatened to terminate
or not renew, its relationship with Seller within the last year before the Closing. As of the Closing Date, Seller has no Knowledge that
any of Sellers such customers intend to terminate or otherwise modify adversely to Seller in any material respect its relationship
with Seller or to materially decrease or limit the products or services that such customer buys from Seller, as the case may be.

3.19 Solvency. Immediately before and immediately after giving
effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement: (i) the Fair Value (as defined below) of the assets of
Seller shall be greater than the total amount of its Liabilities; (ii) Seller shall be able to pay its debts and obligations in the ordinary
course of business as they become due; and (iii) Seller shall have adequate capital to
carry on its businesses and all businesses in which it is about to engage. For the purposes of this Section 3.19, Fair Value
means the amount at which the assets (both tangible and intangible), in their entirety, of any Person would change hands between a willing
buyer and a willing seller, within a commercially reasonable period of time, having reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts, with neither
being under any compulsion to act.

- 13 -

ARTICLE
4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to Seller on the date hereof and on the Closing Date as follows:

4.1 Organization, Standing and Foreign Qualification.

(a) Purchaser is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Connecticut with the limited liability company power and authority to carry on its business and to own, lease and operate its assets.

(b) No consent, authorization, Order or approval of, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority is required for or
in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any of the Other Agreements by Purchaser or the consummation by Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

4.2 Authority and Binding Effect. Purchaser has the power and authority necessary to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Other Agreements and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the Other Agreements have been duly approved by all necessary action of Purchaser, and no action
of Purchaser is necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Other Agreements. This Agreement has been,
and the Other Agreements will be, duly executed and delivered by properly authorized officers of Purchaser and each constitutes, or will
constitute when executed and delivered, the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance
with its terms.

4.3 Validity of Contemplated Transactions, Restrictions. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Other Agreements by Purchaser, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, do not and will not (i) violate
any provision of the Organizational Documents of Purchaser, or any Law or any Order relating to Purchaser, (ii) result in a Default under
or require the consent or approval of any Party to any Contract or License to which Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in the creation
or imposition of any Lien on Purchasers assets, other than as would not reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the
performance of this Agreement by Purchaser or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby. There is no judgment, decree
or order binding on Purchaser or Litigation pending or, to Purchasers Knowledge, threatened, which would reasonably be expected
to prevent or materially delay the performance of this Agreement by Purchaser or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

- 14 -

4.4 Legal Proceedings. There are no actions, suits, claims, investigations or other legal proceedings pending or, to
Purchasers knowledge, threatened against or by Purchaser or any Affiliate of Purchaser that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin
or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.5 Sufficiency of Funds. Purchaser has sufficient cash on hand or other sources of immediately available funds
to enable it to make payment of the Purchase Price and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.6 Brokers and Finders. No finder or any agent, broker or other Person acting pursuant to authority of Purchaser is
entitled to any commission or finders fee in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

- 15 -

ARTICLE
5

COVENANTS AND ADDITIONAL

AGREEMENTS OF SELLER AND PURCHASER

5.1 Employees. In connection with the Closing, Seller will terminate all employees of the Business, and Purchaser will
offer in writing to each employee identified on Schedule 5.1 employment with Purchaser or one of its Affiliates with such offers
of employment to take effect immediately at their termination, which shall be at Closing or a mutually agreed date thereafter (but in
any event no later than May 1, 2025). The offers shall be on terms and conditions of employment substantially similar to, and, considered
overall, no less favorable to such employees than, the terms and conditions of their employment with Seller. Schedule 5.1 also
sets forth each employees name, salary or wage, commission, accrued vacation (if any) and date of hire. Seller and Purchaser understand
and agree that Purchaser shall have no obligation to enter into or continue any employment arrangements with any employee of Seller on
or after the Closing Date other than as set forth in the employment offers delivered in connection with the Closing. Seller will pay and
be solely responsible for all amounts due to its employees through the end of the day before the Closing Date, including, without limitation,
any amounts incurred for wages, bonuses, accrued vacation pay, accrued sick leave (if required to be paid by law on termination of employment)
or any severance obligations. Purchaser shall provide a full defense to, and indemnify Seller for any claims which such Persons may incur
in connection with any claim brought against or affecting any Seller under the WARN Act for any actions taken by Purchaser with regard
to any employees, including but not limited to liability under the WARN Act that arises in whole or in part as a result of any employment
loss, as that term is defined in the WARN Act, which was caused or directed by Purchaser from and after the Closing. WARN
Act shall mean the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, 29 U.S.C. 2101, et seq., and any similar
state and local applicable Laws and Regulations, as amended from time to time, and any regulations, rules and guidance issued pursuant
thereto.

5.2 Certain Tax Matters.

(a) Seller covenants that it will, on or before the due dates, file all Tax Returns required by Law to be filed by it on or after the
date of this Agreement, for or with respect to Pre-Closing Tax Periods and shall pay all Taxes due and payable for such periods.

(b)Subsequent to the Closing Date, Purchaser and Seller shall provide each other with such assistance (including the provision of
records) as may reasonably be requested by either of them in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return, the response to any audit
or other examination by any Governmental Authority, or any judicial or administrative proceedings relating to any Liability of Seller
for Taxes.

(c) All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added, and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties
and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement will be borne and paid by Purchaser when due. Seller shall, at its own expense,
timely file any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Taxes or fees (and Purchaser shall cooperate with respect thereto as
necessary).

- 16 -

5.3 Expenses. Each of the Parties will pay its own expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses), except as
may be otherwise provided herein.

5.4 Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time after the Closing, Seller shall, at the reasonable request
of Purchaser, (i) take any and all actions necessary to fulfill its obligations hereunder and to put Purchaser in actual possession and
operating control of the Purchased Assets, and (ii) execute and deliver such further instruments of conveyance, sale, transfer and assignment,
and take such other actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, record or perfect the transfer of Sellers right,
title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets to Purchaser, free and clear of all Liens, to confirm Purchasers right,
title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets, to assist Purchaser in a manner as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser
in exercising rights relating thereto, and otherwise to effectuate and consummate any of the transactions contemplated hereby. To the
extent that, after the Closing Seller receives any cash, checks with appropriate endorsements, or other payment that is properly for the
account of Purchaser according to the terms of this Agreement (including any payment with respect to the Acquired Accounts Receivable
or any invoice issued by Seller on behalf of Purchaser pursuant to Section 5.5), Seller shall as promptly as practicable, but not
less than on a weekly basis, deliver such amounts to Purchaser by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated
by Purchaser, together with an accounting of any such amounts received.

5.5 Transition Services.

(a) During the calendar month following the Closing, Seller shall (i) continue to invoice Acquired Customers on Purchasers behalf,
providing for remittance instructions at Purchasers direction, and (ii) promptly forward to Purchaser for payment any invoices
received by Seller with respect to services performed for or goods supplied to the Business after Closing. Seller shall provide such services
with reasonable care and consistent with its past practices. Purchaser agrees to reimburse Seller upon invoice therefor for any reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses that Seller incurs in connection with the performance of such services.

(b) Promptly following the termination of any services provided pursuant to Section 5.5(a), Seller shall invoice Purchaser for its
costs arising from the provision of the services, which costs for the period shall be limited to (i) the wages payable to any employees
providing the services, (ii) a reasonable allocation for the cost of the benefits of such employees, and (iii) a reasonable allocation
of the wage and benefit cost of one supervisor, which shall be pro-rated for the actual time spent supervising the services over the period.

5.6 Delivery of Books and Records. Seller covenants that it has delivered to Purchaser all original documents, books
and records pertaining to the Purchased Assets in its possession. Seller may retain copies of any of the foregoing for its own use.

- 17 -

5.7 Confidentiality. Seller agrees that, for a period of five (5) years from the Closing (and to the extent it exceeds
such five-year period: (i) as to customer or vendor information that is subject to confidentiality restrictions set forth in any Acquired
Contract, for the duration of such contractual restrictions as so set forth in such Acquired Contract, and (ii) as to any item that may
be classified as a trade secret under applicable Law, for so long as it may be so classified) Seller will not, and will not permit its
representatives and Affiliates to, use in the conduct of its or their businesses (except as contemplated by this Agreement), or disclose
to any other Person, any Confidential Information relating to the Purchased Assets or the Business; provided, however, that the
foregoing prohibitions shall not apply to (a) disclosures that are required by Law or by a Governmental Authority; (b) information that
is ascertainable or obtained from public or published information; or (c) information lawfully received from a Third Party who was not
under an obligation to keep such information confidential.

5.8 Conduct of the Business. From the date of this Agreement until the Closing (or until the earlier valid termination
of this Agreement), Seller shall (i) carry on its business in the ordinary course of business, (ii) maintain and preserve in all material
respects the relationships and goodwill of its business with its customers, suppliers, distributors, landlords and other Persons having
material business relationships with its business; (iii) not grant, create, assume or otherwise incur any Lien on any of the Purchased
Assets, and (iv) maintain the Purchased Assets in good and working order. Each of the Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to satisfy the conditions to Closing and cause the Closing to occur as promptly as practicable.

ARTICLE
6

CLOSING Conditions of purchaser

The obligations of Purchaser
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder shall be subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the
following conditions (all or any of which may be waived in whole or in part by Purchaser in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted
by Law):

6.1 Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, Seller shall make the following deliveries or took the following actions:

(a) Bill of Sale; Assignments; Etc. Seller shall deliver to Purchaser (a) a bill of sale in a form reasonably satisfactory
to Purchaser, (b) an assignment and assumption agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser (the Assignment and
Assumption Agreement), and (c) such other assignments and instruments of conveyance as were necessary or appropriate to transfer
the Purchased Assets to Purchaser, each in form, scope and substance satisfactory to Purchaser and duly executed by Seller.

(b) Secretarys Certificate. Seller shall deliver to Purchaser a certificate of the Secretary of Seller, dated
the Closing Date, certifying as to (a) Organizational Documents of Seller in effect on the Closing Date, (b) resolutions adopted by the
governing body of Seller approving this Agreement, the Other Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and (c) the incumbency of all officers of Seller who have executed this Agreement or any of the Other Agreements.

(c)Approvals. Seller shall deliver to Purchaser evidence that the notices, authorizations, consents, approvals or novations,
as applicable, with respect to the Acquired Contracts have been delivered, received or obtained, as applicable, each in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Purchaser.

- 18 -

(d) Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Seller shall deliver to Purchaser an agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A,
duly executed by Seller, containing various non-compete and non-solicit obligations of such parties (the Restrictive Covenant
Agreement).

(e) Employment Offer Letters. Seller shall cause each of the employees set forth on Schedule 6.1(e) to have delivered
to Purchaser for each such Person an employment offer letter, in each case in form, scope and substance satisfactory to Purchaser and
duly executed by such Persons who are party to such documents.

(f) Releases of Liens. Seller shall deliver evidence satisfactory to Purchaser in its reasonable discretion of the release
of any Liens on the Purchased Assets.

(g) W-9. Seller delivered to Purchaser a complete, correct, and executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9.

6.2 MAC. There shall not have been a Material Adverse Change.

6.3 No Injunction. No governmental authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced, entered any Law or issued
any Order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that remains in effect that makes the transactions contemplated hereunder illegal
or otherwise prohibits the consummation of such transactions or implicitly rejected the consummation of such transactions following the
expiration of a waiting period.

6.4 Bringdown. The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article III shall be true and correct in all
material respects (except for any representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, in all material
respects, or similar qualifiers, which shall be true and correct in all respects), and Seller shall have performed all of its covenants
required to be performed before Closing in all material respects. Purchaser shall have received a certificate from a duly authorized officer
of Seller certifying that the foregoing condition has been satisfied.

ARTICLE
7

closing conditions of seller

The obligations of Seller
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder shall be subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the
following conditions (all or any of which may be waived in whole or in part by Seller in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted
by Law):

7.1 Closing Deliveries. At Closing, Purchaser shall make the following deliveries:

(a) Payment of the Purchase Price. Purchaser shall pay the Closing Payment in the manner described in Section 1.3.

(b) Assignment and Assumption Agreement. Purchaser shall deliver to Seller the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly
executed by Purchaser.

- 19 -

(c) Secretarys Certificate. Purchaser shall deliver to Seller a certificate of the Secretary of Purchaser, dated
the Closing Date, certifying (i) the Organizational Documents of Purchaser in effect on the Closing Date, (ii) resolutions adopted by
the governing body of Purchaser approving this Agreement, the Other Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, and (iii) the incumbency of all officers of Purchaser who have executed this Agreement or any of the Other Agreements.

7.2 Bringdown. The representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Article IV shall be true and correct in all
material respects (except for any representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, in all material
respects, or similar qualifiers, which shall be true and correct in all respects), and Purchaser shall have performed all of its
covenants required to be performed before Closing in all material respects. Seller shall have received a certificate from a duly authorized
officer of Purchaser certifying that the foregoing condition has been satisfied.

ARTICLE
8

SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS

AND WARRANTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, covenants and obligations contained
in this Agreement shall survive the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however (a) the
representations and warranties of Seller and Purchaser contained in ARTICLE 3 and ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement, other than
the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.8, 3.9, 3.16, 4.1,
4.2 and 4.4, which shall survive until sixty (60) days after the applicable statute of limitations, shall survive until
fifteen (15) months after the Closing Date, and (b) each covenant and obligation contained in this Agreement shall survive until such
covenant or obligation is fully performed and discharged in accordance with its terms. Written notice of a claim for indemnification under
this Agreement must be given by the Party seeking indemnification prior to the expiration of the applicable survival period set forth
in this Section 8.1, in which case such claim shall survive the time at which it would otherwise terminate pursuant to this
Section 8.1.

8.2 Obligation of Seller to Indemnify. Subject to the limitations contained in this ARTICLE 8, Seller will indemnify,
defend and hold Purchaser and its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives, successors and permitted assigns harmless from
and against all Losses asserted against, imposed upon or incurred by any of them by reason of, resulting from, or in connection with the
following:

(a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty made by Seller pursuant to this Agreement;

(b) any breach of or failure of Seller to satisfy and fulfill any covenant or agreement made or to be performed by Seller pursuant
to this Agreement;

(c) any Retained Liabilities;

(d) Taxes attributable to a Pre-Closing Tax Period; and

(e) any Retained Assets.

- 20 -

8.3 Obligation of Purchaser to Indemnify. Subject to the limitations contained in this ARTICLE 8, Purchaser agrees
to indemnify, defend and hold Seller and its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives, successors and permitted assigns
harmless from and against all Losses which may be asserted against, imposed upon or incurred by any of them by reason of, resulting from
or in connection with the following:

(a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty made by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement;

(b) any breach of or failure of Seller to satisfy and fulfill any covenant or agreement made or to be performed by Purchaser pursuant
this Agreement; and

(c) the failure of Purchaser to perform or discharge any Assumed Liabilities in accordance with their respective terms.

8.4 Limitations.

(a) For purposes of determining the inaccuracy or breach of any representation or warranty herein or in any instrument or document
delivered hereunder and the amount of any Losses that are indemnifiable hereunder, each such representation and warranty shall be read
without regard and without giving effect to any materiality or Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect or similar qualification
contained therein (as if such standard or qualification were deleted from such representation or warranty).

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except with respect to Fraud, no Partys maximum liability under this ARTICLE
8 shall exceed the Purchase Price that is actually received by Seller (after taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Sections
1.4, 1.5, and 1.6).

8.5Notice of Loss or Asserted Liability. Promptly after (a) becoming aware of circumstances that have resulted in a
Loss for which any Person entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 8.2 or Section 8.3 (the Indemnified
Party) intends to seek indemnification under such Section, or (b) receipt by the Indemnified Party of written or oral notice
of any demand, claim or circumstance which, with or without the lapse of time, the giving of notice or both, would give rise to a claim
or the commencement (or threatened commencement) of any Litigation that may result in a Loss (an Asserted Liability),
the Indemnified Party shall give notice thereof (the Claims Notice) to any other Party or Parties obligated to provide
indemnification pursuant to Section 8.2 or Section 8.3 (the Indemnifying Party). The Claims
Notice shall contain (i) a description of the Loss or the Asserted Liability in reasonable detail, and shall indicate the amount (estimated,
if necessary) of the Loss that has been or which may be suffered by the Indemnified Party, (ii) a statement that the Indemnified Party
is entitled to indemnification under ARTICLE 8 for such Losses or Asserted Liabilities, and (iii) a demand for payment in the amount
of such Losses or Asserted Liabilities. The Claims Notice may be amended on one or more occasions with respect to the amount of the Asserted
Liability or the Loss at any time prior to final resolution of the obligation to indemnify relating to the Asserted Liability or the Loss.
If a Claims Notice is not provided promptly as required by this Section 8.5, the Indemnified Party nonetheless shall be entitled
to indemnification by the Indemnifying Party to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is not prejudiced by such late receipt of a Claims
Notice; provided, however, that in no event may a Claims Notice be delivered after the expiration of the indemnification
right claimed in such Claims Notice, as set forth in Section 8.1. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, however, if a Claims
Notice is not provided prior to compromise or payment of any Asserted Liability by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party shall
only be entitled to indemnification by the Indemnifying Party to the extent that the Indemnified Party establishes that the Indemnifying
Party has not been prejudiced by such late receipt of the Claims Notice.

- 21 -

8.6 Opportunity to Contest. If the Indemnifying Party has in writing accepted responsibility to indemnify the Indemnified
Party for an Asserted Liability, the Indemnifying Party may elect to compromise or contest and assume control of the defense of, at its
own expense and with counsel of its choice reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party, such Asserted Liability. If the Indemnifying
Party elects to compromise or contest such Asserted Liability, it shall, within 30 days of receipt of a Claims Notice (or sooner, if the
nature of the Asserted Liability so requires), notify the Indemnified Party of its intent to do so by sending a notice to the Indemnified
Party, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, in the compromise or contest of such Asserted
Liability. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to compromise or contest the Asserted Liability, fails to notify the Indemnified Party
of its election whether or not to compromise or contest as herein provided, or contests its obligation to indemnify under this Agreement,
the Indemnified Party (upon further notice to the Indemnifying Party) shall have the right to pay, compromise or contest and assume control
of the defense of such Asserted Liability on behalf of and for the account and risk of the Indemnifying Party. Anything in this Section 8.6
to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Indemnified Party shall have the right, at its own cost and for its own account, and with no
right of indemnification against the Indemnifying Party with respect thereto, to compromise or contest and assume control of the defense
of any Asserted Liability, and (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not, without the Indemnified Partys written consent (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), settle or compromise any Asserted Liability or consent to entry of any judgment in respect
of such Asserted Liability, except for settlements or compromises that involve only the payment of money, and provided that any such settlement
or compromise by the Indemnified Party shall include an unconditional term releasing the Indemnified Party from all Liability in respect
of such Asserted Liability. In any event, the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party may participate, at their own expense, in the
contest of such Asserted Liability. Seller and Purchaser shall provide reasonable cooperation with each other as to all Asserted Liabilities,
shall make available to each other as reasonably requested all information, records, and documents relating to all Asserted Liabilities
and shall preserve all such information, records, and documents until the termination of any Asserted Liability. Seller and Purchaser
also shall make available to each other, as reasonably requested, its personnel, agents, and other representatives who are responsible
for preparing or maintaining information, records, or other documents, or who may have particular knowledge with respect to any Asserted
Liability.

8.7 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments. All indemnification payments made under this Agreement shall be treated
by the parties as an adjustment to the purchase price with respect to the Purchased Assets by the Parties for Tax purposes, unless otherwise
required by Law.

- 22 -

8.8 Damages. Payments by an Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Article 8 in respect of any Loss shall be limited
to the amount that remains after deducting therefrom any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment received
or reasonably expected to be received by the Indemnified Party in respect of any such claim (in each case, net of the reasonable and documented
costs of collection). The Indemnified Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to recover under insurance policies or indemnity,
contribution or other similar agreements for any Losses prior to seeking indemnification under this Agreement; provided,
however, no Party shall be required to initiate any Litigation to recover any such amount. In no event shall any Indemnifying Party be
liable to any Indemnified Party for any punitive or special damages. Each Indemnified Party shall take, and cause its Affiliates to take,
all commercially reasonable steps to mitigate any Loss upon becoming aware of any Loss that is subject to indemnification hereunder.

8.9 Exclusive Remedy. Following the Closing, and except for the availability to Purchaser of non-monetary equitable remedies
and in cases involving the Fraud or willful misconduct of Seller or its Representatives, the remedies set forth in this ARTICLE 8
shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy against any Party and such Partys stockholders for money damages and shall be in
lieu of any other remedies for money damages that may be available to either Party under any other agreement or pursuant to any statutory
or common law with respect to any Losses of any kind or nature incurred directly or indirectly resulting from or arising out of this Agreement,
the Other Agreements, the Business, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities or the Retained Liabilities (it being understood that
nothing in this Section 8.7 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall affect the Parties rights to specific performance
or other similar non-monetary equitable remedies with respect to the covenants referred to in this Agreement to be performed after the
Closing). Seller and Purchaser each hereby waive any provision of any applicable Law to the extent that it would limit or restrict the
agreement contained in this Section 8.7.

ARTICLE
9

DEFINITIONS

The following terms (in their
singular and plural forms as appropriate) as used in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below unless the context requires
otherwise:

Accounting Firm
means a nationally recognized independent public accounting firm as mutually agreed by Purchaser and Seller in writing.

Accounts Receivable
means all accounts receivable, notes receivable and other monies due to Seller for sales and deliveries of goods, performance of services
and other business transactions (whether or not on the books of Seller) related to the Business arising prior to the date of this Agreement
and any claim, remedy or other right related to any of the foregoing.

Acquired Sites
means the sites set forth on Schedule 9.1.

- 23 -

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, (i) any other Person who directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, (ii) who beneficially owns or holds five percent or more of any class of
voting securities of such Person, (iii) any other Person who is a member of the board of directors or other analogous governing body of
such Person or any Person who is a Related Person of such Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by Contract or otherwise.

Agreement
means this Asset Purchase Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules delivered pursuant hereto or referred to herein.

Allocation
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.8 of this Agreement.

Assumed Liabilities
means only the following Liabilities of Seller relating to the Purchased Assets (other than Retained Liabilities) as set forth on Schedule
1.1: (i) Liabilities to be paid or performed for or with respect to periods from and after the Closing Date under or pursuant to the
Acquired Contracts (other than any Liabilities resulting from or arising out of any Default by Seller under or with respect to any of
the Acquired Contracts); (ii) Liabilities relating exclusively to the Purchased Assets that arise with respect to events occurring after
the Closing, and (iii) all Liabilities for Taxes with respect to the Purchased Assets for any Post-Closing Tax Period; provided,
however, for the avoidance of doubt, Liabilities arising from or related to Retained Assets shall not be Assumed Liabilities and
shall be Retained Liabilities.

Books and Records
means the books, ledgers, files, reports, plans, lists, records, manuals and other materials (in any form or medium), and correspondence,
customer or client complaints and inquiries, maintenance files, price lists, distribution lists, and sales order files, in each case,
of, or maintained by, Seller that are related to the Purchased Assets, but excluding any such items to the extent (i) they are included
in or exclusively related to any Retained Assets or Retained Liabilities or (ii) any Law prohibits their transfer.

Business
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or holiday or any other day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized to be closed.

Closing
means the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Closing Date
means the date hereof.

Closing Payment
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2(a) of this Agreement.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

- 24 -

Confidential Information
shall mean, with respect to any Person, information (in any form or media and whether or not constituting a trade secret under applicable
Law) regarding such Person or such Persons business, which has a value to such Person and which is generally treated by such Person
as confidential or proprietary, including information regarding such Persons intellectual property (including trademarks, copyrights,
software (including source code and object code), patents and designs), know-how, methods of operation, finances, management, processes,
programs, databases, techniques, products, research, pricing, billing procedures, customers, prospective customers, vendors and suppliers,
provided, however, that Confidential Information shall not include any information which has been voluntarily disclosed
to the public by such Person or which otherwise enters the public domain through lawful means and not from a Person who was under a duty
of non-disclosure.

Contract
means any written or oral contract, agreement, understanding, lease, license, commitment, arrangement, obligation, undertaking of any
kind or character or other document that is binding on any Person or its assets.

Default
means (i) a breach of, default under or misrepresentation in or with respect to, any Contract or License, or (ii) the occurrence of an
event that with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute such a breach or default.

Employee Benefit
Plans means any employee benefit plan or any other pension, retirement, profit-sharing, compensation, stock option, share purchase,
phantom stock, employee stock ownership, severance or other termination pay, vacation, bonus, incentive, medical, disability, vision,
dental, insurance, cafeteria, flexible spending account plan, or other employee or fringe benefit plan, or any other written or unwritten
trust fund, program, arrangement, agreement or understanding, whether arrived at through collective bargaining or otherwise, that Seller
has at any time participated in, adopted, maintained, sponsored in whole or in part, to which Seller is or has been required to contribute
or as to which Seller has any Liability, whether accrued, contingent, or otherwise for the benefit of current or former employees, directors,
officers, leased employees, independent contractors or agents, or their current or former spouses, dependents, or other beneficiaries.

Financial Statements
means the financial statements of the Business set forth on Schedule 3.4.

Fraud
means Delaware common law fraud as interpreted by the federal and state courts of the State of Delaware.

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Governmental Authority
means any federal, state, county, local, foreign or other governmental or public agency, instrumentality, commission, authority, board
or body.

Gross Profit
means, with respect to any Performance Period, an amount equal to the cash collected by Purchaser from each of the Acquired Customers
during the Performance Period, calculated based on Purchasers internal reports but subject to Sellers audit of Purchasers
bank account for revenue only upon reasonable notice.

Indebtedness
means with respect to any Person all obligations which should be classified on a balance sheet of such Person as Liabilities, and in any
event shall include (a) all indebtedness of such Person for (i) borrowed money or (ii) the deferred purchase price of property, (b) all
obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, guarantees, reimbursement agreements, or other similar instruments,
(c) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired
by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be recorded as capital leases,
and (e) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities. For the
avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness shall not include trade payables incurred in Sellers Ordinary Course of Business.

- 25 -

Knowledge,
with respect to Seller, means the actual knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, of Brett Johnston and David Sweitzer and, with respect to
any other Person, means such information actually known by such Person, after reasonable inquiry.

Law means
any code, law, Order, common law, case law, ordinance, regulation, rule, or statute of any Governmental Authority.

Liability
means any liability, indebtedness, obligation, penalty, expense (including, without limitation, costs of investigation, collection and
defense), claim, deficiency, guaranty or endorsement of or by any Person (other than endorsements of notes, bills and checks presented
to banks for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business) of any type, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, liquidated,
unliquidated, matured or unmatured.

License
means any license, franchise, notice, permit, easement, right, certificate, authorization, approval or filing that is binding on any Person
or its assets.

Lien
means any mortgage, lien, security interest, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, restriction, reservation, encroachment, easement, conditional
sale agreement, title retention or other security arrangement, defect of title, adverse right or interest or charge of, on, or with respect
to any property or property interest.

Litigation
means any lawsuit, action, claim, arbitration or other legal proceeding (including governmental investigations or criminal prosecutions)
and written notices threatening any of the foregoing proceedings.

Loss
means any loss, Liability, obligation, payment, assessment, damage, cost, Taxes, expense, lost profits (including without limitation,
(i) without duplicating the recovery in (ii) or (iii), interest, penalties, fines, and reasonable, out-of-pocket attorneys fees
and expenses, (ii) without duplicating the recovery in (i) or (iii), reasonable, out-of-pocket attorneys fees and expenses necessary
to enforce rights to indemnification hereunder, and (iii) without duplicating the recovery in (i) or (ii), reasonable out-of-pocket consultants
fees and other reasonable out-of-pocket costs of defense or investigation), in each case whether accrued, absolute, contingent, known
or unknown, as of the Closing Date or thereafter.

Material Adverse
Change or Material Adverse Effect means any change or effect that, when taken individually or together
with all other adverse changes or effects (whether or not constituting a breach of a representation, warranty, or covenant set forth in
this Agreement), is or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Business, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise), profitability, or operations of Seller, taken as a whole.

Order
means any decree, injunction, judgment, order, ruling, writ, quasi-judicial decision or award or administrative decision or award of any
federal, state, local, foreign or other court, arbitrator, mediator, tribunal, administrative agency or Governmental Authority to which
any Person is a Party or that is or may be binding on any Person or its securities, assets or business.

- 26 -

Ordinary Course
of Business means, with respect to a Person, actions similar in nature, magnitude and frequency to actions normally taken by
such Person in the day-to-day operations of its business during its most recent fiscal year, and thus, among other things, excludes actions
that require the approval of the governing body.

Organizational Documents
means, with respect to any Person who is not a natural Person, the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of formation,
bylaws, constitution, operating agreement, deed of trust, partnership agreement, or other charter documents or organizational or governing
documents or instruments of such Person.

Other Agreements
means the agreements, documents, assignments and instruments to be executed and delivered by Seller or Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Party
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Person
means a natural person or any legal, commercial or governmental entity, such as, but not limited to, a corporation, general partnership,
joint venture, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust, business association or any person acting in a representative capacity.

Post-Closing Tax
Period means any taxable period beginning after the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before and
ending after the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period beginning after the Closing Date.

Pre-Closing Tax
Period means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before
and ending after the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period ending on and including the Closing Date.

Purchase Price
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2 of this Agreement.

Purchased Assets
means, in each case, other than the Retained Assets, all of Sellers rights and title to, and interest in, the following properties,
rights and assets, whether owned, leased, used or held for use in the Business:

(i)The customer accounts for the sites set forth on Schedule 9.1 (collectively the Acquired Customers),
together with any customer lists, purchasing histories, contact information and other information that Seller maintains with respect to
each Acquired Customer;

(ii) each Contract that is related to the Business, including (A) any lease to which any Acquired Equipment is subject, including the
leases set forth on Schedule 9.2, (B) any open purchase order with an Acquired Customer, and (C) the customer and vendor Contracts
set forth on Schedule 9.2 (collectively, the Acquired Contracts, each an Acquired Contract);

- 27 -

(iii) the Accounts Receivable set forth on Schedule 9.3 (collectively, the Acquired Accounts Receivable);

(iv) the equipment set forth on Schedule 9.4 (collectively, the Acquired Equipment);

(v) all claims, causes of action, rights of recovery, rights of recoupment, prepaid expenses, credits, advance payments, security,
refunds, deposits, charges, sums, fees and rights of set-off of any kind of Seller related to the Purchased Assets (including any such
item relating to the payment of Taxes), but excluding any claims, causes of action, rights of recovery, rights of recoupment and rights
of set-off related solely to any one or more (A) Retained Assets or (B) Retained Liabilities;

(vi) originals, or, where originals are not available, copies, of all Books and Records related to the Purchased Assets; and

(vii) the goodwill of the Business related to the Purchased Assets.

Purchaser
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Related Person
means, with regard to any natural Person, his spouse, parent, sibling, child, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, in-law, grandparent and grandchild
(including by adoption) and any trustees or other fiduciaries for the benefit of such relatives.

Representatives
with respect to any Person means the members, shareholders, directors, managers, officers, principals, employees, agents, advisors and
other representatives of such Person.

Retained Assets
means all assets of Seller other than the Purchased Assets.

Retained Liability
means any Liability of Seller which is not an Assumed Liability. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Retained Liability
includes: (i) any Liability for any Taxes of Seller (or any member of Affiliate of Seller) or relating to the Business, the Purchased
Assets or the Assumed Liabilities for any Pre-Closing Tax Period; (ii) any Indebtedness of Seller; (iii) any Contract of Seller not validly
assigned to Purchaser (until valid assignment thereof); (iv) any Liability incurred by Seller as a result of any Default by Seller under
this Agreement or any of the Other Agreements; (v) any Liability of Seller for any employee compensation for any period prior to the Closing
or for any severance payments or other severance obligations relating to any Person employed by Seller, as a result of such employment
by Seller, regardless of whether such employee is concurrently herewith or is hereafter employed by Purchaser; (vi) any Liability of Seller
pursuant to any Employee Benefit Plan of Seller; (vii) any Liability of Seller to pay any sum due to any current or former shareholder
or Affiliate of Seller, including bonuses or other compensation on account of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (viii)
Taxes that arise out of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or that are the responsibility of Seller pursuant to
Section 5.2(c); (ix) other Taxes of Seller (or any member or Affiliate of Seller) of any kind or description (including any Liability
for Taxes of Seller (or any member or Affiliate of Seller) that becomes a Liability of Purchaser under any common law doctrine of de facto
merger or transferee or successor liability or otherwise by operation of contract or Law) and (ix) any Liability of Seller with respect
to any of the Retained Assets.

- 28 -

Schedule
means a disclosure schedule to this Agreement.

Seller
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Site-Level Gross
Profit means the amount of gross profit attributable to each Acquired Site, which amount is set forth for each such customer
account on Schedule 9.1.

Subsidiary
means any Person of which at least a majority of the securities or interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect
a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such Person which is at the time directly
or indirectly owned or controlled by another Person, or by any one or more Subsidiaries of such other Person, or by such other Person
and one or more of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

Tax or
Taxes means (a) any U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. and other income (net and gross), gross receipts, capital,
franchise, profits, windfall profit, withholding, collection, equalization levy, minimum alternate tax, buy-back tax, employment, payroll,
social security, severance unemployment, disability, property (real or personal), ad valorem, stamp, excise, occupation, sales, use, production,
license, lease, service, service use, goods and services, business and occupation, transfer, value added, custom duties, escheat and unclaimed
property, alternative or add on minimum, stamp, customs, inventory and merchandise, business privilege, federal highway use, commercial
rent or environmental tax, estimated, or other taxes, fees, assessments, charges surcharges, penalties, or fines or charges of any kind
whatsoever, whether disputed or not; (b) any interest, penalty, fine, or addition imposed by any Governmental Authority in connection
with any item described in clause (a); and (c) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in (a) as a result of
the operation of law, by reason of contract, assumption, transferee or successor liability, any express or implied obligation to indemnify
any other Person, Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any similar provision of Law or any predecessor or successor thereof) or
otherwise.

Tax Return
means any return, declaration, report, list, claim for refund, computation, form, information return or statement or other document required
to be filed with a Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes, including any schedule thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

Third Party
or Third Parties means any Person that is not Purchaser or Seller, or an Affiliate of Purchaser or Seller.

Threshold
means, with respect to any given Performance Period, $1,960,000.

Undisclosed Liability
means any Liability of Seller that is not reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements or disclosed herein or in a Schedule
to this Agreement.

- 29 -

ARTICLE
10

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Notices.

(a) All notices, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) when sent
by e-mail of a .pdf attachment (with confirmation of receipt by non-automated reply e-mail from the recipient) (provided, that
any notice received by e-mail transmission or otherwise at the addressees location on any Business Day after 5:00 p.m. (local
time) shall be deemed to have been received at 9:00 a.m. (local time) on the next Business Day) or (ii) when sent by an internationally
recognized overnight carrier (providing proof of delivery) or when delivered in person by a courier with receipt, addressed to the respective
parties at the following addresses (or such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to Seller: Quest Resource Management Group, LLC

3481 Plano Parkway

The Colony, Texas 75056

Attention: Sam Sa

Email: sam.sa@questrmg.com

with copies to: Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Kenneth Schlesinger; Claudia Dubn

Email: kschlesinger@olshanlaw.com; cdubon@olshanlaw.com

If to Purchaser: Lincoln Waste Solutions, LLC

21 Griffin Road, Suite 102

Windsor, Connecticut 06059

Attention: John Ayvas

Email: john.ayvas@lincolnwaste.com

with copies to: Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP

227 West Monroe Street, Suite 6000

Chicago, IL 60606

Attention: Lance Phillips

Email: lancephillips@eversheds-sutherland.com

(b)Any Parties may change its address specified for notices herein by designating a new address by notice given in accordance with
this Section 10.1.

10.2Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Other Agreements constitute the entire agreement between the Parties relating
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous, oral or written, and all contemporaneous oral negotiations,
discussions, communications, promises, writings and agreements relating to the subject matter hereof and of the Other Agreements.

- 30 -

10.3 Modifications, Amendments and Waivers.

(c) No amendment, supplement, or modification to this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by each Partys
authorized representative.

(d) No term or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed waived and no breach excused, unless the waiver or excuse of breach is in
writing and signed by the Party from whom such waiver or excuse was required. The failure or delay of any Party at any time or times to
require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not, in any way, affect such Partys right to enforce that provision.
No single or partial waiver by any Party of any condition of this Agreement, or any breach of any term, agreement or covenant or the inaccuracy
of any representation or warranty of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances shall be construed
or deemed to be a further or continuing waiver of any such condition, breach or inaccuracy or a waiver of any other condition, breach
or inaccuracy.

10.4 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, but no assignment shall relieve any Party of the obligations hereunder. This
Agreement cannot be assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Parties, except that Seller and Purchaser may
assign this Agreement and its rights hereunder (including all rights to all components of the Purchase Price) to any of their respective
lenders as collateral security.

10.5 Table of Contents; Captions; References. The table of contents and the captions and other headings used in this Agreement
have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not, in any way, be construed as defining, limiting, or describing the
scope or intent of this Agreement or sections to which they relate; and they shall not affect the interpretation or meaning of this Agreement.
All references in this Agreement to Section or Article shall be deemed to be references to a Section or Article
of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, including and any other words or phrases of inclusion shall not be construed
as terms of limitation, so that references to included matters shall be regarded as non-exclusive, non-characterizing illustrations.

10.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive Laws of the
State of Delaware, without regard to Delawares choice of laws rules.

- 31 -

10.7 Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, FOR ITSELF AND
IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ACTION. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT VENUE WOULD BE PROPER IN SUCH COURT, AND HEREBY
WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT SUCH COURT IS AN IMPROPER OR INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE RESOLUTION OF SUCH ACTION. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE
THAT THE MAILING BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, OF ANY PROCESS REQUIRED BY ANY SUCH COURT SHALL CONSTITUTE
VALID AND LAWFUL SERVICE OF PROCESS AGAINST THEM, WITHOUT NECESSITY FOR SERVICE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PROVIDED BY STATUTE OR RULE OF COURT.
THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF THE TRANSACTIONS, REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY INITIATES SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

10.8 Pronouns. All pronouns used herein shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter gender as the context
requires.

10.9 Severability. Should any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be determined to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be deemed to be severed herefrom, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining
provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

10.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original
instrument, but all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become binding when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties and delivered to each of Seller and Purchaser. The delivery of a .pdf or other electronic counterpart
signature page shall be deemed to be an original.

- 32 -

10.11 Interpretations. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against
Purchaser or Seller, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. No Party to this Agreement shall be considered the draftsman.
On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed, negotiated and accepted by all Parties and their attorneys and shall be construed and
interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as fairly to accomplish the purposes and intentions of all Parties.

10.12No Intention to Benefit Third Parties. Except as set forth in ARTICLE 8, this Agreement is not intended to,
and shall not, (i) benefit any Person other than the Parties who are signatories hereto or (ii) create any third Party beneficiary right
in any Person.

10.13 Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other party on or after May 1, 2025
in the event that the Closing has not occurred on or prior to such date. In the event of termination of this Agreement, this Agreement
shall forthwith become null and void and there shall be no liability on the part of any party except that nothing herein shall relieve
Seller or Purchaser from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement occurring prior to such termination, in which case the other
non-breaching party shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or equity.

[Signatures Follow]

- 33 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.

SELLER:

QUEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: CFO

PURCHASER:

LINCOLN WASTE SOLUTIONS, LLC

By: /s/ John Ayvas

Name: John Ayvas

Title: Chief Executive Officer

- 34 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>e664363_ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
AMENDMENT, CONSENT AND PARTIAL RELEASE AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT, CONSENT AND
PARTIAL RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Consent) is dated as of March 31, 2025 and is entered into by and among QUEST
RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation (Holdings), QUEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Company), each of the Affiliates of the Company that are parties hereto as
borrowers (together with the Company, the Borrowers); the Lenders party hereto and MONROE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
ADVISORS, LLC, its successors and permitted assigns, as Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders (Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Borrowers, Holdings,
Agent, and the Lenders party thereto are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement; capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein have the definitions provided therefor in the Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have
informed Agent that the Company desires to sell and assign to Lincoln Waste Solutions, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company (Purchaser),
all of the Companys right, title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets (as defined in the hereinafter defined Sale
Agreement) pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, by and among the Company and Purchaser
(the Sale Agreement; and together with all other material agreements, documents and certificates delivered
in connection therewith, collectively the Sale Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Asset
Sale);

WHEREAS, absent the consent
of Agent and the Required Lenders, the Asset Sale would not be permitted under the Credit Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have
requested that Agent and the Lenders consent to the consummation of the Asset Sale in accordance with the Sale Agreement, and Agent and
the Lenders have agreed to do so on and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual conditions and agreements set forth in the Credit Agreement and this Consent, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.Amendment to Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below,
and in reliance on the representations and warranties contained in Section 5 below, effective as of the date hereof, Section 1.1
of the Credit Agreement is amended by amending and restating the definition of Total Senior Debt as follows:

Total Senior Debt means
all (a) Debt of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (excluding (u) contingent
obligations in respect of Contingent Liabilities (except to the extent constituting (1) Contingent Liabilities in respect of Debt of a
Person other than any Loan Party, or (2) Contingent Liabilities in respect of undrawn letters of credit), (v) Debt of any Borrower
to any other Loan Party and Debt of any Subsidiary to any Borrower or to any other Subsidiary, (w) any Debt that is unsecured or contractually
subordinated to the Obligations in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (x) obligations with respect
to earn-out payments for Permitted Acquisitions until due and payable, and (y) obligations for any leased real property to the extent
unsecured and not constituting debt for borrowed money) minus (b) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of Holdings
and its Subsidiaries in deposit accounts subject to Control Agreements in favor of the ABL Agent and the Administrative Agent in an aggregate
amount not to exceed $1,000,000 (or such greater amount as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing in its sole discretion) (but
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the cash proceeds of any Delayed Draw Term Loans or any Incremental Facilities) as of any applicable
date of determination, minus (c) solely for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenant set forth in
Section 11.12.2 for the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2025, up to $1,500,000 of the cash proceeds actually used to prepay outstanding
Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement) pursuant to that certain Amendment, Consent and Partial Release Agreement,
dated March 31, 2025, among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties; provided, that for all purposes
of calculating the Senior Net Leverage Ratio under the Loan Documents (other than any calculation of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Leverage
Condition solely to the extent the Borrowers are in compliance with the financial
covenant set forth in Section 11.12.2 as of the last day of the most recently ended twelve fiscal month period for which financial
statements have been delivered on a pro forma basis and after giving full effect to the Revolver Averaging Mechanic (as defined below)),
the amount of outstanding revolving loans under the ABL Loan Agreement for purposes of clause (a) above shall be calculated by taking
the average of such outstanding revolving loans at the end of each business day for the trailing ninety (90) day period (or, if prior
to the date that is ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, the period from the Closing Date to the date the Senior Net Leverage
Ratio is being tested) (the averaging of such outstanding revolving loans, the Revolver Averaging Mechanic).

2.Consent. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below, and in reliance on the
representations and warranties contained in Section 5 below, Agent and the Lenders consent to the consummation of the Asset Sale
in accordance with the terms of the Sale Agreement and applicable law so long as, promptly following receipt by the Borrowers or any of
their Affiliates of any payments, proceeds and other amounts (including, without limitation, payment of the Closing Payment, any Milestone
Payments and any Acquired AR Remittance Amount, each as defined in the Sale Agreement) in connection with the Asset Sale (collectively,
the Asset Sale Proceeds), the Borrowers apply such Asset Sale Proceeds to prepay the Obligations and the ABL
Obligations as follows:

-2-

(a)The
initial $5,052,009 Closing Payment (as defined in the Sale Agreement) payable to the Company upon closing of the Asset Sale shall be
applied as follows:

(i)50% of the Closing Payment shall be applied to the ABL Obligations, with the first $1,010,880 of such Asset Sale Proceeds to be
used to prepay the Term Loan (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement), and the remainder of such Asset Sale Proceeds to be used to prepay
outstanding Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement) without a permanent reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments
(as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement); and

(ii)50%
of the Closing Payment shall be applied to the Obligations, to prepay the Initial Term Loans of each Lender on a pro rata basis.

(b) The Acquired AR Remittance Amount payable to the Company after the closing of the Asset Sale shall be applied to the ABL Obligations,
to be used to prepay outstanding Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement), with the ABL Agent permanently reducing
the Eligible Unbilled Accounts (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement) sublimit within the Borrowing Base (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement)
in an amount equal to all Acquired AR Remittance Amount collections, but without any other modification or permanent reduction of the
Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement).

(c)All Milestone Payments and any other Asset Sale Proceeds (to the extent not otherwise specified in the foregoing clauses (a)
and (b)) payable to the Company after the closing of the Asset Sale shall be applied as follows:

(i)50% of any such Asset Sale Proceeds shall be applied to the ABL Obligations, to be used to prepay outstanding Revolving Credit
Loans (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement), with the ABL Agent permanently reducing the Eligible Unbilled Accounts (as defined in the
ABL Loan Agreement) sublimit within the Borrowing Base (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement) in an amount equal to all such Milestone
Payments (and other Asset Sale Proceeds) so applied to the ABL Obligations, but without any other modification or permanent reduction
of the Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement); and

(ii)50% of any such Asset Sale Proceeds shall be applied to the Obligations, to prepay the Initial Term Loans of each Lender on a pro
rata basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, Agent and each Lender agrees that no Applicable Premium will be payable in connection
with the prepayment of the Initial Term Loans in accordance with this Section 2.

This consent is a limited consent
and shall not be deemed to constitute a course of dealing or a waiver or consent with respect to any other current or future departure
from the requirements of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Documents.

-3-

3.Lien
Release. Agent and Lenders hereby agree and confirm that, upon the consummation of the Asset Sale in accordance with the terms
of this Consent: (a) the Liens and security interests of Agent in the Purchased Assets (as defined in the Sale Agreement) shall automatically
be released and terminated and (b) Agent shall deliver to the Company (or Purchaser at the written direction of the Company) at the sole
cost and expense of the Loan Parties (and the Loan Parties shall reimburse Agent, on demand, for such costs and expenses incurred by
Agent in connection with any such delivery) any termination statements or releases pertaining to any Liens and security interests of
Agent or the Lenders in the Purchased Assets (as defined in the Sale Agreement), as the Company or Purchaser, as applicable, may reasonably
request, in connection with Agent's above-described release and termination of its security interests and Liens in the Purchased Assets
(as defined in the Sale Agreement); provided, that notwithstanding such limited release, all Loan Parties will continue to be
obligated in respect of all Obligations to Agent and Lenders under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such Obligations
shall continue to be secured by the Collateral.

4.Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Consent is subject to the prior or concurrent consummation
of each of the following conditions:

(a)Agent shall have received a fully executed copy of this Consent executed by each Loan Party and each Lender,
together with such other documents, agreements and instruments as Agent may reasonably require or reasonably request;

(b)the Asset Sale shall have been consummated (or substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Consent will be consummated)
in accordance with the terms of the Sale Documents in all material respects (without any modification thereto or waiver thereunder that
is adverse to the interests of Agent and/or the Lenders unless consented to by Agent in writing);

(c)the Loan Parties shall have paid all fees, costs and expenses due and payable as of the date hereof under the Credit Agreement
and the other Loan Documents;

(d)all proceedings taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Consent, the Sale Documents and all documents, instruments
and other legal matters incident thereto shall be reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its legal counsel; and

(e)no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall be caused by the transactions contemplated by this
Consent, the Sale Documents and each of the transactions contemplated thereby.

To the extent any of the conditions precedent
set forth above in this Section 4 is required to be satisfied in a manner acceptable or satisfactory to Agent or any Lender, the
delivery by Agent and each such Lender party hereto of its executed signature page to this Consent shall be deemed to constitute Agent's
or such Lender's confirmation, as applicable, that such condition precedent has been satisfied in a manner acceptable or satisfactory
to Agent or such Lender.

5.Representations and Warranties. To induce Agent and Lenders to enter into this Consent, each Loan Party represents
and warrants to Agent and Lenders:

(a)that the Sale Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite limited liability company or corporate action on the part of
such Loan Party, as applicable, and that this Consent has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party, as applicable;

-4-

(b)as of the date hereof, (i) the Asset Sale has been consummated (or is being consummated substantially contemporaneously with the
effectiveness of this Consent) in compliance with all applicable laws and pursuant to the provisions of the Sale Documents in all material
respects, true, correct and complete copies of which have been delivered to Agent;

(c)this Consent constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, as applicable, and is enforceable against
such Loan Party, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability
of creditors' rights generally and to general principles of equity;

(d)that each of the representations and warranties of such Loan Party set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all
material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier contained therein) as of the date hereof (except to the extent stated
to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct as of such earlier date);
and

(e)no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to the transactions contemplated
by this Consent, the Sale Documents and each of the transactions contemplated thereby.

6.Release. In consideration of the agreements of Agent and Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and each of its respective
successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever
discharges Agent and the Lenders and each of their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents,
consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person) of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations,
proceedings or demands (including any so-called lender liability claims or defenses), whether based in contract, tort, implied
or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such
Loan Party ever had or now has against Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts
or omissions of Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior
to the date hereof.

7.Severability. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability in any jurisdiction of any provision under this Consent
shall not affect or impair the remaining provisions in this Consent.

8.References. This Consent is a Loan Document. Any reference to the Credit Agreement contained in any document, instrument
or Loan Document executed in connection with the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified
by this Consent.

9.Counterparts. This Consent may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original,
but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument. Receipt by telecopy or electronic mail of any executed signature
page to this Consent shall constitute effective deliver of such signature page.

-5-

10.Ratification. The terms and provisions set forth in this Consent shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms
and provisions of the Credit Agreement. Except as expressly modified and superseded by this Consent, the terms and provisions of the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.

11.Governing Law. This Consent shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State
of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state, without regard to conflict-of-laws principles.

[Signature Pages Follow]

-6-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Consent to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written
above.

quest resource holding corporation, as Holdings

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

QUEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC, as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

quest sustainability services, inc.,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

QUEST EQUIPMENT, llc, as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

youchange, inc.,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

quest vertigent corporation,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement]

quest vertigent one, llc,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Global Alerts, LLC,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Johnston

Name: Brett Johnston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement]

AGENT:

MONROE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ADVISORS, LLC, as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

LENDERS:

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, in its capacity as a Lender

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

MONROE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND A FINANCING SPV LLC, in its capacity as Lender

By: MONROE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND A LP, as its Designated Manager

By: MONROE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND A LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

MONROE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND A FINANCING SPV II LLC, in its capacity as Lender

By: MONROE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND A LP, as its Designated Manager

By: MONROE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ADVISORS LLC, its investment manager

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement]

MONROE CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND I LP, in its capacity as Lender

By: MONROE CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND I LLC, as its general partner

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

MONROE CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT VERSAILLES MASTER FUND SCSP COMPARTMENT 1, in its capacity as Lender

By: MONROE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ADVISORS LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

Monroe Capital Private Credit Versailles Master Fund SCSp Compartment 2, in its capacity as Lender

By: MONROE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ADVISORS LLC, as Investment Manager

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

Monroe CAPITAL PRIvate credit Fund VT LP, in its capacity as Lender

By: MONROE CAPTIAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND VT LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Andrs Bauelos

Name: Andrs Bauelos

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>e664363_ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
AMENDMENT, CONSENT AND PARTIAL RELEASE AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT, CONSENT AND
PARTIAL RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Consent) is dated as of March 31, 2025 and is entered into by and among QUEST
RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation (Holdings), QUEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Company), each of the Affiliates of the Company that are parties hereto as
borrowers (together with the Company, the Borrowers), each of the Affiliates of the Company that are parties
hereto as guarantors (collectively, the Guarantors and collectively with the Borrowers, the Loan
Parties and each a Loan Party); the Lenders party hereto and PNC BANK, N.A., its successors
and permitted assigns, as Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties, Agent,
and the Lenders party thereto are parties to that certain Loan, Security, and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2020 (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement; capitalized terms not
otherwise defined herein have the definitions provided therefor in the Loan Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have
informed the Administrative Agent that the Company desires to sell and assign to Lincoln Waste Solutions, LLC, a Connecticut limited liability
company (Purchaser), all of the Companys right, title and interest in, to and under the Purchased Assets
(as defined in the hereinafter defined Sale Agreement) pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof,
by and among the Company and Purchaser (the Sale Agreement; and together with all other material agreements,
documents and certificates delivered in connection therewith, collectively the Sale Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby, the Asset Sale);

WHEREAS, absent the consent
of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders, the Asset Sale would not be permitted under the Loan Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have
requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders consent to the consummation of the Asset Sale in accordance with the Sale Agreement,
and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to do so on and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual conditions and agreements set forth in the Loan Agreement and this Consent, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.Amendment to Loan Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below, and
in reliance on the representations and warranties contained in Section 5 below, effective as of the date hereof, Section 1.1 of
the Loan Agreement is amended by amending and restating the definition of Total Senior Debt as follows:

Total Senior Debt means
all (a) Debt of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (excluding (u) contingent
obligations in respect of Contingent Liabilities (except to the extent constituting (1) Contingent Liabilities in respect of Debt of a
Person other than any Loan Party, or (2) Contingent Liabilities in respect of undrawn letters of credit), (v) Debt of any Borrower
to any other Loan Party and Debt of any Subsidiary to any Borrower or to any other Subsidiary, (w) any Debt that is unsecured or contractually
subordinated to the Obligations in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (x) obligations with respect
to earn-out payments for Permitted Acquisitions until due and payable, and (y) obligations for any leased real property to the extent
unsecured and not constituting debt for borrowed money) minus (b) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of Holdings
and its Subsidiaries in deposit accounts subject to Control Agreements in favor of the Acquisition Term Agent and the Administrative Agent
in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 (or such greater amount as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing in its sole
discretion) (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the cash proceeds of any Delayed Draw Term Loans or any Incremental Facilities
(as each term is defined in the Acquisition Term Loan Agreement)) as of any applicable date of determination, minus (c)
solely for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 9.2.12(ii) for the Fiscal Quarter
ending March 31, 2025, up to $1,500,000 of the cash proceeds actually used to prepay outstanding Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to that
certain Amendment, Consent and Partial Release Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan
Parties; provided, that for all purposes of calculating the Senior Net Leverage Ratio under the Loan Documents, the amount
of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans for purposes of clause (a) above shall be calculated by taking the average of such outstanding Revolving
Credit Loans at the end of each business day for the trailing ninety (90) day period (or, if prior to the date that is ninety (90) days
following the Closing Date, the period from the First Amendment Effective Date to the date the Senior Net Leverage Ratio is being tested)
(the averaging of such outstanding revolving loans, the Revolver Averaging Mechanic).

2.Consent. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below, and in reliance on the
representations and warranties contained in Section 5 below, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders consent to the consummation
of the Asset Sale in accordance with the terms of the Sale Agreement and applicable law so long as, promptly following receipt by the
Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates of any payments, proceeds and other amounts (including, without limitation, payment of the Closing
Payment, any Milestone Payments and any Acquired AR Remittance Amount, each as defined in the Sale Agreement) in connection with the Asset
Sale (collectively, the Asset Sale Proceeds), the Borrowers apply such Asset Sale Proceeds to prepay the Obligations
and the Acquisition Term Debt as follows:

-2- 

(a)The initial $5,052,009 Closing Payment (as defined in the Sale Agreement) payable to the Company upon closing of the Asset Sale
shall be applied as follows:

(i)50% of the Closing Payment shall be applied to the Obligations, with the first $1,010,880 of such Asset Sale Proceeds to be used
to prepay the Term Loan, and the remainder of such Asset Sale Proceeds to be used to prepay outstanding Revolving Credit Loans without
a permanent reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments; and

(ii)50% of the Closing Payment shall be applied to the Acquisition Term Debt, to prepay the Initial Term Loans (as defined in the Acquisition
Term Loan Agreement) of each Acquisition Term Lender on a pro rata basis.

(b) The Acquired AR Remittance Amount payable to the Company after the closing of the Asset Sale shall be applied to the Obligations,
to be used to prepay outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, with the Administrative Agent permanently reducing the Eligible Unbilled Accounts
sublimit within the Borrowing Base in an amount equal to all Acquired AR Remittance Amount collections, but without any other modification
or permanent reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments.

(c)All Milestone Payments and any other Asset Sale Proceeds (to the extent not otherwise specified in the foregoing clauses (a)
and (b)) payable to the Company after the closing of the Asset Sale shall be applied as follows:

(i)50% of any such Asset Sale Proceeds shall be applied to the Obligations, to be used to prepay outstanding Revolving Credit Loans,
with the Administrative Agent permanently reducing the Eligible Unbilled Accounts sublimit within the Borrowing Base in an amount equal
to all such Milestone Payments (and other Asset Sale Proceeds) so applied to the Obligations, but without any other modification or permanent
reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments; and

(ii)50% of any such Asset Sale Proceeds shall be applied to the Acquisition Term Debt, to prepay the Initial Term Loans (as defined
in the Acquisition Term Loan Agreement) of each Lender on a pro rata basis.

This consent is a limited consent
and shall not be deemed to constitute a course of dealing or a waiver or consent with respect to any other current or future departure
from the requirements of any provision of the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Documents.

3.Lien Release. The Administrative Agent and Lenders hereby agree and confirm that, upon the consummation of the Asset
Sale in accordance with the terms of this Consent: (a) the Liens and security interests of the Administrative Agent in the Purchased Assets
(as defined in the Sale Agreement) shall automatically be released and terminated and (b) the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the
Company (or Purchaser at the written direction of the Company) at the sole cost and expense of the Loan Parties (and the Loan Parties
shall reimburse the Administrative Agent, on demand, for such costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with
any such delivery) any termination statements or releases pertaining to any Liens and security interests of the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders in the Purchased Assets (as defined in the Sale Agreement), as the Company or Purchaser, as applicable, may reasonably request,
in connection with the Administrative Agent's above-described release and termination of its security interests and Liens in the Purchased
Assets (as defined in the Sale Agreement); provided, that notwithstanding such limited release, all Loan Parties will continue
to be obligated in respect of all Obligations to the Administrative Agent and Lenders under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
and such Obligations shall continue to be secured by the Collateral.

-3- 

4.Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Consent is subject to the prior or concurrent consummation
of each of the following conditions:

(a)The Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed copy of this Consent executed by each Loan Party and each Lender,
together with such other documents, agreements and instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require or reasonably request;

(b)the Asset Sale shall have been consummated (or substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Consent will be consummated)
in accordance with the terms of the Sale Documents in all material respects (without any modification thereto or waiver thereunder that
is adverse to the interests of the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders unless consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing);

(c)The Loan Parties shall have paid all fees, costs and expenses due and payable as of the date hereof under the Loan Agreement and
the other Loan Documents;

(d)all proceedings taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Consent, the Sale Documents and all documents, instruments
and other legal matters incident thereto shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its legal counsel; and

(e)no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall be caused by the transactions contemplated by this
Consent, the Sale Documents and each of the transactions contemplated thereby.

To the extent any of the conditions precedent
set forth above in this Section 4 is required to be satisfied in a manner acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
or any Lender, the delivery by the Administrative Agent and each such Lender party hereto of its executed signature page to this Consent
shall be deemed to constitute the Administrative Agent's or such Lender's confirmation, as applicable, that such condition precedent has
been satisfied in a manner acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender.

5.Representations and Warranties. To induce the Administrative Agent and Lenders to enter into this Consent, each Loan
Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and Lenders:

(a)that the Sale Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite limited liability company or corporate action on the part of
such Loan Party, as applicable, and that this Consent has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party, as applicable;

(b)as of the date hereof, (i) the Asset Sale has been consummated (or is being consummated substantially contemporaneously with the
effectiveness of this Consent) in compliance with all applicable laws and pursuant to the provisions of the Sale Documents in all material
respects, true, correct and complete copies of which have been delivered to the Administrative Agent;

-4- 

(c)this Consent constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, as applicable, and is enforceable against
such Loan Party, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability
of creditors' rights generally and to general principles of equity;

(d)that each of the representations and warranties of such Loan Party set forth in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all
material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier contained therein) as of the date hereof (except to the extent stated
to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct as of such earlier date);
and

(e)no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to the transactions contemplated
by this Consent, the Sale Documents and each of the transactions contemplated thereby.

6.Release. In consideration of the agreements of the Administrative Agent and Lenders contained herein and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and
each of its respective successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases,
remises and forever discharges the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each of their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns,
directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, and attorneys (each, a Released Person) of and from any
and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands (including any so-called lender liability claims
or defenses), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law
of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such Loan Party ever had or now has against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or
any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or
any other Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior to the date hereof.

7.Severability. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability in any jurisdiction of any provision under this Consent
shall not affect or impair the remaining provisions in this Consent.

8.References. This Consent is a Loan Document. Any reference to the Loan Agreement contained in any document, instrument
or Loan Document executed in connection with the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Loan Agreement as modified by
this Consent.

9.Counterparts. This Consent may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original,
but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument. Receipt by telecopy or electronic mail of any executed signature
page to this Consent shall constitute effective deliver of such signature page.

-5- 

10.Ratification. The terms and provisions set forth in this Consent shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms
and provisions of the Loan Agreement. Except as expressly modified and superseded by this Consent, the terms and provisions of the Loan
Agreement and the other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.

11.Governing Law. This Consent shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State
of Texas applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state, without regard to conflict-of-laws principles.

[Signature Pages Follow]

-6- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Consent to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written
above.

BORROWERS: 

QUEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

QUEST EQUIPMENT, LLC 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

QUEST RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

QUEST SUSTAINABILITY SERVICES, INC. A 

DELAWARE CORPORATION (F/K/A EARTH 911, INC.) 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

YOUCHANGE, INC. 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

QUEST VERTIGENT CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

QUEST VERTIGENT ONE, LLC 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement Quest/Lincoln Waste Sale]

GUARANTORS (CONTINUED): 

GLOBAL ALERTS, LLC 

By: /s/ Brett Johnston 

Name: Brett Johnston 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement Quest/Lincoln Waste Sale]

AGENT: 

PNC BANK, National Association, 

Successor to BBVA USA, as Administrative 

Agent and as a Lender 

By: /s/ Brad Miller 

Name: Brad Miller 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Amendment, Consent and Partial
Release Agreement Quest/Lincoln Waste Sale]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>e664363_ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Quest Resource Holding Corporation Finalizes
Sale of Non-Core Portion of RWS Business

THE COLONY, TX April 4, 2025 
Quest Resource Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: QRHC) (Quest or the Company), a national leader in environmental
waste and recycling services, today announced the sale of its tenant-direct portion of the RWS commercial property management business.

We have successfully completed the sale
of a portion of RWS, which was a non-core line of business and a small part of our overall portfolio. The sale enables us to increase
our focus on our core portfolio of clients in diverse industries, which offer the greatest source of growth and financial returns. Financially,
this sale eliminates business that contributed to inconsistent financial performance without contributing profits, and it provides cash
that can be used to pay down debt, said Perry W. Moss, President and Chief Executive Officer of Quest.

The Company agreed to sell the client contracts
to Lincoln Waste Solutions, a part of Reconomy, a leading international specialist in the circular economy. The total consideration for
the sale was approximately $5 million in cash paid at closing, plus additional amounts payable to the seller, not to exceed $6.5 million
in aggregate, that may be earned based on future performance and a one-time payment of an acquired accounts receivable remittance amount,
in each case subject to adjustment as set forth in the purchase agreement. The transaction closed on March 31, 2025.

On our earnings call a few weeks ago, we
laid out a number of changes and initiatives, all focused on increasing profitability, improving operating efficiencies, and generating
more consistent financial results. This transaction will enable us to apply greater focus on our core and pay down debt, which is also
a focus of the Company, added Dan Friedberg, Chairman of Quests Board of Directors.

We are excited to add these clients to our book of tenant-direct
customers, said John Ayvas, Chief Executive Officer for Lincoln Waste Solutions. Our operations are uniquely designed to
cater to these types of customers, and our extensive experience and knowledge of this specialized market will enable us to deliver strong
results from their waste management solutions, Ayvas added.

About Quest Resource Holding Corporation

Quest is a national provider of waste and recycling
services that enable larger businesses to excel in achieving their environmental and sustainability goals and responsibilities. Quest
delivers focused expertise across multiple industry sectors to build single-source, client-specific solutions that generate quantifiable
business and sustainability results. Addressing a wide variety of waste streams and recyclables, Quest provides information and data that
tracks and reports the environmental results of Quests services, gives actionable data to improve business operations, and enables
Quests clients to excel in their business and sustainability responsibilities. For more information, visit www.qrhc.com.

About Lincoln Waste Solutions

Lincoln Waste Solutions by Reconomy is a leading
provider of full-service waste and recycling management solutions, serving multi-location businesses across the U.S., Canada, and Puerto
Rico. The company specializes in tailored strategies that maximize cost savings, enhance recycling rates, and reduce environmental impact.

Backed by an expansive hauler network, expert back-office support,
and 24/7 customer service, Lincoln Waste Solutions delivers a seamless, industry-leading customer experience. For more information on
Lincoln Waste Solutions and its innovative services, visit www.lincolnwaste.com.

Safe Harbor Statement 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which provides a safe harbor for such statements in certain
circumstances. Actual events or results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of
various factors, as discussed in greater detail in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements
and to consult our SEC filings for additional risks and uncertainties that may apply to our business and the ownership of our securities.
Our forward-looking statements are presented as of the date made, and we disclaim any duty to update such statements unless required by
law to do so.

Investor Relations Contact: 

Three Part Advisors, LLC

Joe Noyons

817.778.8424
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>qrhc-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>qrhc-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>qrhc-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36451

Entity Registrant Name QUEST
RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001442236

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0665952

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3481 Plano Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town The Colony

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75056

City Area Code (972)

Local Phone Number 464-0004

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol QRHC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://investors.qrhc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

e664363_8k-questresrouces.htm 
qrhc-20250331.xsd 
qrhc-20250331_lab.xml 
qrhc-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193805-25-000429-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>e664363_8k-questresrouces_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001442236 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001442236 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
QUEST RESOURCE HOLDING CORPORATION 
NV 
001-36451 
51-0665952 
3481 Plano Parkway 
The Colony 
TX 
75056 
(972) 
464-0004 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
QRHC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>