<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001554795-25-000037.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0001554795-25-000037.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250212155028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-25-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Red Cat Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000748268
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				880490034
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40202
		FILM NUMBER:		25614598

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 AVE. MUNOZ RIVERA
		STREET 2:		STE 2200
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00901-2510
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-373-3228

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 AVE. MUNOZ RIVERA
		STREET 2:		STE 2200
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00901-2510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TimefireVR Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnergyTEK Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140723

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROADLEAF CAPITAL PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

0000748268false00007482682025-02-102025-02-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
10, 2025

Red
Cat Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Nevada

(State or other

jurisdiction of incorporation) 001-40202

(Commission

File Number) 88-0490034

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

15
Ave. Munoz RiveraSte
2200

San
Juan, PR

(Address of principal executive offices) 

00901

(Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (833)
373-3228

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $0.001 RCAT The
NasdaqCapital
Market

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section 1 - Registrants Business and
Operations 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On February 10, 2025, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA) with Lind Global Asset Management XI LLC (Lind). Under the SPA, upon closing,
we will receive $15 million in funding from Lind in exchange for our issuance to Lind of a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note
in the amount of $16,500,000 (the Note) and a Common Stock Purchase Warrant for the purchase of 1,000,000 shares of our
common stock at a price of $15.00 per share, exercisable for 5 years (the Warrant). As additional consideration to Lind,
we have agreed to pay a commitment fee in the amount of $525,000, which may be paid by deduction from the funding to be received. Our
obligations under the Note are secured by all of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries pursuant to a Security Agreement and related
ancillary documents.

The Note, which does not accrue interest, shall be
due and payable on February 10, 2026. The Note may be converted by Lind from time to time at a price equal to the lower of Conversion
Price of $16.15 per share, or the Repayment Share Price, which is defined as ninety percent (90%) of the average
of the five (5) lowest daily VWAPs for our common stock during the twenty (20) trading days prior to the conversion date, subject to a
floor price. Conversions under the Note are limited to a maximum of $1,650,000 in any calendar month, subject to increase upon our optional
written consent. Upon receipt of a conversion notice under the Note, we may, if the applicable Repayment Share Price is below the Conversion
Price, elect to pay the conversion amount in cash and in lieu of issuing common stock. Cash repayments under this provision must be equal
to 1.025 times the conversion amount. If applicable, we must elect the cash repayment option within one business day of receiving the
conversion notice and tender cash payment within two business days of receiving the conversion notice.

The Note may be prepaid in whole upon 5 days
notice, but in the event of a prepayment notice, Lind may convert up to 25% of principal amount due at the lesser of the Repayment Share
Price (but only if the Repayment Share Price is equal to or greater than an applicable threshold) or the Conversion Price. 

On or before March 10, 2025, we are required to file
a registration statement with the SEC registering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and upon
exercise of the Warrant.

The SPA, the Note, the Warrant, and the Security Agreement,
which are filed herewith, contain additional terms, covenants, and conditions and should be reviewed in their entirety for additional
information.

Section 3 - Securities and Trading Markets

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The issuance of the Note and the Warrant to Lind,
as described above, was made pursuant to the exemption provided by Rule 506(b) under Regulation D of the Securities Act. Lind is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D, and we did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising in connection
with the transaction.

Section 8 Other Events

Item 8.01 Other Events

On February 12, 2025, we released the press release
furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1.

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note

10.3 Common Stock Purchase Warrant

10.4 Security Agreement

99.1 Press
Release

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated: February 12, 2025 By: /s/ Jeffrey
M. Thompson 

Name: Jeffrey M. Thompson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8kexh10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase
Agreement (as amended, supplemented, restated and/or modified from time to time, this Agreement) is entered into
as of February 10, 2025, by and between Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Lind Global
Asset Management XI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor).

BACKGROUND

A. The
board of directors (the Board of Directors) of the Company has authorized the issuance to Investor of the Note (as
defined below) and the Warrant (as defined below).

B The
Investor desires to purchase the Note and the Warrant on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

C. Concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, (i) the Company and the Investor will enter into a security agreement, substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Security Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will grant a first priority
security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company to secure its obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction
Documents and (ii) each Subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the Guarantors and each, individually, a Guarantor)
will enter into a joint and several guaranty substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Guaranty)
pursuant to which the Guarantors will guarantee, on a joint and several basis, to the Investor all of the Companys obligations
hereunder and under the Transaction Documents and the Guarantors and the Investor will enter into a security agreement, substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the Guarantor Security Agreement) pursuant to which each of the
Guarantors will grant a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor to secure such Guarantors
obligations under the Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents as well as the Companys obligations hereunder and under the
other Transaction Documents (provided, the priority of any security interests in the Excluded Assets (as hereinafter defined) granted
to the Investor pursuant to the Security Agreement shall be subject to the provisions provided for therein, including as modified pursuant
to any Subordination Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing recitals and the covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending hereby to be legally bound, the Company and
the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified
or indicated below, and such meanings shall be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of such defined terms:

1933 Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1934 Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Acquisition
means the acquisition by the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company of a majority of the Equity Interests or substantially
all of the assets (tangible or intangible) and business of any Person, whether by direct purchase of Equity Interests, asset purchase,
merger, consolidation or like combination.

Affiliate
means a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Person specified.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

ATM Agreement
means the ATM Sales Agreement, dated August 8, 2023 by and between the Company and ThinkEquity, LLC, and any additional agreement regarding
a registered at-the-market offering by the Company in the future.

Blue Sky Application
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(a).

Board of Directors
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banks are permitted or required to be closed in New York City, as
well as July 24.

Capital Stock
means the Common Stock, the Preferred Stock and any other classes of shares in the capital stock of the Company.

Change of Control
means, with respect to the Company, on or after the date of this Agreement:

(a) a change in the composition of the Board of Directors of the Company at
a single shareholder meeting where a majority of the individuals that were directors of the Company immediately prior to the start of
such shareholder meeting are no longer directors at the conclusion of such meeting, without prior written consent of the Investor;

(b) a change, without prior written consent of the Investor, in the composition
of the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the termination of this Agreement where a majority of the individuals that were directors
as of the date of this Agreement cease to be directors of the Company prior to the termination of this Agreement; 

(c) other than a shareholder that holds such a position at the date of this
Agreement, if a Person comes to have beneficial ownership, control or direction over more than forty percent (40%) of the voting rights
attached to any class of voting securities of the Company; and

(d) the sale or other disposition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
in a single transaction, or in a series of transactions, of all or substantially all of their respective assets, but in no event shall
any disposition of assets having a value equal or lesser than 30% of the total value of all of the Companys assets as reported
on the Balance Sheet of the most recently filed Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, be considered a Change of Control.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Closing Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commitment Fee
means an amount equal to Five Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($525,000).

Common Stock
means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
time shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of Common
Stock.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Conversion Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the full or any partial conversion of the Note.

Disclosure Letter
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Effectiveness
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a).

Equity Assets
means: (i) any Equity Interest in any Person which becomes a Subsidiary of the Company to the extent the purchase of such Equity Interest
was paid for with the proceeds of a Permitted Acquisition Arrangement; or (ii) any group of assets acquired by the Company that constitute
a business within the meaning of Rule 11-01(d) under Regulation S-X (Business Assets), to the extent
that: (a) the purchase of such assets was paid for with the proceeds of a Permitted Acquisition Arrangement; and (b) all of such assets
are acquired by, and held within, a newly-created and wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company.

Equity Interests
means and includes capital stock, membership interests and other similar equity securities, and shall also include warrants or options
to purchase capital stock, membership interests or other equity interests.

Event
means any event, change, development, effect, condition, circumstance, matter, occurrence or state of facts.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Excluded Assets
means (a) PO Assets, and (b) Equity Assets.

Exempted Securities
means (a) equity securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock split, split-up or other distribution on shares of Common Stock, (b)
shares of Common Stock or rights, warrants or options to purchase Common Stock issued to employees or directors of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries pursuant to a plan, agreement or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (Equity Plans),
(c) shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the exercise of options, warrants or shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the conversion
or exchange of any securities convertible into Common Stock, in each case issued to employees or directors of, the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries pursuant to an Equity Plan and provided that such issuance is pursuant to the terms of the applicable option, warrant or
convertible security, (d) Investor Shares, (e) shares of Common Stock sold pursuant to any ATM Agreement, and (f) shares of Common Stock
or Preferred Stock issued in connection with an Acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

FCPA
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.24.

Form 8-K
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.

Funding Amount
means an amount equal to Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000).

GAAP
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(b).

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state
or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies
such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantor Security
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Guaranty
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

HSR Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15.

Indebtedness
has the meaning set forth in the Note.

Investor
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Investor Group
shall mean the Investor plus any other Person with which the Investor is considered to be part of a group under Section 13 of the 1934
Act or with which the Investor otherwise files reports under Sections 13 and/or 16 of the 1934 Act.

Investor Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11(a).

Investor Shares
means the Conversion Shares, the Warrant Shares and any other shares issued or issuable to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, the
Note or the Warrant.

IP Rights
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10.

IP Security Documents
means any security agreement with respect to any trademarks, patents, copyrights and related rights by and between the Company or any
Subsidiary, as applicable, and the Investor.

Law
means any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree, including, without limitation, any federal and state securities Laws.

Legend Removal
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(c).

Losses
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11(a).

Material Adverse
Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the businesses, properties, assets, prospects, operations, results of operations
or financial condition of the Company, or the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of the Company to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to perform its obligations hereunder or under the Security Agreement, the Note or the
Warrant; provided, however, that none of the following shall be deemed either alone or in combination to constitute, and none of
the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been or would be, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) any adverse
effect resulting from or arising out of general economic conditions; (b) any adverse effect resulting from or arising out of general conditions
in the industries in which the Company and the Subsidiaries operate; (c) any adverse effect resulting from any changes to applicable Law;
or (d) any adverse effect resulting from or arising out of any natural disaster or any acts of terrorism, sabotage, military action
or war or any escalation or worsening thereof; provided, further, that any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change
referred to in clauses (a) through (d) immediately above shall be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect
has occurred or could reasonably be expected to occur to the extent that such event, occurrence, fact, condition or change has a disproportionate
effect on the Company and/or the Subsidiaries compared to other participants in the industries in which the Company and the Subsidiaries
operate.

Maximum Percentage
means 4.99%.

Money Laundering
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.25.

New Securities
means, collectively, equity securities of the Company, whether or not currently authorized, as well as rights, options, or warrants to
purchase such equity securities, or securities of any type whatsoever that are, or may become convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable
for such equity securities.

Note
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Notice Termination
Time has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.

Obligor
means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries.

OFAC
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.23.

Offer Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.

Organizational
Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

Permitted Acquisition
Arrangement means Indebtedness incurred after the date hereof from one or more lenders in an aggregate principal amount not
to exceed $5,000,000 so long as (a) the proceeds thereof are used by the Company solely for the purchase of Equity Interests in an unaffiliated
Person which becomes a Subsidiary or Business Assets of an unaffiliated Person so long as such Business Assets are acquired by, and held
within, a newly-created and wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company; (b) at the time of incurring such Indebtedness, no Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing under any Transaction Document; (c) the terms and conditions contained in any agreement or document relating
to such Indebtedness do not contain any covenants or defaults more onerous to the Company or any Subsidiary than those contained in the
Transaction Documents and do not contain any covenant or provision which would cause the Company to violate or otherwise contravene the
terms of any Transaction Document; (d) to the extent any security interest is granted to secure the Companys or any such newly-created
and wholly-owned Subsidiarys obligations with respect to such Indebtedness, such security interest is limited solely to a security
interest on the Equity Assets of the Person so acquired or the Business Assets so acquired, and the provider of such Indebtedness shall
have no other recourse to any other assets or recourse to the Company or any other Subsidiary (other than the Subsidiary so acquired);
and (e) the provider of such Indebtedness, the Investor and the Company (and to the extent applicable, the applicable Subsidiary) have
entered into a Subordination Agreement with respect to the security interest in the applicable Excluded Assets so acquired.

Permitted Financing
Arrangement means a Permitted Acquisition Arrangement and a Permitted PO Financing Arrangement.

Permitted PO
Financing Arrangement means Indebtedness incurred after the date hereof from one or more lenders in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed $50,000,000 so long as (a) the proceeds thereof are used by the Company solely for the purchase of PO Assets; (b)
at the time of incurring such Indebtedness, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under any Transaction Document; (c) the
terms and conditions contained in any agreement or document relating to such Indebtedness do not contain any covenants or defaults more
onerous to the Company or any Subsidiary than those contained in the Transaction Documents and do not contain any covenant or provision
which would cause the Company to violate or otherwise contravene the terms of any Transaction Document; (d) to the extent any security
interest is granted to secure the Companys or any Subsidiarys obligations with respect to such Indebtedness, such security
interest is limited solely to a security interest on the PO Assets; and (e) the provider of such Indebtedness, the Investor and the Company
(and to the extent applicable, the applicable Subsidiary) have entered into a Subordination Agreement with respect to the security interest
in the PO Assets.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pledge Agreements
means, collectively, (a) that certain Pledge Agreement dated on or about the date hereof by and between the Company and the Investor;
(b) that certain Pledge Agreement dated on or about the date hereof between Red Cat Skypersonic, Inc. and the Investor; and (c) that certain
Pledge Agreement dated on or about the date hereof by and between Teal Acquisition I Corp. and the Investor.

PO Assets
means those assets of the Company consisting of inventory (including raw material, work in process, or material used or consumed in the
Companys business) and accounts receivables of the Company.

Preferred Stock
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(a).

Press Release
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.

Principal Amount
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Proceedings
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6.

Prohibited Transaction
means a transaction with a third party or third parties in which the Company issues or sells (or arranges or agrees to issue or sell):

(a) any
debt, equity or equity-linked securities (including options or warrants) that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or
include the right to receive shares of the Companys Capital Stock:

(i) at
a conversion, repayment, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based on, and/or varies with, a discount to the future trading
prices of, or quotations for, shares of Common Stock; or

(ii) at
a conversion, repayment, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
issuance of such debt, equity or equity-linked security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events (other than warrants
that may be repriced by the Company); or

(b) any
securities in a capital or debt raising transaction or series of related transactions which grant to an investor the right to receive
additional securities based upon future transactions of the Company on terms more favorable than those granted to such investor in such
first transaction or series of related transactions; and are deemed to include transactions generally referred to as equity lines of credit
and stand-by equity distribution agreements, and convertible securities and loans having a similar effect; provided, that any registered
public offering of common stock by the Company, including but limited to any offering made in connection with an ATM Agreement, shall
not be considered Prohibited Transactions.

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to
the terms of the offering of any portion of the Investor Shares covered by such Registration Statement and by all other amendments and
supplements to the prospectus, including post-effective amendments and all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus, and
any free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act.

register,
registered and registration refer to a registration made by preparing and filing a Registration
Statement or similar document in compliance with the 1933 Act (as defined below), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of
such Registration Statement or document.

Registration
Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed under the 1933 Act that covers the resale of any of the Investor
Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus and amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement,
and including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such Registration Statement.

Reverse Split
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.20.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.

Securities
means the Note, the Warrant and the Investor Shares.

Security Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Security Documents
means the Security Agreement, the Guarantor Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreements, and the IP Security Documents.

Subordination
Agreement means an intercreditor agreement entered into after the date hereof among the Investor, the Company and the provider
of any Permitted Financing Arrangement, which shall be entered into if and only if: (i) the Permitted Financing Agreement meets the definition
of a Permitted Acquisition Arrangement or a Permitted PO Financing Arrangement, as applicable, as set forth herein; (ii) such intercreditor
agreement does not, in the reasonable determination of the Investor, impair, impede, or otherwise materially alter the Investors
rights under any of the Transaction Documents, except with respect to the first priority of the Investors lien on the subject Equity
Assets or PO Assets, as applicable, (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no such agreement shall require or otherwise cause the Investors
lien to rank lower than a second priority lien on the applicable Excluded Assets) or impose any additional obligations on the Investor
other than the Investors obligations under the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) such intercreditor agreement shall not require
the Company, under any circumstances, to violate the terms of any Transaction Document.

Stockholder Approval
shall mean the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Companys voting Common Stock: (a) if and
to the extent legally required, to amend the Companys Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of
Common Stock by at least the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder, or (b)
to ratify and approve all of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including the issuance of all of the Investor
Shares (as such term is defined in each of such documents) issued and potentially issuable to the Investor thereunder, all as may be required
by the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market (or any successor entity).

Subsequent Financing
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of
the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or
the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries of the Company.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means whichever of the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, or the Nasdaq Stock Market (including the Nasdaq Capital Market), on which
the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, the Guarantor Security Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, the Supplemental
Loan Documents (as such term is defined in the Security Agreement) and any other documents or agreements executed or delivered in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

VWAP
means, as of any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of one share of Common Stock trading in the ordinary course of
business at the applicable Trading Price for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on such Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg
Financial L.P.; (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed on a Trading Market and if the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by the OTCQX or OTCQB Markets, the volume weighted average price of one share of Common Stock for such date (or the
nearest preceding date) on the OTCQX or OTCQB Markets, as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P.; (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market or on the OTCQX or OTCQB Markets and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink
Sheets published by the OTC Markets Group (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices),
the most recent bid price of one share of Common Stock so reported, as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P.; or (d) in all other cases,
the fair market value of one share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Investor and
reasonably acceptable to the Company.

Warrant
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

2.PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE NOTE AND THE WARRANT

2.1Purchase and Sale of the Note and the Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing,
the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, for the Funding Amount (a) a convertible
promissory note, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Note), in the principal amount of Sixteen Million
Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($16,500,000) (the Principal Amount) and (b) a Common Stock purchase warrant, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit C, registered in the name of the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor shall have the right
to acquire 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant).

2.2Closing. The closing hereunder, including payment for and delivery of the Note and the Warrant, shall take place
remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures, no later than ten (10) Business Days following the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, subject to satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6, or at such other time and place as the Company
and the Investor agree upon, orally or in writing (the Closing, and the date of the Closing being the Closing
Date).

2.3Commitment Fee. At the Closing, the Company shall pay to the Investor the Commitment Fee, in United States dollars
and in immediately available funds. The Commitment Fee shall be paid by being offset against the Funding Amount payable by the Investor
at Closing.

2.4Prepayment Right. The Company will have the right to pre-pay the entire Outstanding Principal Amount (as such
term is defined in the Note) pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Note.

2.5Senior Obligation. As an inducement for the Investor to enter into this Agreement and to purchase the Note, all
obligations of the Company pursuant to this Agreement and the Note shall be (a) guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the terms of
the Guaranty (and each Guarantors obligations under the Guaranty shall be secured by a security interest in and lien upon all the
Collateral (as such term is defined in the Guarantor Security Agreement) of such Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the
Guarantor Security Agreement), with such security interest and lien to hold first priority except in the case of Excluded Assets, and
(b) secured by a security interest in and lien upon all assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, with such
security interest and lien to hold first priority except in the case of Excluded Assets (which, in the case of the applicable Excluded
Assets that are the subject of a Subordination Agreement, will hold second priority so long as such Subordination Agreement is in full
force and effect). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent after the date hereof, (a) the Company entered into a Permitted Financing
Arrangement to be secured by PO Assets, upon the execution and delivery of the Subordination Agreement(s), the Investors security
interest on the Companys PO Assets be subordinated to the security interest(s) granted to the creditor(s) in the transaction; and
(b) the Company enters into a transaction to acquire Equity Assets, upon the execution and delivery of the Subordination Agreement(s),
the Investors security interest in the Equity Assets shall be subordinated to the security interest(s) granted to the creditor(s)
in the transaction. In addition, so long (x) as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would exist as a result thereof,
and (y) the Company complies with the repayment provisions of Section 5.7 hereof, the Company may conduct a sale, exchange, or other disposition
of assets so long as the aggregate value of all assets sold, exchanged or otherwise disposed of from and after the date hereof is equal
or lesser than 30% of the contribution to revenue or the total value of all of the Companys assets as reported on the Balance Sheet
of the most recently filed Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (a Permitted Disposition). In the event of a Permitted Disposition, the
Lender shall promptly upon the request of the Company (but after giving effect to any required repayment pursuant to Section 5.7 hereof)
execute a release of it lien and security interest in the assets so disposed.

3.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents and warrants to the Investor and
covenants with the Investor that, except as is set forth in the Disclosure Letter being delivered to the Investor as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date (the Disclosure Letter), the following representations and warranties are true and correct:

3.1Organization and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Nevada and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business
as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (if a good standing concept exists in such
jurisdiction) in every jurisdiction in which the ownership of its property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.2Authorization; Enforcement; Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power
and authority to execute the Transaction Documents, to issue and sell the Note and the Warrant pursuant hereto, and to perform its obligations
under the Transaction Documents, including issuing the Investor Shares on the terms set forth in this Agreement. The execution and delivery
of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the issuance and sale by the Company of the Securities pursuant hereto, including without
limitation the reservation of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares for future insuance, have been duly and validly authorized
by the Companys Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization is required by the Company, its Board of Directors,
its stockholders or any other Person in connection therewith. The Transaction Documents have been duly and validly executed and delivered
by the Company and constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, liquidation or similar Laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies.

3.3No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and its Subsidiaries
(as applicable) and the issuance and sale of the Note and the Warrant hereunder will not (a) conflict with or result in a violation of
the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws, or any Subsidiarys organizational and governing documents
(collectively, the Organizational Documents), (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event
which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a material default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party, or (c) subject to
the making of the filings referred to in Section 5, violate in any material respect any Law or any rule or regulation of
the Trading Market applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or by which any of their properties or assets are bound or affected.
Assuming the accuracy of the Investors representations in Section 4 and subject to the making of the filings referred
to in Section 5, (i) no approval or authorization will be required from any Governmental Authority or agency, regulatory or
self-regulatory agency or other third party (including the Trading Market) in connection with the issuance of the Note and the Warrant
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note
and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the Warrant and the issuance of any other Investor Shares upon the issuance thereof) and (ii) the
issuance of the Note and the Warrant, and the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon the conversion of the Note and the Warrant Shares
upon exercise of the Warrant and the issuance of any other Investor Shares upon the issuance thereof will be exempt from the registration
and qualification requirements under the 1933 Act and all applicable state securities Laws.

3.4Capitalization and Subsidiaries.

(a)The authorized Capital Stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 4,300,000 shares of preferred stock
to be designated by the Board of Directors (the Preferred Stock). As of the close of business on February 6, 2025,
85,617,636 shares of Common Stock and 4,676 shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding; and since February 6, 2025, and through
the date of this Agreement, the Company has issued zero additional shares of Common Stock and an additional zero shares of Preferred Stock.
As of February 6, 2025, (i) an aggregate of 4,295,361 shares of Common Stock are issuable upon exercise of options granted under the 2019
Equity Incentive Plan, of which 5,715,1015 shares were exercisable as of February 6, 2025 and 2,654,257 shares are reserved for future
issuance thereunder; (ii) an aggregate of 634,792 shares of Common Stock are issuable upon exercise of options granted under the 2024
Equity Incentive Plan, of which 45,826 shares were exercisable as of February 6, 2025 and 10,607,500 shares are reserved for future issuance
thereunder; and (ii) 831,433 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants with exercise prices
ranging from $1.50 to $9.20 per share. The Company has duly reserved up to 22,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance upon conversion
of the Note and has duly reserved up to 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance upon exercise of the Warrant. The Conversion Shares,
when issued upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms, and the Warrant Shares, if and when issued upon exercise of the
Warrant in accordance with its terms, and any other Investor Shares, if and when issued in connection wtih the Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.
No shares of the Companys Capital Stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances
suffered or permitted by the Company. The Organizational Documents on file on the SECs EDGAR website are true and correct copies
of the Organizational Documents, as in effect as of the Closing Date. The Company is not in violation of any provision of its Organizational
Documents.

(b)Schedule 3.4(b) lists each direct and indirect Subsidiary of the Company existing on the date hereof and indicates for each
Subsidiary (i) the authorized capital stock or other Equity Interests of such Subsidiary as of the date hereof, (ii) the number and kind
of shares or other ownership interests of such Subsidiary that are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, and (iii) the owner of
such shares or other ownership interests. No Subsidiary has any outstanding stock options, warrants or other instruments pursuant to which
such Subsidiary may at any time or under any circumstances be obligated to issue any shares of its capital stock or other Equity Interests.
The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary. Each Subsidiary is duly
organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation (if a good standing concept exists in
such jurisdiction) and has all requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

(c)Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is bound by any agreement or arrangement pursuant to which it is obligated to register the
sale of any securities under the 1933 Act. There are no outstanding securities of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries which contain
any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or
any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem or purchase any security of the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities
or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Note, the Warrant or the Investor
Shares. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or
any similar plan or agreement.

(d)The issuance and sale of any of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities,
or to satisfy any related contractual obligations, to any other Person and will not result in the adjustment of the exercise, conversion,
exchange, or reset price of any outstanding securities.

(e)As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has capacity under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market to issue up to
17,123,527 shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock) without obtaining Stockholder Approval.

3.5SEC Documents; Financial Statements.

(a)As of the Closing Date, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the Closing Date and all
exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter
referred to as the SEC Documents). As of their respective filing dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents,
and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

(b)As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
and audited by a firm that, at time that any audit opinion was given, was member of the Public Companies Accounting Oversight Board consistently
applied, during the periods involved (except as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or, in the
case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of its
operations and consolidated cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments). No other written information provided by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor in connection with the Investors
purchase of the Note and the Warrant which is not included in the SEC Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstance under which they are or were made,
not misleading.

(c)Except as set forth in Schedule 3.5(c), the Company and each of the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or
specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) reasonable controls to safeguard assets are in place and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.6Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.6 of the Disclosure Letter, there
are no material actions, causes of action, suits, claims, proceedings, inquiries or investigations (collectively, Proceedings)
before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive
officers of Company or any of the Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Common Stock
or any other class of issued and outstanding shares of the Companys Capital Stock, or any of the Companys or the Subsidiaries
officers or directors in their capacities as such and, to the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company, there is no reason to
believe that there is any basis for any such Proceeding.

3.7No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. No event, development or circumstance has occurred or exists,
or to the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company is reasonably anticipated to occur or exist that (a) would reasonably be
anticipated to have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities Laws
on a registration statement filed with the SEC relating to an issuance and sale by the Company of its Common Stock and which has not been
publicly announced.

3.8Compliance with Law. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries have conducted and are conducting their respective
businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws and are in compliance in all material respects with the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market. The Company is not aware of any facts which could reasonably be anticipated to have the effect
of delisting the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Trading Market is currently
contemplating terminating such listing.

3.9Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is involved in any union labor dispute nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, is any such dispute threatened. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to any collective bargaining
agreement. No executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) of the 1933 Act) has notified the Company that such officer intends to leave
the Companys employ or otherwise terminate such officers employment with the Company.

3.10Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each Subsidiary owns or possesses adequate rights or licenses to
use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions,
licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights)
necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted. None of the material IP Rights of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
are expected to expire or terminate within three (3) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is
infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating any IP Rights of any other Person. No claim has been asserted, and no Proceeding is
pending, against the Company or any Subsidiary alleging that the Company or any Subsidiary is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
violating the IP Rights of any other Person, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim or Proceeding is threatened, and the
Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any such claim or Proceeding. The Company and the Subsidiaries
have taken commercially reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their material IP Rights.

3.11Environmental Laws. Except, in each case, as would not be reasonably anticipated to have a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and the Subsidiaries (a) are in compliance with any and all applicable Laws relating to the protection of human health and
safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, (b) have received and hold all permits,
licenses or other approvals required of them under all such Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (c) are in compliance with
all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval.

3.12Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all personal property owned
by them which is material to their respective businesses, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects. Any real
property and facilities held under lease by the Company or any Subsidiary are held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the
Company and the Subsidiaries.

3.13Insurance. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company reasonably believes to be prudent and customary in the
businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has been refused any
insurance coverage sought or applied for, and the Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew all existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers.

3.14Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries have in full force and effect all certificates, approvals,
authorizations and permits from all regulatory authorities and agencies necessary to own, lease or operate their respective properties
and assets and conduct their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of Proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, approval, authorization or permit, except for such certificates, approvals,
authorizations or permits with respect to which the failure to hold would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

3.15No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is (a) subject to any charter,
corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree or order which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is
expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Companys
management has or would reasonably be anticipated to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.16Taxes. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.16, the Company and the Subsidiaries each has made or filed,
or caused to be made or filed, all United States federal and other material tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction
to which it is subject and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, required to
be paid by it, regardless of whether such amounts are shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except
those being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which it has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction.

3.17Solvency. After giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (a) the Companys fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or
in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature; and (b) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction.

3.18Investment Company. Neither the Company nor any Guarantor is, and neither the Company nor any Guarantor is, an
Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.19Certain Transactions. There are no contracts, transactions, arrangements or understandings between the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any director, officer or employee thereof on the other hand, that would be required to
be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or proxy
statement pertaining to an annual meeting of stockholders.

3.20No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf,
has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer
or sale of the Note or the Warrant pursuant to this Agreement.

3.21Acknowledgment Regarding the Investors Purchase of the Note and the Warrant. The Companys Board
of Directors has approved the execution of the Transaction Documents and the issuance and sale of the Note and the Warrant, based on its
own independent evaluation and determination that the terms of the Transaction Documents are reasonable and fair to the Company and in
the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Company is entering into this Agreement and the Security Agreement and is
issuing and selling the Note and the Warrant voluntarily and without economic duress. The Company has had independent legal counsel of
its own choosing review the Transaction Documents and advise the Company with respect thereto. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Note and the Warrant and the transactions
contemplated hereby and that neither the Investor nor any person affiliated with the Investor is acting as a financial advisor to, or
a fiduciary of, the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to execution of the Transaction Documents or the issuance of the
Note and the Warrant or any other transaction contemplated hereby.

3.22No Brokers, Finders or Other Advisory Fees or Commissions. No brokers, finders or other similar
advisory fees or commissions will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary or by any of their respective agents with respect to the
issuance of the Note or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.23OFAC. None of the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on behalf of the Company and/or any Subsidiary has been or is currently subject to any United
States sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury (OFAC);
and the Company will not directly or indirectly use any proceeds received from the Investor, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to its Subsidiaries or to any affiliated entity, joint venture partner or other person or entity, to finance any investments
in, or make any payments to, any country or person currently subject to any of the sanctions of the United States administered by OFAC.

3.24No Foreign Corrupt Practices. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has, directly or indirectly: (a)
made or authorized any contribution, payment or gift of funds or property to any official, employee or agent of any Governmental Authority
of any jurisdiction except as otherwise permitted under applicable Law; or (b) made any contribution to any candidate for public office,
in either case, where either the payment or the purpose of such contribution, payment or gift was, is, or would be prohibited under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or under any other legislation
of any relevant jurisdiction covering a similar subject matter applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries and their respective operations
and the Company has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue
to ensure, continued compliance with such legislation.

3.25Anti-Money Laundering. The operations of each of the Company and the Subsidiaries are and have been conducted
at all times in compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering laws, regulations, rules and guidelines in its jurisdiction of incorporation
and in each other jurisdiction in which such entity, as the case may be, conducts business (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Authority involving the Company or its Subsidiaries
with respect to any of the Money Laundering Laws is, to the knowledge of the Company, pending, threatened or contemplated.

3.26Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it, nor to its knowledge, any other Person acting on its behalf
has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material, non-public information
other than as set forth on Schedule 3.26. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representations
and covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosures provided to the Investor regarding the Company,
its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of the Company (including the Companys representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement) are true and correct in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

4.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE INVESTOR. The Investor represents and warrants to the Company as
follows:

4.1Organization and Qualification. The Investor is a limited liability company, duly organized and validly existing
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

4.2Authorization; Enforcement; Compliance with Other Instruments. The Investor has the requisite power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the Security Agreement, to purchase the Note and the Warrant and to perform its obligations under the
Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly and validly authorized
by the Investors governing body and no further consent or authorization is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a
party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Investor and constitute valid and binding obligations of the Investor,
enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of
equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally,
the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies.

4.3No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party by
the Investor and the purchase of the Note and the Warrant by the Investor will not (a) conflict with or result in a violation of the Investors
organizational documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both,
would become a material default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material
agreement, contract, indenture mortgage, indebtedness or instrument to which the Investor is a party, or (c) violate in any material respect
any Law applicable to the Investor or by which any of the Investors properties or assets are bound or affected. No approval or
authorization will be required from any Governmental Authority or agency, regulatory or self-regulatory agency or other third party in
connection with the purchase of the Note and the Warrant and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.4Investment Intent; Accredited Investor. The Investor is purchasing the Note and the Warrant for its own account,
for investment purposes, and not with a view towards distribution. The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is
defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the 1933 Act. The Investor has, by reason of its business and financial experience, such knowledge,
sophistication and experience in financial and business matters and in making investment decisions of this type that it is capable of
(a) evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Note, the Warrant and the Investor Shares and making an informed investment
decision, (b) protecting its own interests and (c) bearing the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time.

4.5No Other Representations. Except for the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and in other
Transaction Documents, the Investor makes no other representations or warranties to the Company.

5.OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.

5.1Legends, etc.

(a)Securities may only be disposed of pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, to the Company or pursuant
to an available exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 1933 Act, and in compliance with
any applicable state securities laws.

(b)Certificates evidencing the Securities will contain the following legend, so long as is required by this Section 5.1:

[NEITHER THESE SECURITIES
NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED] [THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED] WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. [THESE SECURITIES
AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES] [THESE SECURITIES] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

(c)Certificates evidencing the Investor Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 5.1(b)): (i)
while a Registration Statement is effective under the 1933 Act, (ii) following any sale of such Investor Shares pursuant to Rule 144,
(iii) while such Investor Shares are eligible for sale without restriction under Rule 144, or (iv) if such legend is not required under
applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the Staff of the SEC). The Company
shall cause its counsel to issue any legal opinion or instruction required by the Companys transfer agent to comply with the requirements
set forth in this Section. At such time as a legend is no longer required for the Investor Shares under this Section 5.1(c), the Company
will, no later than three (3) Business Days following the delivery by the Investor to the Company or the Companys transfer agent
of a certificate representing Investor Shares containing a restrictive legend (such third Business Day, the Legend Removal Date),
deliver or cause to be delivered to the Investor a certificate representing such Investor Shares that is free from all restrictive and
other legends. In addition to any other remedies available to the Investor, the Company shall pay to the Investor, in cash, as partial
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Investor Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Investor
Shares are submitted to the Company or the Companys transfer agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive or other legend, $5
per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such Investor Shares are delivered without a legend. The Company
may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to any transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section except as it may reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate to comply or to ensure compliance with those
applicable laws that are enacted or modified after the Closing.

5.2Furnishing of Information. As long as the Investor owns the Securities, the Company covenants to timely file
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the 1934 Act. As long as the Investor owns the Securities, if the Company is not required to file reports
pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to the Investor and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information
as is required for the Investor to sell the Investor Shares under Rule 144. The Company further covenants that it will take such further
action as any holder of the Securities may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Person to sell
such Investor Shares without registration under the 1933 Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 or other applicable
exemptions.

5.3Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its best efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company
shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the
1933 Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the 1933
Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investor, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of
the rules and regulations of any Trading Market that would require, under the rules of the Trading Market, the Stockholder Approval.

5.4Notification of Certain Events. The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Investor of (a) the occurrence
or non-occurrence of any Event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which would render any representation or warranty of the Company contained
in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, if made on or immediately following the date of such Event, untrue or inaccurate
in any material respect, (b) the occurrence of any Event that, individually or in combination with any other Events, has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) any failure of the Company to comply with or satisfy any covenant or agreement
to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder or any Event that would otherwise result in the nonfulfillment of any of the conditions
to the Investors obligations hereunder, (d) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such
Person is or may be required in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document, or (e) any Proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against a party relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

5.5Available Stock. The Company shall at all times keep authorized and reserved and available for issuance, free
of preemptive rights, such number of shares of Common Stock as are issuable upon repayment or conversion in full of the Note and exercise
in full of the Warrant at any time. If the Company determines at any time that it does not have a sufficient number of authorized shares
of Common Stock to reserve and keep available for issuance as described in this Section 5.5, the Company shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock by seeking Stockholder Approval for the authorization of
such additional shares.

5.6Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Note and the Warrant hereunder for working
capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment
of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

5.7Repayment of Note. If the Company or any Subsidiary issues any Indebtedness (other than the Note or any Permitted
Financing Arrangement), or issues any Preferred Stock, other than Exempted Securities, or makes a Permitted Disposition, unless otherwise
waived in writing by and at the discretion of the Investor, the Company will immediately (x) utilize the proceeds of such issuance to
repay the Note and (y) utilize 50% of the proceeds of any Permitted Disposition to repay the Note. If the Company issues any Equity Interests,
other than (a) Exempted Securities, (b) shares of Common Stock issued in an Acquisition, or (c) shares of Common Stock issued by the Company
in an offering in which the sole use of proceeds is funding an Acquisition, for aggregate cumulative gross proceeds to the Company or
any Subsidiary, as applicable, of greater than Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) while the Note remains outstanding, excluding offering
costs or other expenses, unless otherwise waived in writing by and at the discretion of the Investor, the Company will direct the lower
of (y) twenty percent (20%) of the proceeds from such issuance or (z) twenty percent of the then Outstanding Principal Amount (as such
term is defined in the Note), to repay the Note.

5.8Intercreditor Agreement. In the event that: (i) the Company or any Subsidiary incurs debt or issues convertible
debt securities to a seller as full or partial consideration paid to such seller in connection with an Acquisition; and (ii) such debt
or convertible debt securities would otherwise constitute a Prohibited Transaction as defined herein, then, unless otherwise waived in
writing by the Investor, as a condition to consummation of such Acquisition, the holder of such debt or convertible debt securities shall
enter into an intercreditor agreement with the Company and the Investor on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

5.9Prohibited Transactions. The Company hereby covenants and agrees not to enter into any Prohibited Transactions
or incur any Indebtedness (other than a Permitted Financing Arrangement) without the Investors prior written consent, until such
time as the Note has been repaid in full, as applicable, and/or has been converted into Conversion Shares.

5.10Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall, by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day
immediately following the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby (the
Press Release), and shall, within four (4) days following the date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K (the
Form 8-K) disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and including this Agreement as an
exhibit thereto; provided, that the Company may not issue the Press Release without the Investors prior written consent. The Company
shall provide a copy of the draft Form 8-K to the Investor for review prior to release and the Company shall incorporate the Investors
reasonable comments. The Company shall not issue any press release nor otherwise make any such public statement regarding the Investor
or the Transaction Documents without the prior written consent of the Investor, except if such disclosure is made in a manner consistent
with the Press Release or Form 8-K, or is required by law, in which case the Company shall (a) ensure that such disclosure is restricted
and limited in content and scope to the maximum extent permitted by Law to meet the relevant disclosure requirement and (b) provide a
copy of the proposed disclosure to the Investor for review prior to release and the Company shall incorporate the Investors reasonable
comments. Following the execution of this Agreement, the Investor and its Affiliates and/or advisors may place announcements on their
respective corporate websites and in financial and other newspapers and publications (including, without limitation, customary tombstone
advertisements) describing the Investors relationship with the Company under this Agreement in a manner consistent with the Press
Release or Form 8-K and including the name and corporate logo of the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to comply
with United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each of the Company and the Investor, and each employee, representative
or other agent of the Company or the Investor, may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and
state income tax treatment, and the U.S. federal and state income tax structure, of the transactions contemplated hereby and all materials
of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such party relating to such tax treatment and tax structure
insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to a U.S. federal or state income tax strategy provided to such recipient.

5.11Indemnification of the Investor.

(a)The Company will indemnify and hold the Investor, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, managers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents and permitted successors and assigns (each, an Investor Party) harmless from
any and all damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts
paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation and defense (collectively, Losses)
that any such Investor Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to:

(i)any breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company in any Transaction Document;

(ii)any misrepresentation made by the Company in any Transaction Document or in any SEC Document;

(iii)any omission to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made in any SEC Document, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading;

(iv)any Proceeding before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body based upon, or resulting
from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby, and whether or not the Investor is party thereto by claim, counterclaim, crossclaim, as a defendant or otherwise, or if such
Proceeding is based upon, or results from, any of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) above.

(b)In addition to the indemnity contained herein, the Company will reimburse each Investor Party for its reasonable legal and other
expenses (including the cost of any investigation, preparation and travel in connection therewith) incurred in connection therewith, as
such expenses are incurred.

(c)The provisions of this Section 5.11 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

5.12Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf
will provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material, non-public information.
To the extent the Company provides the Investor with material, non-public information, the Company shall publicly disclose such information
within forty eight (48) hours of providing the information to the Investor; provided, however, in the event that such material non-public
information is provided to Investor pursuant to Section 9, the Company shall publicly disclose such information within five (5)
Business Days of providing the information to the Investor. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on
the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

5.13Stockholder Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders (which may also be at the annual
meeting of stockholders) on or before the 90th calendar day following the date hereof for the purpose of obtaining the Stockholder Approval;
provided, however, such ninety (90) calendar days shall be increased to one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in the event the Company
receives comments to its proxy statement from the SEC, with the recommendation of the Board of Directors that such proposal be approved,
and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals
in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. If the Company does
not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every four months thereafter to seek Stockholder
Approval until the date the Stockholder Approval is obtained.

5.14Listing of Securities. The Company shall: (a) in the time and manner required by each Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is listed, prepare and file with such Trading Market a Listing of Additional Shares form covering the Investor Shares,
(b) take all steps necessary to cause such shares to be approved for listing on each Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
listed as soon as possible thereafter, (c) provide to the Investor evidence of such Trading Markets completion of review of the
Listing of Additional Shares form, and (d) maintain the listing of such shares on each such Trading Market.

5.15Antitrust Notification. If the Investor determines, in its sole judgment and upon the advice of counsel, that
the issuance of the Note, the Warrant or the Investor Shares pursuant to the terms hereof would be subject to the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act), the Company shall file as soon as practicable after
the date on which the Company receives notice from the Investor of the applicability of the HSR Act and a request to so file with the
United States Federal Trade Commission and the United States Department of Justice the notification and report form required to be filed
by it pursuant to the HSR Act in connection with such issuance.

5.16No Short Sales. Except as expressly set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the date hereof
through and ending when the Note and Warrant no longer remain outstanding (the Restricted Period), neither the Investor
nor any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the Restricted Persons
and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person) shall, directly or indirectly, engage in
any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock, either for its
own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood
and agreed that nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit any Restricted
Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation
SHO) Common Stock; or (2) selling a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of underlying shares of Common Stock that
such Restricted Person is entitled to receive, but has not yet received from the Company or the transfer agent, upon (A) the completion
of a pending conversion of the Note for which (a) a valid Conversion Notice (as defined in the Note) has been submitted to the Company
pursuant to Section 3.1(a) of the Note or (b) a valid Prepayment Conversion Notice (as defined in the Note) has been submitted by the
Company pursuant to Section 1.4.2 of the Note; (B) the payment by the Company of any Repayment Amount in Repayment Shares, up to the total
amount of such Repayment Shares; or (C) the completion of a pending exercise of the Warrant for which a valid Exercise Notice (as defined
in the Warrant) has been submitted to the Company pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Warrant.

5.17Share Transfer Agent. The Company has informed the Investor of the name of its share transfer agent and represents
and warrants that the transfer agent participates in the Depository Trust Company Fast Automated Securities Transfer program. The Company
shall not change its share transfer agent without the prior written consent of the Investor.

5.18Set-Off.

(a)The Investor may set off any of its obligations to the Company (whether or not due for payment), against any of the Companys
obligations to the Investor (whether or not due for payment) under this Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document.

(b)The Investor may do anything necessary to effect any set-off undertaken in accordance with this Section 5.18 (including
varying the date for payment of any amount payable by the Investor to the Company).

5.19Ongoing Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries shall (a) conduct their respective businesses
in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws and (b) take all steps necessary to ensure that their continued performance
of the Transaction Documents and their obligations thereunder do not violate in any material respect any Law or any rule or regulation
of the Trading Market applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or by which any of their properties or assets are bound or
affected.

5.20Reverse Stock Split. The Company shall, if and to the extent required to re-establish compliance with the minimum
bid price requirements of the Trading Market, and within the time permitted (including any extension thereof) by the Trading Market therefor,
call a meeting of the stockholders of the Company for purposes of approving a reverse stock split of the shares of Common Stock such that
the trade price of the Common Stock will be at least $2.00 (a Reverse Split) and, subject to receipt of stockholder
approval, shall use its best efforts to promptly effect a Reverse Split.

6.CLOSING CONDITIONS

6.1Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Investor. The obligations of the Investor to fund the Note and
acquire the Warrant are subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Investor, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions:

(a)Required Documentation. The Company must have delivered to the Investor copies of all resolutions duly adopted by the Board
of Directors of the Company, or any such other documentation of the Company approving the Agreement, the Transaction Documents and any
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby;

(b)Consents and Permits. The Company must have obtained and delivered to the Investor copies of all necessary permits, approvals,
and registrations necessary to effect this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
including pursuant to Section 3.14 of this Agreement;

(c)Trading Market Approval. The Company shall have either (i) obtained and delivered to the Investor copies of all necessary
Trading Market approvals for the issuance of the Note, the Warrant, and, upon the conversion of the Note, the Conversion Shares, and upon
exercise of the Warrant, the Warrant Shares, or (ii) submitted a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with the Trading Market
relating to the issuance of the Note, the Warrant, and, upon conversion of the Note, the Conversion Shares, and upon exercise of the Warrant,
the Warrant Shares;

(d)No Event(s) of Default. The Investor must be of the reasonable opinion that no Event of Default has occurred and no Event
of Default would result from the execution of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby;

(e)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of (a) the Company contained herein and (b) the Company
and each Subsidiary contained in any of the Security Documents shall, in each case, be true and correct in all material respects as of
the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date;

(f)Performance. The Company and each Subsidiary shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with
all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or
prior to such Closing;

(g)No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by any court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents;

(h)No Suspensions of Trading in Common Stock; Listing. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC
or any Trading Market (except for any suspensions of trading of not more than one day on which the Trading Market is open solely to permit
dissemination of material information regarding the Company) at any time since the date of execution of this Agreement, and the Common
Stock shall have been at all times since such date listed for trading on a Trading Market;

(i)Limitation on Beneficial Ownership. The issuance of the Note and Warrant shall not cause the Investor Group to become, directly
or indirectly, a beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder) of a number of Equity Interests of a class that is registered under the 1934 Act which exceeds the Maximum Percentage of the
Equity Interests of such class that are outstanding at such time;

(j)Perfection of Security Interest. The Investor shall have, to its satisfaction, perfected the security interest granted in
the assets and collateral of the Company and its Subsidiaries described in the Security Documents;

(k)Funds Flow Request. The Company shall have delivered to the Investor a flow of funds request, substantially in the form
set out in Exhibit D; and

(l)Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall have delivered to the Investor a copy of the irrevocable instructions to
the Companys transfer agent instructing the Companys transfer agent to deliver the Investor Shares to the Investor upon
conversion of the Note or exercise of the Warrant, as applicable.

6.2Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to issue the Note and
the Warrant are subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Company, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor contained herein shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date;

(b)Performance. The Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to the Closing;
and

(c)No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by any court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

7.EVENTS OF DEFAULT

7.1Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following events shall be an Event of Default
under this Agreement:

(a)an Event of Default (as defined in the Note);

(b)any of the representations or warranties made by the Company, any Subsidiary or any of its agents, officers, directors, employees
or representatives in any Transaction Document or public filing being inaccurate, false or misleading in any material respect, as of the
date as of which it is made or deemed to be made, including as of any Closing Date, or any certificate or financial or other written statements
furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary to the Investor or any of its representatives, is inaccurate, false or misleading,
in any material respect, as of the date as of which it is made or deemed to be made, including as of any Closing Date; or

(c)a failure by the Company to comply with any of its covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement.

7.2Investor Right to Investigate an Event of Default. If in the Investors reasonable opinion, an Event of
Default has occurred, or is or may be continuing:

(a)the Investor may notify the Company that it wishes to investigate such purported Event of Default;

(b)the Company shall cooperate with the Investor in such investigation;

(c)the Company shall comply with all reasonable requests made by the Investor to the Company in connection with any investigation
by the Investor and shall (i) provide all information requested by the Investor in relation to the Event of Default to the Investor; provided
that the Investor agrees that any materially price sensitive information and/or non-public information will be subject to confidentiality,
and (ii) provide all such requested information within three (3) Business Days of such request; and

(d)the Company shall pay all reasonable costs incurred by the Investor in connection with any such investigation.

7.3Remedies Upon an Event of Default

(a)If an Event of Default occurs pursuant to Section 7.1(a), the Investor shall have such remedies as are set forth in the
Note.

(b)If an Event of Default occurs pursuant to Section 7.1(b) or Section 7.1(c) and is not remedied within (i) ten
(10) Business Days for an Event of Default occurring by the Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to comply with Section
7.1(c), or (ii) ten (10) Business Days for an Event of Default occurring pursuant to Section 7.1(b), the Investor may declare,
by notice to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, effective immediately, all outstanding obligations by the Company or the applicable
Subsidiary under the Transaction Documents to be immediately due and payable in immediately available funds and the Investor shall have
no obligation to consummate any Closing under this Agreement or to accept the conversion of any Note into Conversion Shares.

(c)If any Event of Default occurs and is not remedied within (i) two (2) Business Days for an Event of Default occurring by the Companys
failure to comply with Section 7.1(c), or (ii) five (5) Business Days for an Event of Default occurring pursuant to Section
7.1(b), the Investor may, by written notice to the Company, terminate this Agreement effective as of the date set forth in the Investors
notice.

8.TERMINATION

8.1Events of Termination. This Agreement:

(a)may be terminated:

(i)by the Investor on the occurrence or existence of Change of Control;

(ii)by the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investor, at any time;

(iii)by either Party, by written notice to the other Party, effective immediately, if the Closing has not occurred within ten (10) Business
Days of the date specified by this Agreement or such later date as the Company and the Investor agree in writing, provided that the right
to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(a)(iii) is not available to any party that is in material breach of or material
default under this Agreement or whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has been the principal cause of, or has resulted
in the failure of the Closing to occur; or

(iv)by the Investor, in accordance with Section 7.3(c).

8.2Automatic Termination. This Agreement will automatically terminate, without further action by the parties, at
the time after the Closing Date that is sixty (60) days after the Outstanding Principal Amount under the Note and any accrued but unpaid
interest is reduced to zero (0), whether as a result of Conversion or repayment by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and the Note.

8.3Effect of Termination.

(a)Subject to Section 8.3(b), each partys right of termination under Section 8.1 is in addition to any other
rights it may have under this Agreement or otherwise, and the exercise of a right of termination will not be an election of remedies.

(b)If the Investor terminates this Agreement under Section 8.1(a)(i):

(i)the Investor may declare, by notice to the Company, all outstanding obligations by the Company under the Transaction Documents
to be due and payable (including, without limitation, the immediate repayment of any Outstanding Principal Amount under the Note plus
accrued but unpaid interest) without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind all of which are expressly waived by
the Company, anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document notwithstanding; and

(ii)the Company must within five (5) Business Days of such notice being received, pay to the Investor in immediately available funds
the Outstanding Principal Amount for the Note plus all accrued interest thereon (if any), unless the Investor terminates this Agreement
as a result of an Event of Default and provided that (A) subsequent to the termination under Section 8.1(a)(i), the Investor is
not prohibited by Law or otherwise from exercising its conversion rights pursuant to this Agreement or the Note, (B) the Investor actually
exercises its conversion rights under this Agreement or the Note, and (C) the Company otherwise complies in all respects with its obligation
to issue Conversion Shares in accordance with the Note (which obligation will survive termination).

(c)Upon termination of this Agreement, the Investor will not be required to fund any further amount after the date of termination
of the Agreement, provided that termination will not affect any undischarged obligation under this Agreement, and any obligation of the
Company to pay or repay any amounts owing to the Investor hereunder and which have not been repaid at the time of termination.

(d)Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the terms and
provisions of this Agreement or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other Party of its obligations
under this Agreement.

9.REGISTRATION RIGHTS

9.1Registration.

(a)Registration Statement. Promptly, but in any event no later than March 10, 2025, the Company shall prepare and file with
the SEC a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Investor Shares. The foregoing Registration Statement shall be filed
on Form S-3, or if Form S-3 is not available to the Company, Form S-1 or any successor forms thereto. The Registration Statement (and
each amendment or supplement thereto, and each request for acceleration of effectiveness thereof) shall be provided to the Investor and
its counsel at least five (5) Business Days prior to its filing or other submission and the Company shall incorporate all reasonable comments
provided by the Investor or its counsel.

(b)Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Company will pay all fees and expenses incident to the performance
of or compliance with this Section 9, including all fees and expenses associated with effecting the registration of the Investor
Shares, including all filing and printing fees, the Companys counsel and accounting fees and expenses, costs associated with clearing
the Investor Shares for sale under applicable state securities laws, listing fees, fees and expenses of one counsel to the Investor and
the Investors reasonable expenses in connection with the registration, but excluding discounts, commissions, fees of underwriters,
selling brokers, dealer managers or similar securities industry professionals with respect to the Investor Shares being sold.

(c)Effectiveness. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
as soon as practicable after filing thereof but in no event later than the date that is sixty (60) days following the Closing Date. The
Company shall notify the Investor by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours, after the Registration
Statement is declared effective and shall simultaneously provide the Investor with copies of any related Prospectus to be used in connection
with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby.

(d)Piggyback Registration Rights. If the Company at any time determines to file a registration statement under the 1933 Act
to register the offer and sale, by the Company, of shares of Common Stock (other than (y) on Form S-4 or Form S-8 under the 1933 Act or
any successor forms thereto, or (z) a registration of securities solely relating to an offering and sale to employees or directors of
the Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit plan arrangement), the Company shall, as soon as reasonably
practicable, give written notice to the Investor of its intention to so register the offer and sale of shares of Common Stock and, upon
the written request, given within five (5) Business Days after delivery of any such notice by the Company, of the Investor to include
in such registration the Investor Shares (which request shall specify the number of Investor Shares proposed to be included in such registration),
the Company shall cause all such Investor Shares to be included in such registration statement on the same terms and conditions as the
shares of Common Stock otherwise being sold pursuant to such registered offering.

9.2Company Obligations. The Company will use its efforts to effect the registration of the Investor Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof, and pursuant thereto the Company will, as expeditiously as possible:

(a)use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective and to remain continuously effective
for a period that will terminate upon the first date on which all Investor Shares are either covered by the Registration Statement or
may be sold without restriction, including volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, pursuant to Rule 144 or have been sold by the Investor
(the Effectiveness Period);

(b)prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective for the Effectiveness Period and to comply with the provisions
of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act with respect to the distribution of all of the Investor Shares covered thereby;

(c)provide copies to and permit counsel designated by the Investor to review all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement
no fewer than three (3) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC and not file any document to which such counsel reasonably objects;

(d)to the extent not publicly available on the SECs EDGAR filing system, furnish to the Investor and its legal counsel, without
charge, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and publicly distributed, filed with the SEC, or received by the Company (but not later
than two (2) Business Days after the filing date, receipt date or sending date, as the case may be) one copy of the Registration Statement
and any amendment thereto, each preliminary prospectus and Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, and each letter written
by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC,
in each case relating to the Registration Statement (other than any portion of any thereof which contains information for which the Company
has sought confidential treatment), and (ii) such number of copies of a Prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, and all amendments
and supplements thereto and such other documents as the Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the
Investor Shares that are covered by the related Registration Statement;

(e)immediately notify the Investor of any request by the SEC for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement or Prospectus
or for additional information;

(f)use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and,
(ii) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order at the earliest possible moment and notify the Company of the issuance
of any such order and the resolution thereof, or its receipt of notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose;

(g)prior to any public offering of Investor Shares, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with
the Investor and its counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Investor Shares for offer and sale under the
securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions requested by the Investor and do any and all other commercially reasonable acts or things
necessary or advisable to enable the distribution in such jurisdictions of the Investor covered by the Registration Statement and the
Company shall promptly notify the Investor of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of
any of such Investor Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions or its receipt of notice of the initiation
or threat of any proceeding for such purpose;

(h)immediately notify the Investor, at any time prior to the end of the Effectiveness Period, upon discovery that, or upon the happening
of any event as a result of which, the Registration Statement or Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of the Prospectus,
in light of the circumstances in which they were made), and promptly prepare, file with the SEC and furnish to such holder a supplement
to or an amendment of such Registration Statement or Prospectus as may be necessary so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus
shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of such Prospectus, in light of the circumstances in which they were made);

(i)otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC under the 1933
Act and the 1934 Act;

(j)hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure
of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary
to complete the Registration Statement or to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in the Registration Statement, (iii) the release
of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent
jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement
or any other agreement, and upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental
body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investors
expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information; and

(k)take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of all Investor Shares pursuant
to the Registration Statement.

9.3Indemnification.

(a)Indemnification by the Company. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Investor Parties, from and against any
Losses to which they may become subject under the 1933 Act or otherwise, arising out of, relating to or based upon: (i) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary Prospectus, final Prospectus
or other document, including any Blue Sky Application (as defined below), or any amendment or supplement thereof or any omission or alleged
omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or, in the case of the Registration Statement, necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading or, in the case of any preliminary Prospectus, final Prospectus or other document, necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading; (ii) any Blue Sky Application or other document executed
by the Company specifically for that purpose or based upon written information furnished by the Company filed in any state or other jurisdiction
in order to qualify any or all of the Investor Shares under the securities laws thereof (any such application, document or information
herein called a Blue Sky Application); (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or its agents of the
1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any similar federal or state law or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company
or its agents and relating to any action or inaction required of the Company in connection with the registration or the offer or sale
of the Investor Shares pursuant to any Registration Statement; or (iv) any failure to register or qualify the Investor Shares included
in any such Registration Statement in any state where the Company or its agents has affirmatively undertaken or agreed in writing that
the Company will undertake such registration or qualification on the Investors behalf and will reimburse the Investor Parties for
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such Losses; provided,
however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case if and to the extent, but only to the extent, that any such Losses arise
out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission so made in conformity with information
furnished by the Investor or any such controlling Person in writing specifically for use in such Registration Statement or Prospectus.

(b)Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt notice to
the indemnifying party of any claim, action, suit or proceeding with respect to which it seeks indemnification following such Persons
receipt of, or such Person otherwise become aware of, the commencement of such claim, action, suit or proceeding and (ii) permit such
indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim, action, suit or proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified
party; provided, however, that any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to
participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Person unless (A)
the indemnifying party has agreed to pay such fees or expenses, (B) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of
such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Person or (C) in the reasonable judgment of any such Person, based upon
written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such Person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims
(in which case, if the Person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such Person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense
of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such Person);
and provided, further, that the failure or delay of any indemnified party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying
party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure or delay to give notice shall materially adversely affect the
indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection
with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for
all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment
or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified
party of a release from all liability in respect of such claim or litigation.

(c)Contribution. If for any reason the indemnification provided for in the preceding paragraph (a) is unavailable to an indemnified
party or insufficient to hold it harmless, other than as expressly specified therein, the indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount
paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such Losses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the indemnified party and the indemnifying party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. No Person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act shall be entitled to contribution from any Person not guilty of
such fraudulent misrepresentation. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any other rights
or remedies that any indemnified party may have under applicable law, by separate agreement or otherwise.

10.RIGHTS TO FUTURE STOCK ISSUANCES. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 10 and applicable
securities laws, if at any time prior to the second anniversary of the Closing, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries proposes to offer
or sell any New Securities (a Subsequent Financing), the Company shall first offer the Investor the opportunity to
purchase up to twenty percent (20%) of such New Securities. The Investor shall be entitled to apportion the right of first offer hereby
granted to it in such proportions as it deems appropriate among itself and its Affiliates.

10.1The Company shall give notice (the Offer Notice) to the Investor, stating (a) its (or a Subsidiarys,
as applicable) bona fide intention to offer such New Securities, (b) the number of such New Securities to be offered, and (c) the price
and terms, if any, upon which it proposes to offer such New Securities.

10.2By notification to the Company within one (1) day after the date the Offer Notice is given (the Notice Termination
Time), the Investor may elect to purchase or otherwise acquire, at the price and on the terms specified in the Offer Notice,
up to twenty percent (20%) of such New Securities. If the Company receives no such notice from the Investor as of such Notice Termination
Time, the Investor shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate in such Subsequent Financing. The
closing of any sale pursuant to this Section 10 shall occur within three (3) days of the earlier of (a) the date that the Offer
Notice is given and (b) the date of initial sale of New Securities pursuant to Section 10.3.

10.3The Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, may, during the three (3) day period following the expiration of the period
provided in Section 10.2, offer and sell the remaining portion of such New Securities to any Person or Persons at a price not less
than, and upon terms no more favorable to the offeree than, those specified in the Offer Notice.

10.4The right of first offer in this Section 10 shall not be applicable to Exempted Securities and shall be in accordance
with all applicable federal and state securities Laws.

11.GENERAL PROVISIONS

11.1Fees and Expenses. Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has paid Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
$25,000. At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse the Investor up to an additional $25,000 in the aggregate of due diligence costs
and fees and disbursements of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP in connection with the preparation of the Transaction Documents, it being
understood that Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP has not rendered any legal advice to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and that the Company has relied for such matters on the advice of its own counsel. Except as specified above, each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party
incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the
Company and any exercise notice delivered by the Investor), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery
of any Securities to the Investor.

11.2Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via email at the email address specified in this Section prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Business Day, (b) the next
Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address specified in
this Section on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m. (New
York time) on such date, (c) the Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service,
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. Subject to Section 11.4, the address for such
notices and communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company:

Red Cat Holdings, Inc.

15 Ave. Munoz Rivera, Ste. 2200

San Juan, PR 00901

Telephone: (833) 373-3228

Email: jeff@redcat.red

Attention: Jeffrey M. Thompson

With a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Email: Sam.pelletier@redcat.red

Attention: Sam Pelletier

and

The Crone Law Group, P.C.

1 East Liberty St., Sutie 600

Reno, NV 89501

Email: jlaxague@cronelawgroup.com

Attn: Joe Laxague

If to the Investor:

Lind Global Asset Management XI LLC

c/o The Lind Partners LLC

444 Madison Avenue, Floor 41

New York, NY 10022

Telephone: (646) 395-3931

Email: jeaston@thelindpartners.com and

notice@thelindpartners.com

Attention: Jeff Easton

With a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP

One Federal Street

Boston, MA 02110

Telephone: (617) 341-7269

Email: bryan.keighery@morganlewis.com

Attention: Bryan S. Keighery

or such other address as may be designated
in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such Person.

11.3Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive
in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable
to the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not in any way
be affected or impaired thereby.

11.4Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of
Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws or choice of laws.

11.5Jurisdiction and Venue. Any action, proceeding or claim arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement
shall be brought and enforced in the state or federal courts located in New Castle County, Delaware. The Company and the Investor irrevocably
submit to the jurisdiction of such courts, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive, and hereby waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Each party hereto agrees that it may be served with legal process in the State of
Delaware at the following address: (a) for the Investor, c/o Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware
19808 and (b) for the Company, c/o Vcorp Services, LLC, 1013 Centre Road, Suite 403-B, Wilmington, Delaware 19805. The prevailing party
in any such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable and documented attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses relating
to such action or proceeding.

11.6WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL. THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.

11.7Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing
and the delivery of the Securities.

11.8Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the Exhibits and Schedules thereto, contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

11.9Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed
by the Company and the Investor. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right.

11.10Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall
not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen
by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall
be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party
by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

11.11Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by, the Company and the Investor and their respective successors and assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights
or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor. The Investor may assign any or all of its rights under this
Agreement to any Person to whom the Investor assigns or transfers any Securities, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound,
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions hereof that apply to the Investor and such transferee is an
accredited investor.

11.12No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

11.13Further Assurances. Each party hereto shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further
acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party
may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11.14Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two identical counterparts, both of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
Signature pages delivered by facsimile or e-mail shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.

11.15Specific Performance. The Company acknowledges that monetary damages alone would not be adequate compensation
to the Investor for a breach by the Company of this Agreement and the Investor may seek an injunction or an order for specific performance
from a court of competent jurisdiction if (a) the Company fails to comply or threatens not to comply with this Agreement or (b) the Investor
has reason to believe that the Company will not comply with this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned have executed this Securities Purchase Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: INVESTOR:

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC. LIND
GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT XI LLC

By:____________________________ By:____________________________

Name: Name: Jeff Easton

Title: Title: Authorized Person

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF NOTE

[See attached]

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF WARRANT

[See attached]

EXHIBIT D

FLOW OF FUNDS REQUEST

Red Cat Holdings, Inc. Securities Purchase Agreement Flow
of Funds Request

In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 10,
2025 (the Agreement) between Red Cat Holdings, Inc. (the Company) and Lind Global Asset Management XI LLC
(the Investor), the Company irrevocably authorizes the Investor to distribute such funds as set out below, in the manner
set out below, at the Closing.

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this letter will have
the meaning given to such terms in the Agreement.

Item Amount

Commitment Fee $[]

Total $[]

Please transfer the net amount of US $[]
due at the Closing, to the following bank account:

Routing #: []

Account # []

FBO: []

[]

[]

Bank: []

[]

[]

Yours sincerely,

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name

Title
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8kexh10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT
BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS NOTE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION.

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.

Form of Senior
Secured

Convertible Promissory

Note due February 10, 2026

Note No. [] $16,500,000

Dated: February 10, 2025 (the Issuance Date) 

For value received, RED CAT HOLDINGS,
INC., a Nevada corporation (the Maker or the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of
Lind Global Asset Management XI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its successors and representatives, the Holder),
in accordance with the terms hereinafter provided, the principal amount of SIXTEEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($16,500,000)
(the Principal Amount).

All payments under or pursuant
to this Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (this Note) shall be
made in United States Dollars in immediately available funds to the Holder at the address of the Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement
(as hereinafter defined) or at such other place as the Holder may designate from time to time in writing to the Maker or by wire transfer
of funds to the Holders account, instructions for which are attached hereto as Exhibit
A. The Outstanding Principal Amount of this Note shall be due and payable on February 10, 2026 (the Maturity
Date) or at such earlier time as provided herein; provided, that the Holder, in its sole discretion, may extend the Maturity
Date to any date after the original Maturity Date. In the event that the Maturity Date shall fall on Saturday or Sunday, such Maturity
Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. All calculations made pursuant to this Note shall be rounded down to two decimal places.

ARTICLE
1 

1.1Purchase Agreement. This Note has
been executed and delivered pursuant to
the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as
of February 10, 2025 (as the same may be
amended from time to time, the Purchase Agreement), by and between
the Maker and the Holder. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
for such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

1.2Interest. Other than as set forth in Section 2.2 herein, this Note shall not
bear interest.

1.3[RESERVED]

1.4Prepayment.

1.4.1After the earlier to occur of (a) the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC or (b) the date that any
shares issued pursuant to this Note may be immediately resold under Rule 144 without restriction on the number of shares to be sold or
manner of sale, the Maker may repay all, but not less than all, of the then Outstanding Principal Amount upon delivering a Prepayment
Notice on any Business Day (a Prepayment Date), for an amount equal to the Prepayment Amount.

1.4.2If the Maker elects to prepay this Note pursuant to this Section 1.4, the Holder shall have the right, upon written notice
to the Maker (a Prepayment Conversion Notice) within five (5) Business Days of the Holders receipt of a Prepayment
Notice, to convert up to twenty five percent (25%) of the Principal Amount (the Maximum Amount) at the lesser of
the Repayment Share Price (but only if the Repayment Share Price is equal to or greater than Two Dollars ($2.00) or the Conversion Price
(as defined below), in accordance with the provisions of Article 3, specifying the Principal Amount (up to the Maximum Amount) that the
Holder will convert. Upon delivery of a Prepayment Notice, the Maker irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, within five (5) Business
Days of receiving a Prepayment Conversion Notice, and if no Prepayment Conversion Notice is received, within ten (10) Business Days of
delivery of a Prepayment Notice: (i) repay the amount of the Prepayment Amount minus the Principal Amount set forth in the Prepayment
Conversion Notice and (ii) issue the applicable Conversion Shares to the Holder in accordance with Article 3, as applicable. The foregoing
notwithstanding, the Maker may not deliver a Prepayment Notice with respect to any Outstanding Principal Amount that is subject to a Conversion
Notice delivered by the Holder in accordance with Article 3.

1.5Delisting from a Trading Market. If at any time the Common Stock ceases to be listed on a Trading Market, (i) the Holder
may deliver a demand for payment to the Company and, if such a demand is delivered, the Company shall, within ten (10) Business Days following
receipt of the demand for payment from the Holder, pay all of the Outstanding Principal Amount or (ii) the Holder may, at its election,
after the six-month anniversary of the Issuance Date or earlier if a Registration Statement covering the Conversion Shares has been declared
effective, upon notice to the Company in accordance with Section 5.1, convert all or a portion of the Outstanding Principal
Amount and the Conversion Price shall be adjusted to the lower of (A) the then-current Conversion Price and (A) eighty-five percent (85%)
of the average of the three (3) lowest daily VWAPs during the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to delivery by the Holder of its notice of
conversion pursuant to this Section 1.5.

1.6Payment on Non-Business Days. Whenever any payment to be made shall be due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment
may be due on the next succeeding Business Day.

1.7Transfer. This Note may be transferred or sold, subject to the
provisions of Section 5.8 of this Note, or pledged, hypothecated or otherwise
granted as security by the Holder.

1.8Replacement. Upon receipt of a duly executed
and notarized written statement from the Holder with respect to the loss,
theft or destruction of this Note (or any replacement hereof), or, in the case of a mutilation of this Note, upon surrender and
cancellation of such Note, the Maker shall issue a new Note, of like tenor and amount, in lieu of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated
Note.

1.9Use of Proceeds. The Maker shall use the proceeds of this Note as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

1.10Status of Noteand Security Interest.
The obligations of the Maker under this Note shall be senior to all other existing Indebtedness and equity of the Company. Upon any Liquidation
Event (as hereinafter defined), the Holder will be entitled to receive, before any distribution or payment is made upon, or set apart
with respect to, any Indebtedness of the Maker, or any class of capital stock of the Maker, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal
Amount. For purposes of this Note, Liquidation Event means a liquidation pursuant to a filing of a petition for bankruptcy
under applicable law or any other insolvency or debtors relief, an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Maker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent after the date hereof
the Maker desires to enter into a Permitted Financing Arrangement, upon the execution and delivery of the applicable Subordination Agreement
relating thereto, the Holders security interest in the applicable Excluded Assets shall be subordinated to the extent provided
in the relevant Subordination Agreement(s). This Note shall be considered a Transaction Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
and as a Supplemental Loan Document (as defined in the Security Documents).

1.11Secured Note; Guarantee. The full amount of this Note is (a) secured by the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement)
identified and described as security therefor in the Security Agreement (the Collateral); (b) guaranteed by the Guarantors;
and (c) secured by the Collateral (as defined in the Guarantor Security Agreement) identified and described as security therefor in the
Guarantor Security Agreement (the Guarantor Collateral). .

ARTICLE
2 

2.1Events of Default. An Event of Default under this Note shall mean the occurrence of any of the events
defined in the Purchase Agreement, and any of the additional events described below:

(a)any default in the payment of (i) the Principal
Amount or any accrued and unpaid interest hereunder when due, or any principal or interest owing under
any other Note; or (ii) liquidated damages in respect of this Note or any other Note as and when the same shall become due
and payable (whether on the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise), provided, to the extent the Investor demands repayment of
the entire Outstanding Principal Balance under this Note (which, for the avoidance of doubt does not include the Outstanding Principal
Balance becoming automatically due and payable as a result of any Event of Default as described in clauses (j) and (k) below), and so
long as no other creditor has taken any remedial action against the Company or any Subsidiary, the Investor shall not exercise its remedies
against the Company for ten (10) days from the date of such demand;

(b)Reserved;

(c)the Makers notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its inability to comply (including
for any of the reasons
described in Section 3.6(a) hereof) or its
intention not to comply
with proper requests for conversion of this
Note into shares of Common Stock;

(d)the Maker shall fail to (i) timely deliver the shares of Common Stock as and when required in Section 3.2; or (ii) make
the payment of any fees and/or liquidated damages under this Note, the Purchase Agreement or the other Transaction Documents;

(e)the Maker or any Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform, or any other default shall be made in the performance or observance
of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Note, the Purchase Agreement or
any other Transaction Document that is not covered by any other provisions of this Section 2.1, which failure shall continue and
remain uncured for a period of ten (10) or more days;

(f)at any time the
Maker shall fail to have
a sufficient number of shares
of Common Stock authorized, reserved and available for issuance to satisfy the potential conversion in full (disregarding for this
purpose any and all limitations of any
kind on such conversion)
of this Note or upon exercise of the Warrant, which
failure shall continue and remain uncured for a period of ten (10) or more days;

(g)any representation or warranty made by the Maker or any of its Subsidiaries herein or in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, the
Warrant or any other Transaction Document shall prove to have been false or incorrect or breached in a material respect on the date as
of which made;

(h)unless otherwise approved in writing in advance by the Holder, the Maker shall, or shall announce an intention to pursue or consummate
a Change of Control, or a Change of Control shall be consummated,
or the Maker shall negotiate, propose or enter into
any agreement, understanding or arrangement with
respect to any Change of Control;

(i)the Maker or any of its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation any Guarantor) shall (A) default in any payment of any amount
or amounts of principal of or interest (if any) on any Indebtedness other than the
Indebtedness hereunder (Other Indebtedness), the
aggregate principal amount
of which Other Indebtedness is in excess of
$250,000 or (B) default
in the observance or performance
of any other agreement or condition
relating to any such Other Indebtedness or
contained in any instrument or agreement
evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other
event shall occur or condition
exist, the effect of which default or other
event or condition is to cause, or to permit
the holder or holders or beneficiary
or beneficiaries of such Other Indebtedness to cause with the giving of notice if required,
such Other Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity, provided that such default under the Other Indebtedness shall continue
and remain uncured beyond any applicable grace or cure periods provided therein, however: (a) upon any maturity (whether by acceleration
or otherwise) of any obligations under any Other Indebtedness, the Holder shall have the right to declare all amounts and other obligations
due under any Transaction Document to be immediately due and payable (at which point all such amounts and obligations shall be immediately
due and payable); and (b) in the event that the holder of the Other Indebtedness has declared all or any portion of the obligations owing
thereunder due and payable and then the applicable default giving rise to such amounts becoming due and payable under the Other Indebtedness
is cured or waived in writing and the holder(s) of such Other Indebtedness have fully rescinded the acceleration of the maturity of all
or any portion of the obligations arising under the Other Indebtedness which had been accelerated such that the obligations with respect
to such Other Indebtedness are no longer due and payable and are due and payable in accordance with the terms prior to the occurrence
of any default thereunder, to the extent the Holder has declared all amounts and other obligations under any Transaction to be immediately
due solely as a result of a default occurring under this clause (i) and so long as no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
the acceleration of the Maturity Date under this Note shall also be rescinded (provided, the Investor shall have no liability to the Company
or any Subsidiary for any remedial actions taken by the Investor which commenced prior to such recission);

(j)the Maker or any of its Subsidiaries (including,
without limitation any Guarantor) shall: (i) apply for
or consent to the appointment of, or the taking
of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all
or a substantial part of its property or assets; (ii) make a general assignment for
the benefit of its creditors; (iii) commence
a voluntary case under the United States Bankruptcy Code (as
now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction (foreign
or domestic); (iv) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or other similar
law affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; (v) acquiesce in writing to any petition filed against it in an involuntary
case under United States Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or
domestic); (vi) issue a notice of bankruptcy or winding down of its operations or issue a press release regarding same; or (vii) take
any action under the laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) analogous to any of the
foregoing;

(k)a proceeding or case shall be commenced in respect of the Maker or any of its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation any Guarantor),
without its application or consent, in any court
of competent jurisdiction, seeking: (i)
the liquidation, reorganization, moratorium, dissolution, winding up,
or composition or
readjustment of its debts; (ii) the appointment
of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like
of it or of all or any substantial part of its
assets in connection with the liquidation or dissolution of the Maker or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iii) similar relief in respect
of it under any law providing for the relief of debtors, and such proceeding or case described
in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of forty-five (45) days or any order
for relief shall be entered in an involuntary case under United States Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable
laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) against the Maker or any of its Subsidiaries or action under
the laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or
domestic) analogous to any of the foregoing shall be
taken with respect to the Maker or any of its
Subsidiaries and shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect for a period of forty-five (45) days;

(l)there is entered against the Company or any Subsidiary (i) a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate
amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding $4,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to
which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied or failed to acknowledge coverage), or (ii) a non-monetary
final judgment or order that, either individually or in the aggregate, has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there
is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise,
is not in effect;

(m)the failure of the Maker to instruct its transfer agent to remove any legends from shares of Common Stock and issue such
unlegended certificates to the Holder
within two (2) Trading Days
of the Holders request so
long as the
Holder has provided
reasonable assurances to the Maker that such shares of Common Stock can be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 or any other applicable exemption;

(n)the Makers shares of Common Stock are no longer publicly traded or cease to be listed
on the Trading Market or, after the six month anniversary of the Issuance Date, any Investor Shares may not be immediately resold
under Rule 144 without restriction on the number of shares to be sold or manner of sale, unless such Investor Shares have been registered
for resale under the 1933 Act and may be sold without restriction;

(o)the Maker proposes to or does consummate a going
private transaction as a result of which the
Common Stock will no longer be registered under
Sections 12(b) or 12(g) of the 1934 Act;

(p)there shall be any
SEC or judicial stop
trade order or trading suspension stop-order
or any restriction
in place with
the transfer agent for the Common Stock restricting the trading of such Common Stock,
which shall continue and remain uncured for a period of ten (10) or more days;

(q)the Depository Trust Company places any restrictions on transactions in the Common Stock or the Common Stock is no longer tradeable
through the Depository Trust Company Fast Automated Securities Transfer program;

(r)the Company fails to file any report or filing required to be filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, if such failure
results in a Material Adverse Effect;

(s)the Companys Market Capitalization is below $50 million for twenty (20) consecutive days; or

(t)the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect in respect of the Maker, or the Maker and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

For the avoidance of doubt,
any default pursuant to clause (s) above shall not permit the Holder to accelerate the payment of the Outstanding Principal Balance in
cash pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(1) below.

2.2Remedies Upon an Event of Default.

(a)Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Maker shall be obligated to pay to the Holder the Mandatory Default Amount, which
Mandatory Default Amount shall be earned by the Holder on the date the Event of Default giving rise thereto occurs and shall be due and
payable on the earlier to occur of the Maturity Date, upon conversion, redemption or prepayment of this Note or the date on which all
amounts owing hereunder have been accelerated in accordance with the terms hereof.

(b)Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Maker shall, as promptly as possible but in
any event within one (1) Business Day of such Event of Default, notify the Holder of the occurrence of such Event of Default,
describing the event or factual situation giving rise to the Event of Default and specifying the relevant subsection or subsections
of Section 2.1 hereof under which such Event of Default has occurred.

(c)Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Holder may at any time at its option (1) declare the
Mandatory Default Amount due and payable, and thereupon, the same shall be accelerated and so due and payable, without presentment, demand,
protest or notice, all of which are hereby expressly unconditionally and irrevocably waived by the Maker and (2) exercise all other rights
and remedies available to it under the Transaction Documents; provided, however, that
(x) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described above, the Holder, in its sole and absolute discretion, may: (a) from time-to-time
demand that all or a portion of the Outstanding Principal Amount be converted into
shares of Common Stock at the lower of (i) the then-current Conversion Price and (ii)
eighty-five percent (85%) of the average of the three (3) lowest daily VWAPs during the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the delivery
by the Holder of the applicable notice of conversion or (b) exercise or otherwise enforce any one or more of the Holders rights,
powers, privileges, remedies and interests under
this Note, the Purchase Agreement, the other Transaction
Documents or applicable law and (y) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described
in Section 2.1(j) or 2.1(k) above, the Mandatory Default Amount shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Maker. No course of
delay on the part of the Holder
shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise
prejudice the rights of the Holder. No remedy
conferred hereby shall be exclusive of any other remedy referred to herein or now or hereafter available at law, in
equity, by statute or otherwise.

ARTICLE
3 

3.1Conversion.

(a)Conversion. Commencing on the earlier of (i) the date that is sixty (60) days from the Issuance Date and (ii) the date that
the Registration Statement is declared effective, but in no event sooner than the date that is thirty (30) days from the Issuance Date,
this Note shall be convertible (in whole or in part), at the option of the Holder, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Common Stock as is determined by dividing (x) that portion of the Outstanding Principal Amount that the Holder elects to convert (the
Conversion Amount) by (y) the lower of (Y) the Conversion Price then in effect on the date (the Conversion
Date) on which the Holder delivers a notice of conversion and (Z) the Repayment Share Price, in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Conversion Notice), in accordance with Section 5.1 to the Maker; provided,
that the Holder may not convert more than One Million Six Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,650,000) in any calendar month without the
Makers written consent. Within one (1) Business Day of receipt of a Conversion Notice, if the Repayment Share Price for such conversion
is below the Conversion Price, the Maker may elect in writing to the Holder, in lieu of issuing Conversion Shares, to pay the applicable
Conversion Amount in cash in an amount equal to such Conversion Amount multiplied by 1.025, which payment shall be made within two (2)
Business Days of the date of the Conversion Notice. The Holder shall deliver this Note to the Maker at the address designated in the Purchase
Agreement at such time that this Note is fully converted. With respect to partial conversions of this Note, the Maker shall keep written
records of the amount of this Note converted as of the Conversion Date.

(b)Conversion Price. The Conversion
Price means$16.15 and shall be subject
to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)Cash Payment. At the option of the Holder, if in connection with a conversion under this Note, the Repayment Share Price
is deemed to be the Floor Price, then in addition to issuing the Conversion Shares at the Floor Price, the Maker will also pay to the
Holder, by the applicable Share Delivery Date (as defined below), a cash amount equal to the following formula:

(A B) x C

Where:

A = Number of shares
of Common Stock that would be issued to the Holder in connection with such conversion determined by dividing the Conversion Amount by
ninety percent (90%) of the average of the five (5) lowest daily VWAPs during the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the applicable Conversion
Date (notwithstanding the Floor Price);

B = Number of Conversion
Shares issued to the Holder in connection with such Conversion Date; and

C = the VWAP on the
Conversion Date.

3.2Delivery of Conversion Shares. As soon as practicable after the occurrence of any event requiring the issuance of Conversion
Shares, and in any event within two (2) Business Days thereafter (such date, the Share Delivery Date), the Maker
shall, at its expense, cause to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder, or as the Holder may direct, the number of fully
paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled, in such denominations as may be requested by the
Holder, which certificate or certificates shall be free of restrictive and trading legends, except for any such legends as may be required
under the 1933 Act. The Company shall cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit such shares of Common Stock issuable to the
Holder (or its designee), by crediting the account of the Holders (or such designees) broker with the Depository Trust Company
(DTC) through its Deposit and Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system (provided that the same
time periods herein as for stock certificates shall apply) as instructed by the Holder (or its designee); provided, that such issuance
shall only be made through DTCs DWAC system if such Conversion Shares will be issued free of restrictive legends. If such Conversion
Shares will be issued subject to legends required under the 1933 Act, such Conversion Shares will be issued to the Holder in book entry
at the Makers transfer agent.

3.3Ownership Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Holder shall not be entitled to receive shares
representing Equity Interests upon conversion of this Note to the extent (but only to the extent) that such exercise or receipt would
cause the Holder Group (as defined below) to become, directly or indirectly, a beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section
13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) of a number of Equity Interests of a class that is registered
under the 1934 Act which exceeds the Maximum Percentage (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of the Equity Interests of such class that
are outstanding at such time. Any purported delivery of Equity Interests in connection with the conversion of this Note prior to the termination
of this restriction in accordance herewith shall be void and have no effect to the extent (but only to the extent) that such delivery
would result in the Holder Group becoming the beneficial owner of more than the Maximum Percentage of the Equity Interests of a class
that is registered under the 1934 Act that is outstanding at such time. If any delivery of Equity Interests owed to the Holder following
conversion of this Note is not made, in whole or in part, as a result of this limitation, the Companys obligation to make such
delivery shall not be extinguished and the Company shall deliver such Equity Interests as promptly as practicable after the Holder gives
notice to the Company that such delivery would not result in such limitation being triggered or upon termination of the restriction in
accordance with the terms hereof. To the extent limitations contained in this Section 3.3 apply, the determination of whether this
Note is convertible and of which portion of this Note is convertible shall be the sole responsibility and in the sole determination of
the Holder, and the submission of a notice of conversion shall be deemed to constitute the Holders determination that the issuance
of the full number of Conversion Shares requested in the notice of conversion is permitted hereunder, and the Company shall not have any
obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For purposes of this Section 3.3, (i) the term Maximum
Percentage shall mean 4.99%; provided, that if at any time after the date hereof the Holder Group beneficially owns in excess
of 4.99% of any class of Equity Interests in the Company that is registered under the 1934 Act, then the Maximum Percentage shall automatically
increase to 9.99% so long as the Holder Group owns in excess of 4.99% of such class of Equity Interests (and shall, for the avoidance
of doubt, automatically decrease to 4.99% upon the Holder Group ceasing to own in excess of 4.99% of such class of Equity Interests);
and (ii) the term Holder Group shall mean the Holder plus any other Person with which the Holder is considered to
be part of a group under Section 13 of the 1934 Act or with which the Holder otherwise files reports under Sections 13 and/or 16
of the 1934 Act. In determining the number of Equity Interests of a particular class outstanding at any point in time, the Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding Equity Interests of such class as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (z) a more recent notice by the Company or its transfer agent to the Holder setting forth the number of Equity Interests of such class
then outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day
of such request, confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Equity Interests of any class then outstanding. The provisions
of this Section 3.3 shall be construed, corrected and implemented in a manner so as to effectuate the intended beneficial ownership
limitation herein contained.[1]

3.4Adjustment of Conversion Price.

(a)Until the Note has been paid in full or converted in full, the Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
as follows (but shall not be increased, other than pursuant to Section 3.4(a)(i) hereof):

(i)Adjustments for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Maker shall at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date
(but whether before or after the Issuance Date) effect a split or other subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock, the applicable Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to the stock or share split shall be proportionately decreased.
If the Maker shall at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date (but whether before or after the Issuance Date), combine the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, the applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the combination shall be proportionately
increased. Any adjustments under this Section 3.4(a)(i) shall be effective at the close of business on the date the stock split
or combination occurs.

(ii)Adjustments for Certain Dividends and Distributions. If the Maker shall at any time or from time to time after the Closing
Date (but whether before or after the Issuance Date) make or issue or set a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, then, and in each event, the applicable Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such event shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such record date shall
have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the applicable Conversion Price then in effect by a fraction:

[1]
Note to draft: Parties to confirm blocker percentage.

(1)the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time
of such issuance or the close of business on such record date; and

(2)the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time
of such issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend
or distribution.

(iii)Adjustment for Other Dividends and Distributions. If the Maker shall at any time or from time to time after the Closing
Date (but whether before or after the Issuance Date) make or issue or set a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock
entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in other than shares of Common Stock, then, and in each event, an appropriate
revision to the applicable Conversion Price shall be made and provision shall be made (by adjustments of the Conversion Price or otherwise)
so that the Holder of this Note shall receive upon conversions thereof, in addition to the number of shares of Common Stock receivable
thereon, the number of securities of the Maker or other issuer (as applicable) or cash or other property that it would have received had
this Note been converted into Common Stock in full (without regard to any conversion limitations herein) on the date of such event and
had thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including the Conversion Date, retained such securities (together
with any distributions payable thereon during such period) or assets, giving application to all adjustments called for during such period
under this Section 3.4(a)(iii) with respect to the rights of the holders of this Note; provided,
however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not
fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment
of such dividends or distributions.

(iv)Adjustments for Reclassification, Exchange or Substitution. If the Common Stock at any time or from time to time after the
Closing Date (but whether before or after the Issuance Date) shall be changed to the same or different number of shares or other securities
of any class or classes of stock or other property, whether by reclassification, exchange, substitution or otherwise (other than by way
of a stock split or combination of shares or stock dividends provided for in Sections 3.4(a)(i),
(ii) and (iii) hereof, or a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale of assets provided for in Section 3.4(a)(vii) hereof),
then, and in each event, an appropriate revision to the Conversion Price shall be made and provisions shall be made (by adjustments of
the Conversion Price or otherwise) so that the Holder shall have the right thereafter to convert this Note into the kind and amount of
shares of stock or other securities or other property receivable upon reclassification, exchange, substitution or other change, by holders
of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Note might have been converted immediately prior to such reclassification, exchange,
substitution or other change, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(v)Adjustments for Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. Except for Exempted Securities, in the event the Maker shall
at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date (but whether before or after the Issuance Date) issue or sell any additional shares
of Common Stock (Additional Shares of Common Stock) at an effective price per share that is less than
the Conversion Price then in effect or without consideration, then the Conversion Price upon each such issuance shall be reduced to a
price equal to the consideration per share paid for such Additional Shares of Common Stock. For purposes of clarification, the amount
of consideration received for such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall not include the value of any additional securities or other
rights received in connection with such issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock (i.e. warrants, rights of first refusal or other
similar rights).

(vi)Issuance, Amendment or Adjustment of Common Stock Equivalents. Except for Exempted
Securities, if (x) the Maker, at any time after the Closing Date (but whether before or after the Issuance Date), shall issue any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, directly or indirectly, Common Stock (Convertible Securities),
or any rights or warrants or options to purchase any such Common Stock or Convertible Securities, (collectively with the Convertible Securities,
the Common Stock Equivalents) and the price per share for which shares of Common Stock may be issuable pursuant to
any such Common Stock Equivalent shall be less than the applicable Conversion Price then in effect, or (y) the price per
share for which shares of Common Stock may be issuable under any Common Stock Equivalents is amended or adjusted, pursuant to the terms
of such Common Stock Equivalents or otherwise, and such price as so amended or adjusted shall be less than the Conversion Price in effect
at the time of such amendment or adjustment, then, in each such case (x) or (y), the Conversion Price upon each such issuance or amendment
or adjustment shall be adjusted as provided in subsection (v) of this Section 3.4(a) as if the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock Equivalents had been issued on the date of such issuance or
amendment or adjustment.

(vii)Consideration for Stock. In case any shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents shall be issued or sold:

(1)in connection with any merger or consolidation in which the Maker is the surviving corporation (other than any consolidation or
merger in which the previously outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Maker shall be changed to or exchanged for the stock or other
securities of another corporation), the amount of consideration therefor shall be deemed to be the fair value, as determined reasonably
and in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Maker, of such portion of the assets and business of the nonsurviving corporation as
such Board of Directors may determine to be attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities, rights or warrants or
options, as the case may be; or

(2)in the event of any consolidation or merger of the Maker in which the Maker is not the surviving corporation or in which the previously
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Maker shall be changed into or exchanged for the stock or other securities of another corporation
or other property, or in the event of any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Maker for stock, shares or other securities
or other property of any corporation, the Maker shall be deemed to have issued shares of its Common Stock, at a price per share equal
to the valuation of the Makers Common Stock based on the actual exchange ratio on which the transaction was predicated, as applicable,
and the fair market value on the date of such transaction of all such stock or securities or other property of the other corporation.
If any such calculation results in adjustment of the applicable Conversion Price, or the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Note, the determination of the applicable Conversion Price or the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Note immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or sale, shall be made after giving effect to such adjustment of the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note. In the event Common Stock is issued with other shares or securities or
other assets of the Maker for consideration which covers both, the consideration computed as provided in this Section 3.4(a)(vii)
shall be allocated among such securities and assets as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Maker

(viii)Record Date. In case the Maker shall take record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to
subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities, then the date of the issue or sale of the shares of Common Stock shall
be deemed to be such record date.

(b)No Impairment. The Maker shall not, by amendment of its Organizational Documents or
through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Maker, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 3.4 and in the taking of all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Holder against impairment. In the event the
Holder shall elect to convert this Note as provided herein, the Maker cannot refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone
associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, violation of an agreement to which the Holder is a
party or for any reason whatsoever, unless, an injunction from a court, or notice, restraining and or adjoining conversion of this Note
shall have issued and the Maker posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%)
of the Principal Amount of the Note the Holder has elected to convert, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder (as liquidated damages) in the event it obtains judgment.

(c)Certificates as to Adjustments. Upon occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price or number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note pursuant to this Section 3.4, the Maker at its expense shall promptly
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to the Holder a certificate setting forth such
adjustment and readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Maker shall, upon written
request of the Holder, at any time, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Holder a like certificate setting forth such adjustments and
readjustments, the applicable Conversion Price in effect at the time, and the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any,
of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Maker shall not be obligated to deliver a certificate unless such certificate would reflect an increase or decrease of at least one percent
(1%) of such adjusted amount.

(d)Issue Taxes. The Maker shall pay any and all issue and other taxes, excluding federal, state or local income taxes, that
may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on conversion of this Note pursuant thereto; provided,
however, that the Maker shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting
from any transfer requested by the Holder in connection with any such conversion.

(e)Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of any fractional
shares to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled, the Maker shall pay cash equal such fractional shares multiplied by the Conversion
Price then in effect.

(f)Reservation of Common Stock. The Maker shall at all times while this Note shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available
out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect
the conversion of this Note (disregarding for this purpose any and all limitations of any kind on such conversion). The Maker shall, from
time to time, use all commercially reasonable efforts to increase the authorized number of shares of Common Stock or take other effective
action if at any time the unissued number of authorized shares shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Makers obligations under
this Section3.4(f).

(g)Regulatory Compliance. If any shares of Common Stock to be reserved for the purpose of conversion of this Note require registration
or listing with or approval of any governmental authority, stock exchange or other regulatory body under any federal or state law or regulation
or otherwise before such shares may be validly issued or delivered upon conversion, the Maker shall, at its sole cost and expense, in
good faith and as expeditiously as possible, secure such registration, listing or approval, as the case may be.

(h)Effect of Events Prior to the Issuance Date. If the Issuance Date of this Note is after the Closing Date, then, if the Conversion
Price or any other right of the Holder of this Note would have been adjusted or modified by operation of any provision of this Note had
this Note been issued on the Closing Date, such adjustment or modification shall be deemed to apply to this Note as of the Issuance Date
as if this Note had been issued on the Closing Date.

3.5Prepayment Following a Change of Control.

(a)Mechanics of Prepayment at Option of Holder in Connection with a Change of Control. No sooner than fifteen (15) days prior
to entry into an agreement for a Change of Control nor later
than ten (10) days prior to the
consummation of a Change of Control,
but not prior to the
public announcement of such Change of
Control, the Maker shall deliver written notice (Notice of Change
of Control) to the
Holder. At any time after receipt of a Notice of Change of Control (or, in the event
a Notice of Change of Control is not delivered at least ten (10) days prior to a Change of Control, at any time within ten (10) days prior
to a Change of Control), the Holdermay require
the Maker to
prepay, effective immediately prior to the
consummation of such
Change of Control, an amount equal to 102.5%
of the Outstanding Principal Amount (the COC Repayment Price), by delivering written notice thereof (Notice
of Prepayment at Option of Holder Upon Change of
Control) to the
Maker.

(b)Payment of COC Repayment Price. Upon the Makers receipt of a Notice(s)
of Prepayment at Option of Holder Upon Change of Control from the Holder, the Maker shall deliver the COC Repayment Price to the Holder
immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control; provided that the Holders original
Note shall have
been so delivered to the Maker.

3.6Inability to Fully Convert.

(a)Holders Option if Maker Cannot Fully Convert. If, upon the Makers receipt of a Conversion Notice or as otherwise
required under this Note, including with respect to repayment of principal in shares of Common Stock as permitted under this Note, the
Maker cannot issue shares of Common Stock for any reason,
including, without limitation, because the Maker
(x) does not
have a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock authorized and available or (y) is otherwise
prohibited by applicable law or by the rules or
regulations of any stock exchange,
interdealer quotation system or other self-regulatory
organization with jurisdiction over the Maker or any of its securities from issuing all of the Common
Stock which is to be issued to the Holder pursuant to this Note, then the Maker shall issue as many shares of Common Stock as it is able
to issue and, with respect to the unconverted
portion of this Note or with respect to any shares of Common Stock not
timely issued in accordance with this Note, the Holder,
solely at Holders option, can elect to:

(i)require the Maker to prepay that portion of this Note for which the Maker is unable to issue Common Stock or for which shares of
Common Stock were not timely issued (the Mandatory Prepayment) at a price equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock that the Maker is unable to issue multiplied by the VWAP on the date of the Conversion Notice (the Mandatory Prepayment
Price);

(ii)void its Conversion Notice and retain or have returned, as the case may be, this Note that was to be converted pursuant to the
Conversion Notice (provided that the Holders voiding its Conversion Notice shall not affect the Makers obligations to make
any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice); or

(iii)defer issuance of the applicable Conversion Shares until such time as the Maker can legally issue such shares; provided, that the
Principal Amount underlying such Conversion Shares shall remain outstanding until the delivery of such Conversion Shares; provided, further,
that if the Holder elects to defer the issuance of the Conversion Shares, it may exercise its rights under either clause (i) or (ii) above
at any time prior to the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon two (2) Business Days notice to the Maker.

(b)Mechanics of Fulfilling Holders Election. The Maker shall immediately send to
the Holder, upon receipt of a Conversion Notice from the Holder, which cannot be fully satisfied
as described in Section 3.6(a) above, a notice of the Makers inability to fully satisfy the Conversion Notice (the Inability
to Fully Convert Notice). Such Inability to Fully Convert Notice shall indicate (i) the reason why the Maker is unable to fully
satisfy the Holders Conversion Notice; and (ii) the amount of this Note which cannot be
converted. The Holder shall notify the Maker
of its election pursuant to Section 3.6(a)
above by delivering written notice to the Maker (Notice in Response
to Inability to Convert).

(c)Payment of Mandatory Prepayment Price. If the
Holder shall elect to have
its Note prepaid pursuant to Section
3.6(a)(i) above, the Maker shall pay the Mandatory Prepayment Price to the Holder
within five (5) Business Days of the Makers receipt of the Holders Notice in Response to Inability
to Convert; provided that
prior to the
Makers receipt of
the Holders Notice
in Response to
Inability to Convert
the Maker has
not delivered a notice
to the Holder stating, to the satisfaction of
the Holder, that the event or condition
resulting in the Mandatory Prepayment has been
cured and all Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder can and will be delivered to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note.
If the Maker shall fail to pay the applicable Mandatory Prepayment Price to the Holder on the date that is one (1) Business Day following
the Makers receipt of the Holders Notice in Response
to Inability to Convert, in addition
to any remedy the Holder may have
under this Note and the Purchase Agreement, such unpaid amount shall
bear interest at the rate of two percent (2%) per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Until the full Mandatory
Prepayment Price is paid in full to the Holder, the Holder may (i) void the Mandatory Prepayment with respect to that portion of the Note
for which the full Mandatory Prepayment Price has not been paid and (ii) receive back such Note.

(d)Dividends and Distributions. The Holder shall be entitled to receive, on an
as-converted basis, any dividends paid or distributions on Common Stock as if this Note were converted into shares of Common Stock (without
regard to limitations on conversion) immediately prior to the record date for such dividend or distribution, at the Conversion Price.

ARTICLE
4 

4.1Covenants. For so long as any Note is outstanding, without the prior written
consent of the Holder:

(a)Compliance with Transaction Documents. The Maker shall, and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to, comply with its
obligations under this Note and the other Transaction Documents.

(b)Payment of Taxes, Etc. The Maker shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly pay and discharge, or cause
to bepaid anddischarged,when due andpayable,alllawful taxes, assessmentsandgovernmental
chargesorlevies imposedupon
theincome, profits, property or business of the Maker and the Subsidiaries, except
for such failures to pay that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that any such tax, assessment, charge or levy need not be
paid if the validity thereof shall currently be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and if the Maker or such Subsidiaries
shall have set aside on its books
reserves with respect thereto in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and provided,
further, that the Maker and such Subsidiaries will
pay all such taxes, assessments, charges or levies forthwith upon the commencement
of proceedings to foreclose any lien which may have attached as security therefor.

(c)Corporate Existence. The Maker shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain in full force and effect its
corporate existence, rights and franchises (other than the existence, rights and franchises of the Subsidiaries of the Maker that the
board of directors of the Maker determine are no longer necessary or useful to the operation of the Makers business) and all licenses
and other rights to use property owned or possessed by it and reasonably deemed to be necessary to the conduct
of its business.

(d)Investment Company Act. The Maker
and each Subsidiary shall conduct its businesses in a
manner so that it
will not become subject to, or required to be registered
under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(e)Sale of Collateral; Liens. From the date hereof, (i) the Maker and its Subsidiaries shall not, except in the case of a Permitted
Disposition, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (including the Collateral or Guarantor Collateral, as the
case may be), or attempt or contract to do so, other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) the Maker and
its Subsidiaries shall not, directly or indirectly, create, permit or suffer to exist, and shall defend their respective assets (including
the Collateral and the Guarantor Collateral) against and take such other action as is necessary to remove, any lien, security interest
or other encumbrance on any such assets (including the Collateral and the Guarantor Collateral) (except for the pledge, assignment and
security interest created under the Security Agreement or the Guarantor Security Agreement and any security interest on an Excluded Assets
to secure a Permitted Financing Arrangement and where the relevant secured parties are subject to a Subordination Agreement).

(f)Prohibited Transactions. The Company hereby covenants and agrees not to enter into any Prohibited Transactions until this
Note has been converted into Conversion Shares or repaid in full, except that the Company may enter into a Prohibited Transaction if,
and only if, this Note is repaid in full directly with the proceeds of such Prohibited Transaction and concurrently with the closing thereof.

(g)Repayment of This Note. If the Company or any Subsidiary issues any Indebtedness (other than the Note or any Permitted Financing
Arragement), or issues any Preferred Stock, other than Exempted Securities, or makes a Permitted Disposition, unless otherwise waived
in writing by and at the discretion of the Holder, the Company will immediately (x) utilize the proceeds of such issuance to repay the
Note and (y) utilize 50% of the proceeds of any Permitted Disposition to repay the Note. If the Company issues any Equity Interests, other
than (a) Exempted Securities, (b) shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock issued in an Acquisition, or (c) shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock issued by the Company in an offering in which the sole use of proceeds of funding is not an Acquisition, for aggregate
cumulative gross proceeds to the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, of greater than Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) while
the Note remains outstanding, excluding offering costs or other expenses, unless otherwise waived in writing by and at the discretion
of the Holder, the Company will direct the lower of (y) twenty percent (20%) of the proceeds from such issuance or (z) twenty percent
of the then Outstanding Principal Amount, to repay the Note.

(h)DIP Financing. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall, to the extent the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable,
seeks to obtain financing provided under Section 364 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any similar provision of any other law related thereto
(such financing, a DIP Financing), enter into, or agree to enter into any DIP Financing, without providing the Holder right
of first refusal to provide all or any portion of such DIP Financing as the Holder may elect in its sole and absolute discretion.

4.2Set-Off. This Note shall be subject to the set-off provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

ARTICLE
5 

5.1Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via email at the email address specified in this Section prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Business Day, (b) the next
Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address specified in
this Section on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m. (New
York time) on such date, (c) the Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service,
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The addresses for such notices and communications
shall be as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

5.2Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws or choice of laws.

5.3Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part
of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Note will be deemed to
be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any
party. This Note shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or
disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Note.

5.4Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and
Injunctive Relief.
The remedies provided in
this Note shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note, at law or in equity (including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), no remedy contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of compliance with
the provisions giving rise to such remedy and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual damages for any failure
by the Maker to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts set
forth or provided
for herein with
respect to payments,
conversion and the like (and the computation thereof)
shall bethe amounts
to be received by the holder thereof and
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be
subject to any other obligation of the Maker
(or the performance thereof). The Maker acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable and
material harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach would be inadequate. Therefore, the Maker agrees that, in the
event of any such breach or threatened breach, the
Holder shall be entitled, in addition
to all other available rights and remedies, at
law or in equity, to equitable relief,
including but not limited to an injunction
restraining any such breach or threatened breach,
without the necessity of showing economic lossand without any bond or other security being required.

5.5Enforcement Expenses. The Maker agrees to pay all costs and expenses of enforcement of this Note, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

5.6Binding Effect. TheobligationsoftheMakerand
theHoldersetforth
herein shallbebindingupon
thesuccessorsandassignsof each such party, whether or not such successors or assigns are permitted by the terms herein.

5.7Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Note may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed by the Company
and the Holder. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Note shall be deemed to be a
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof,
nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.8Jurisdiction; Venue. Any action, proceeding or claim arising out of, or relating
in any way to this Note shall be brought and enforced in the state or federal courts located in New Castle County, Delaware. The Company
and the Holder irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive, and hereby waive any objection
to such exclusive jurisdiction or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Each of the Company and the Holder agrees it may be
served with legal process in the State of Delaware at the address set forth in Section 11.5 of the Purchase Agreement. The prevailing
party in any such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable and documented attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses relating
to such action or proceeding.

5.9Parties in Interest. This Note shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Maker, the Holder
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

5.10Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.
No failure or delay on the
part of the Holder
in the exercise of any
power, right or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

5.11Maker Waivers. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein, the Maker and all others that
may become liable for all or any part of the obligations evidenced by this Note, hereby waive
presentment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest and all other demands and notices
in connection with the delivery,
acceptance, performance and enforcement of
this Note, and do hereby
consent to any number of renewals
of extensions of the time or payment
hereof and agree that any such renewals or
extensions may be made without notice to
any such persons and without affecting their liability herein and do further consent to the release of any person liable hereon,
all without affecting the liability of the other persons, firms or Maker liable for the payment of this Note, AND DO HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL
BY JURY.

(a)No delay or omission on the part of the Holder in exercising its rights under this Note, or course of conduct relating hereto,
shall operate as a waiver of such rights or any other right of the Holder, nor shall any waiver by the Holder of any such right or rights
on any one occasion be deemed a waiver of the same right or rights on any future occasion.

(b)THE MAKER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE TRANSACTION OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART IS A COMMERCIAL TRANSACTION,AND TO THEEXTENT
ALLOWED BY APPLICABLELAW,HEREBY
WAIVESITSRIGHT TO NOTICEANDHEARING WITH RESPECTTOANYPREJUDGMENTREMEDY WHICHTHEHOLDERORITSSUCCESSORSORASSIGNSMAYDESIRETOUSE.

5.12Definitions. Capitalized terms used hereinand
notdefined shall havethemeaningssetforth in thePurchase Agreement. Forthe purposes hereof, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Conversion Shares means shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder by the Maker pursuant to Section 3.1
of this Note.

(b)Convertible Securities means any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, directly
or indirectly, shares of Common Stock.

(c)Floor Price means $0.75.

(d)Indebtedness means, with respect to the Maker or any Subsidiary:
(a) all obligations for borrowed money; (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all
reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, current swap agreements, interest rate hedging
agreements, interest rate swaps, or other financial products; (c) all capital lease obligations (other than capital lease obligations
where recourse is limited solely to the asset which has been leased) that exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year; (d) all
obligations or liabilities secured by a lien or encumbrance on any asset of the Maker or any Subsidiary, irrespective of whether such
obligation or liability is assumed; (e) all obligations for the deferred purchase price of assets, together with trade debt and other
accounts payable that exceed $7,500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year; (f) all synthetic leases; (g) any obligation guaranteeing
or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing
obligations of any other person; (h) trade debt which, when taken together with the obligations described in clause (e) hereof, does not
exceed, in the aggregate, $7,500,000 in any fiscal year; and (i) endorsements for collection or deposit.

(e) Mandatory Default Amount means an amount equal to one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Outstanding Principal
Amount of this Note on the date on which the first Event of Default has occurred hereunder.

(f)Market Capitalization means, as of any date of determination, the product of (a) the number of issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock as of such date (exclusive of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants
or conversion of any convertible securities), multiplied by (b) the closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on the date
of determination.

(g)Outstanding Principal Amount means, at the time of determination, the Principal Amount outstanding after giving
effect to any adjustments, conversions or prepayments pursuant to the terms hereof.

(h)Prepayment Amount means an amount equal to the product of the Outstanding Principal Amount multiplied by 1.05.

(i)Repayment Share Price means ninety percent (90%) of the average of the five (5) lowest daily VWAPs during
the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the Conversion Date; provided, that in no event shall the Repayment Share Price be less than the
Floor Price, and in the event that the calculation set forth above would result in a Repayment Share Price less than the Floor Price,
the Repayment Share Price for purposes herein shall be the Floor Price.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker
has caused this Note to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.

By:

Name: Jeffrey Thompson

Title: CEO

EXHIBIT
A 

WIRE
INSTRUCTIONS

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF CONVERSION NOTICE

(To be Executed by the Registered Holder
in order to Convert the Note)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to convert $ ________________ of the principal amount of the above Note No. ___ into shares of Common Stock of Red Cat Holdings,
Inc. (the Maker) according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below.

Date of Conversion:

Conversion Price:

Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned or deemed
beneficially owned by the Holder on the Conversion Date:

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8kexh10_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

THIS WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL
TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.

The number
of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of this warrant may be MORE OR less than the amounts set forth on the face hereof.

This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Securities
Purchase Agreement dated February 10, 2025 by and between the Company and the Holder (as defined below), as may be amended from time to
time (the Purchase Agreement). Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance and agreement to
all of the terms contained herein.

No. [] 

RED CAT
HOLDINGS, INC.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (together with any corporation which shall succeed to or assume the obligations of Red Cat Holdings, Inc. hereunder, the Company),
hereby certifies that, for value received, Lind Global Asset Management XI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Holder),
is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company at any time during the Exercise Period (as defined in
Section 9) up to One Million (1,000,000) fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, at a purchase price per share equal
to the Exercise Price (as defined in Section 9). The number of shares of Common Stock for which this Common Stock Purchase Warrant
(this Warrant) is exercisable and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment as provided herein.

1. DEFINITIONS.
Certain terms are used in this Warrant as specifically defined in Section 9. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

2. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

2.1. Exercise.
This Warrant may be exercised prior to its expiration hereof by the Holder at any time or from time to time during the Exercise Period,
by submitting the form of subscription attached hereto (the Exercise Notice) duly executed by the Holder, to the
Company at its principal office, indicating whether the Holder is electing to purchase a specified number of shares by paying the Aggregate
Exercise Price as provided in Section 2.2 or is electing to exercise this Warrant as to a specified number of shares pursuant to
the cashless exercise provisions of Section 2.3. On or before the first Trading Day following the date on which the Company has
received the Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgement of confirmation of receipt of the Exercise
Notice. Subject to Section 2.4, this Warrant shall be deemed exercised for all purposes as of the close of business on the day
on which the Holder has delivered the Exercise Notice to the Company. The Aggregate Exercise Price, if any, shall be paid by wire transfer
to the Company within five (5) Business Days of the date of exercise and prior to the time the Company issues the certificates evidencing
the shares issuable upon such exercise. In the event this Warrant is not exercised in full, the Company may, at its expense, require the
Holder, after such partial exercise, to promptly return this Warrant to the Company and the Company will forthwith issue and deliver to
or upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant or Warrants of like tenor, in the name of the Holder or as the Holder (upon payment by the
Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, calling in the aggregate on the face or faces thereof for the number of shares of
Common Stock equal (without giving effect to any adjustment therein) to the number of such shares called for on the face of this Warrant
minus the number of such shares (without giving effect to any adjustment therein) for which this Warrant shall have been exercised.

2.2. Payment
of Exercise Price by Wire Transfer. If the Holder elects to purchase a specified number of shares by paying the Aggregate Exercise
Price, the Holder shall pay such amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the Company in its
acknowledgement of receipt of such Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 2.1.

2.3. Cashless
Exercise. If, after six (6) months following the Closing Date, a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock that are
the subject of the Notice of Exercise (the Unavailable Warrant Shares) is not available for the resale of such Unavailable
Warrant Shares to the public or upon exercise of this Warrant in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, the Holder may elect to exercise
this Warrant by receiving shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares determined pursuant to the following formula:

X = Y (A - B)

A

where,

X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder;

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock as to which this Warrant is to be exercised (as indicated on the Exercise Notice);

A = VWAP for the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of exercise; and

B = the Exercise Price.

This Warrant will be exercised pursuant
to this Section 2.3 automatically and without further

action by any Person immediately prior
to the time at which it expires in accordance with Section 2.5.

2.4. Antitrust
Notification. If the Holder determines, in its sole judgment upon the advice of counsel, that the issuance of any Warrant Shares pursuant
to the terms hereof would be subject to the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR
Act), the Company shall file as soon as practicable after the date on which the Company receives notice from the Holder of
the applicability of the HSR Act and a request to so file with the United States Federal Trade Commission and the United States Department
of Justice the notification and report form required to be filed by it pursuant to the HSR Act in connection with such issuance.

2.5. Termination.
This Warrant shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) exercise in full or (ii) the expiration of the Exercise Period, or (iii)
the consummation of an acquisition of substantially all outstanding equity securities the Company or substantially all assets of the Company.

3. REGISTRATION
RIGHTS. The Holder of this Warrant has certain rights to require the Company to register its resale of the Warrant Shares under the
1933 Act and any blue sky or securities laws of any jurisdictions within the United States at the time and in the manner specified in
the Purchase Agreement.

4. DELIVERY
OF STOCK CERTIFICATES ON EXERCISE.

4.1. Delivery
of Exercise Shares. As soon as practicable after any exercise of this Warrant and in any event within three (3) Trading Day thereafter
(such date, the Exercise Share Delivery Date), the Company shall, at its expense (including the payment by it of
any applicable issue or stamp taxes), cause to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder, or as the Holder may direct, a certificate
or certificates evidencing the number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (which number shall be rounded down to the
nearest whole share in the event any fractional share may otherwise be issuable upon such exercise and the Company shall pay a cash adjustment
to the Holder in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price) to which the Holder
shall be entitled on such exercise, in such denominations as may be requested by the Holder, which certificate or certificates shall be
free of restrictive and trading legends (except for any such legends as may be required under the 1933 Act). In lieu of delivering physical
certificates for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon any exercise of this Warrant, provided the Warrant Shares are not restricted
securities and the Companys transfer agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated
Securities Transfer program or a similar program, upon request of the Holder, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to electronically
transmit such shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant to the Holder (or its designee), by crediting the account
of the Holders (or such designees) broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system (provided that
the same time periods herein as for stock certificates shall apply) as instructed by the Holder (or its designee).

4.2. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Exercise Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Exercise Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Exercise Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event Exercise Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise
shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto (the Assignment Form) duly executed by the Holder and
the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

5. CERTAIN
ADJUSTMENT.

5.1. Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (a) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common
Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(b) subdivides (including by way of share split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (c) combines (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (d) issues by reclassification of
shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

5.2 Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder shall be notified at least ten days prior to the record date for determining shareholders entitled to participate in the
Distribution and Holder shall, at its option, exercise its warrants on or prior to such record date be entitled to participate in such
Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders warrant exercise would result in the Holder exceeding the
beneficial ownership limitation provided for in Section 10, then the Holder shall not be entitled to exercise its warrants). .

.

5.3 Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (a) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (b) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (c) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the
voting power of the common equity of the Company, (d) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (e) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity
of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, Holder shall be notified at least ten days prior to the closing
of the transaction and Holder shall, at its option, exercise its warrants prior to the closing. In the event that Holder fails to exercise
the warrants, the warrants will be terminated upon closing.

5.4 Adjustments
to Exercise Price Upon Issuance of Common Stock. In the event the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the Closing
Date (but whether before or after the Issue Date) issue or sell any additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (Additional
Shares of Common Stock), other than Exempted Securities, at an effective price per share (or issuable, convertible or exercisable
at a price per share) that is less than the Exercise Price then in effect or without consideration (a Dilutive Issuance),
then automatically and without further action by any Person the Exercise Price upon each such issuance shall be reduced to a price equal
to the consideration per share paid for such Additional Shares of Common Stock (the Base Share Price). For purposes
of clarification, the amount of consideration received for such Additional Shares of Common Stock shall not include the value of any additional
securities or other rights received in connection with such issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock (i.e., warrants, rights of first
refusal or other similar rights). The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance
or deemed issuance of any Additional Shares of Common Stock subject to this Section 5.4, indicating therein the applicable issuance price,
or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice).
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5.4, upon the occurrence
of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether
the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction,
the Company shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price or
exercise price at which such securities may be issued, converted or exercised.

5.5 Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding at the close of the Trading
Day on or, if not applicable, most recently preceding, such given date.

5.6 Notice
to Holder.

(a) Adjustment
to Exercise Price or number of Warrant Shares. Whenever the Exercise Price or number of Warrant Shares is adjusted pursuant to any
provision of this Section 5, the Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price or number
of Warrant Shares, as applicable, after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(b) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (i) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock; (ii) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock; (iii) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights; (iv) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property;
or (v) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company;
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. Subject to applicable law,
the Holder is entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of the notice described in this Section 5.6 is not intended
to and shall not bestow upon the Holder any voting rights whatsoever with respect to outstanding unexercised Warrants.

6. NO
IMPAIRMENT. The Company will not, by amendment of the Organizational Documents or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and
in taking all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) will not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable on
the exercise of this Warrant above the amount payable therefor on such exercise and (b) will take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of stock on the exercise of
this Warrant from time to time outstanding.

7. NOTICES
OF RECORD DATE. In the event of:

(a) any
taking by the Company of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are
entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock
of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right;

(b) any
capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company or any transfer of
all or substantially all the assets of the Company to or any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other Person or any
other Change of Control; or

(c) any
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company;

then, and in each such event, the Company will mail
or cause to be mailed to the Holder a notice specifying (i) the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or right, and stating the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii) the date on which any such
reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is anticipated
to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their
shares of Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable on such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, transfer,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Such notice shall be mailed at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date
specified in such notice on which any such action is to be taken.

8. RESERVATION
OF STOCK ISSUABLE ON EXERCISE OF WARRANT; REGULATORY COMPLIANCE; PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS.

8.1. Reservation
of Stock Issuable on Exercise of Warrant. The Company shall at all times while this Warrant shall be outstanding, reserve and keep
available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient
to effect the exercise of all or any portion of the Warrant Shares (disregarding for this purpose any and all limitations of any kind
on such exercise). The Company shall, from time to time in accordance with Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, increase the authorized
number of shares of Common Stock or take other effective action if at any time the unissued number of authorized shares shall not be sufficient
to satisfy the Companys obligations under this Section 8.

8.2. Regulatory
Compliance. If any shares of Common Stock to be reserved for the purpose of exercise of the Warrant Shares require registration or
listing with or approval of any Governmental Authority, stock exchange or other regulatory body under any federal or state law or regulation
or otherwise before such shares may be validly issued or delivered upon exercise, the Company shall, at its sole cost and expense, in
good faith and as expeditiously as possible, secure such registration, listing or approval, as the case may be.

8.3 Prohibited
Transactions. The Company hereby covenants and agrees not to enter into any Prohibited Transactions while any balance remains due
under the Note.

9. DEFINITIONS.
As used herein the following terms, unless the context otherwise requires, have the following respective meanings:

Aggregate
Exercise Price means, in connection with the exercise of this Warrant at any time, an
amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Exercise Price times (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is being exercised at such time.

Change of Control
has the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Convertible Securities
means any debt, equity or other securities that are, directly or indirectly, convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.

Exercise Period
means the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending 11:59 P.M. (New York City time) on the date that is sixty (60) months from the
Issue Date or earlier closing of a Fundamental Transaction (other than a Fundamental Transaction of the type described in clause (d) of
the definition thereof resulting in the conversion into or exchange for another security of the Company).

Exercise Price
means $15.00 per share, as may be adjusted pursuant to the terms hereof.

Exercise Shares
means the shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is then being exercised.

Fair Market Value
means, with respect to any security or other property, the fair market value of such security or other property as determined by the Board
of Directors, acting in good faith.

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state
or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies
such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Issue Date
means February 10, 2025.

Note
means the senior secured convertible promissory note issued by the Company to the Holder pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint
venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Subsidiary
means, as of any time of determination and with respect to any Person, any United States corporation, partnership, limited liability company
or limited liability partnership, all of the stock (or other equity interest) of every class of which, except directors qualifying
shares (or any equivalent), shall, at such time, be owned by such Person either directly or through Subsidiaries and of which such Person
or a Subsidiary shall have 100% control thereof, except directors qualifying shares. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires,
any reference to a Subsidiary is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Company.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means whichever of the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE: Amex Exchange, or the Nasdaq Stock Market (including the Nasdaq Capital Market),
on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (A) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (x) at a conversion price,
exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (y) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that
is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (B) enters into,
or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue
securities at a future determined price.

VWAP
means, as of any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of one share of Common Stock trading in the ordinary course of
business on the applicable Trading Price for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on such Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg
Financial L.P.; (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed on a Trading Market and if the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, the volume weighted average price of one share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P.; (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by the Pink
OTC Markets Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price of one
share of Common Stock so reported, as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P.; or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of one share
of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company
(in each case rounded to four decimal places).

Warrant
Shares means collectively the shares of Common Stock of the Company issuable upon exercise
of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, as such number may be adjusted pursuant to the provisions thereof.

10. LIMITATION
ON BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Holder shall not be entitled to receive shares
of Common Stock or other securities (together with Common Stock, Equity Interests) upon exercise of this Warrant
to the extent (but only to the extent) that such exercise or receipt would cause the Holder Group to become, directly or indirectly, a
beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder)
of a number of Equity Interests of a class that is registered under the 1934 Act which exceeds the Maximum Percentage (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement) of the Equity Interests of such class that are outstanding at such time. Any purported delivery of Equity Interests
in connection with the exercise of the Warrant prior to the termination of this restriction in accordance herewith shall be void and have
no effect to the extent (but only to the extent) that such delivery would result in the Holder Group becoming the beneficial owner of
more than the Maximum Percentage of the Equity Interests of a class that is registered under the 1934 Act that is outstanding at such
time. If any delivery of Equity Interests owed to the Holder following exercise of this Warrant is not made, in whole or in part, as a
result of this limitation, the Companys obligation to make such delivery shall not be extinguished and the Company shall deliver
such Equity Interests as promptly as practicable after the Holder gives notice to the Company that such delivery would not result in such
limitation being triggered or upon termination of the restriction in accordance with the terms hereof. To the extent limitations contained
in this Section 10 apply, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be the sole responsibility and in the sole determination of the Holder, and the submission of an Exercise Notice shall be deemed
to constitute the Holders determination that the issuance of the full number of Warrant Shares requested in the Exercise Notice
is permitted hereunder, and neither the Company nor any Warrant agent shall have any obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. For purposes of this Section 10, (i) the term Maximum Percentage shall have the definition
set forth in the Purchase Agreement; and (ii) the term Holder Group shall mean the Holder plus any other Person with
which the Holder is considered to be part of a group under Section 13 of the 1934 Act or with which the Holder otherwise files reports
under Sections 13 and/or 16 of the 1934 Act. In determining the number of Equity Interests of a particular class outstanding at any point
in time, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Equity Interests of such class as reflected in (x) the Companys most
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (z) a more recent notice by the Company or its transfer agent to the Holder setting forth the number of Equity Interests
of such class then outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall, within one
(1) Trading Day of such request, confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Equity Interests of any class then outstanding.
The provisions of this Section 10 shall be construed, corrected and implemented in a manner so as to effectuate the intended beneficial
ownership limitation herein contained.

11. REGISTRATION
AND TRANSFER OF WARRANT.

11.1. Registration
of Warrant. The Company shall register and record transfers, exchanges, reissuances and cancellations of this Warrant, upon the records
to be maintained by the Company for that purpose, in the name of the record holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and
treat the registered holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to
the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. The Company shall be entitled to rely, and held harmless
in acting or refraining from acting in reliance upon, any notices, instructions or documents it believes in good faith to be from an authorized
representative of the Holder.

11.2 Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form of assignment (the Assignment Notice) attached hereto duly executed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney. The Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the
transferor, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer
does not require registration of the transferred Warrant under the 1933 Act. Upon such surrender, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified
in such Assignment Notice, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this
Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the
purchase of Exercise Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

11.3. New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 11.2, as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for this Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Exercise Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

12. LOSS,
THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR MUTILATION OF WARRANT. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Exercise Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of this Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

13. REMEDIES.
The Company stipulates that the remedies at law of the Holder in the event of any default or threatened default by the Company in the
performance of or compliance with any of the terms of this Warrant are not and will not be adequate, and that such terms may be specifically
enforced by a decree for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or by an injunction against a violation of any of
the terms hereof or otherwise.

14. DIVIDENDS
AND DISTRIBUTIONS. With respect to the Exercise Shares, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, on the same basis as holders of Common
Stock, any dividends paid or distributions on Common Stock as if this Warrant were exercised for shares of Common Stock (without regard
to limitations on exercise) immediately prior to the record date for such dividend or distribution.

15. NOTICES.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications that are required or may be given pursuant to the terms of this Warrant shall
be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (i) on the date of delivery when delivered by hand on a Business Day during normal business
hours or, if delivered on a day that is not a Business Day or after normal business hours, then on the next Business Day, (ii) on the
date of transmission when sent by facsimile transmission or email during normal business hours on a Business Day with telephone confirmation
of receipt or, if transmitted on a day that is not a Business Day or after normal business hours, then on the next Business Day, or (iii)
on the second Business Day after the date of dispatch when sent by a reputable courier service that maintains records of receipt. The
addresses for notice shall be as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

16. CONSENT
TO AMENDMENTS. Any term of this Warrant may be amended, and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or compliance therewith
may be waived, only if the Company shall have obtained the written consent (and not without such written consent) to such amendment, action
or waiver from the Holder. No course of dealing between the Company and the Holder nor any delay in exercising any rights hereunder shall
operate as a waiver of any rights of the Holder.

17. MISCELLANEOUS.
In case any provision of this Warrant shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, or partially invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the
provision shall be enforced to the extent, if any, that it may legally be enforced and the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. If any provision of this Warrant is found to conflict with
the Purchase Agreement, the provisions of this Warrant shall prevail. If any provision of this Warrant is found to conflict with the Note,
the provisions of the Note shall prevail. THIS WARRANT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE LAW OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD
PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE. Each of the Company and the Holder agrees it may be served
with legal process in the State of Delaware at the address set forth in Section 11.5 of the Purchase Agreement. The prevailing party in
any such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable and documented attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses relating to
such action or proceeding. The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect any
of the terms hereof.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

Dated as of February 10, 2025

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.

By:

Name: Jeffrey Thompson

Title: CEO

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

(To be signed only on exercise

of Common Stock Purchase Warrant)

TO: Red Cat Holdings, Inc.

1. The
undersigned Holder of the attached Warrant hereby elects to exercise its purchase right under such Warrant to purchase shares of Common
Stock of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), as follows (check one or more, as applicable):

to exercise
the Warrant to purchase __________ shares of Common Stock and to pay the Aggregate Exercise Price therefor by wire transfer of United
States funds to the account of the Company, which transfer has been made prior to or as of the date of delivery of this Form of Subscription
pursuant to the instructions of the Company;

and/or

to exercise the Warrant with respect to ____________ shares of Common Stock pursuant to the cashless exercise provisions specified
in Section 2.3 of the Warrant.

2. In
exercising this Warrant, the undersigned Holder hereby confirms and acknowledges that the shares of Common Stock are being acquired solely
for the account of the undersigned and not as a nominee for any other party, and for investment, and that the undersigned shall not offer,
sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Common Stock except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the 1933
Act or any state securities laws. The undersigned hereby further confirms and acknowledges that it is an accredited investor,
as that term is defined under the 1933 Act.

3. Please
issue a stock certificate or certificates representing the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned
or in such other name(s) as is specified below:

Name: 

Address: 

TIN: 

________________________________________

(Signature must conform exactly to name of Holder as specified on the face
of the Warrant) 

Dated: _________________

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be signed only on transfer of Warrant)

For value received, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto ________________ the right represented by the within Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation, to which the within Warrant relates, and appoints _________________
attorney to transfer such right on the books of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., with full power of substitution in the premises.

[insert name of Holder]

Dated: ___________________ By:_____________________________

Title:____________________________

[insert address of Holder]

Signed in the presence of:

___________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8kexh10_4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

SECURITY AGREEMENT

SECURITY AGREEMENT
(this "Agreement"), dated as of February __, 2025, by and between RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation
(the "Company") and LIND GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT XI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Secured
Party").

WHEREAS, the Company
(a) and the Secured Party have entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as amended and in
effect from time to time, the "SPA") and (b) issued to the Secured Party that certain Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Note dated as of the date hereof (as amended and in effect from time to time, the "Note"); and

WHEREAS, it is a condition
precedent to the Secured Party agreeing to make loans or otherwise extend credit to the Company under the SPA and the Note that the Company
execute and deliver to the Secured Party a security agreement in substantially the form hereof; and

WHEREAS, the Company
wishes to grant security interests in favor of the Secured Party as herein provided;

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Definitions.
All capitalized terms used herein without definitions shall have the respective meanings provided therefor in the SPA. All terms defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State (as hereinafter defined) and used herein shall have the same definitions herein as specified
therein, however, if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State differently than in another Article of
the Uniform Commercial Code of the State, the term has the meaning specified in Article 9, and the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

"Event of Default"
means the occurrence of any "Event of Default" under and as defined in each of the SPA, the Note or any Supplemental Loan Document,
or the failure of the Company or any Guarantor to comply with any term or covenant of any Transaction Document (including this Agreement)
to which it is a party.

"Guarantor"
means, collectively, each Person which provides a guarantee of all or any portion of the Obligations of the Company to the Secured Party.

"Lien" means
any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, security interest, assignment by way of security, lien (statutory or otherwise), encumbrance,
conditional sale agreement, capital lease, financing lease, deposit arrangement, title retention agreement, and any other agreement, trust
or arrangement that in substance secures payment or performance of an obligation.

"Obligations"
means, collectively, (a) all debts, liabilities and obligations, present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured
or unmatured, at any time or from time to time due or accruing due and owing by or otherwise payable by the Company or any Guarantor to
the Secured Party in any currency, under, in connection with or pursuant to any Transaction Document (including, without limitation, the
SPA, the Note, any Supplemental Loan Document or this Agreement), and whether incurred by the Company or any Guarantor alone or jointly
with another or others and whether as principal, guarantor or surety and in whatever name or style and (b) all expenses, costs and charges
incurred by or on behalf of the Secured Party in connection with any Transaction Document (including, without limitation, the SPA, the
Note, any Supplemental Loan Document and this Agreement) or the Collateral, including all legal fees, court costs, receivers or
agents remuneration and other expenses of taking possession of, repairing, protecting, insuring, preparing for disposition, realizing,
collecting, selling, transferring, delivering or obtaining payment for the Collateral, and of taking, defending or participating in any
action or proceeding in connection with any of the foregoing matters or otherwise in connection with the Secured Party's interest in any
Collateral, directly relating to the Secured Party's rights under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including, without
limitation, any enforcement of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document).

"Permitted Lien"
means any of the following: (a) mechanics and materialman Liens and other statutory Liens (including Liens for taxes, fees, assessments
and other governmental charges or levies) arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of any amount (i) which is not at the
time overdue or (ii) which may be overdue but the validity of which is being contested at the time in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and for which the Company has maintained adequate reserves, in each case so long as the holder of such Lien has not taken any action to
foreclose or otherwise exercise any remedies with respect to such Lien; (b) Liens granted by the Company in favor of the lender in a Permitted
Financing Arrangement to secure the Company's obligations under such Permitted Financing Arrangement so long as (i) such Lien covers only
the PO Assets or Equity Assets, as applicable; (ii) a Subordination Agreement is in full force and effect among the Company, the Secured
Party and the lender under the applicable Permitted Financing Arrangement; and (iii) all other conditions for the applicable Permitted
Financing Arrangement required by the SPA have been satisfied; and (c) Liens which are permitted in writing by the Secured Party in its
sole and absolute discretion.

"Person"
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental
authority or other entity.

"State" means
the State of Delaware.

"Supplemental Loan
Documents" means any other document, agreement or instrument evidencing any debt or similar obligation owing from the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, any Guarantor) to the Secured Party.

"Transaction Documents"
means, collectively, the SPA, the Note, any guaranty from any Guarantor, any Supplemental Loan Document, this Agreement or any other "Transaction
Documents" as defined in the SPA, in each case as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time in accordance
with the applicable terms thereof.

2.Grant of Security Interest.

2.1.Grant; Collateral Description.
The Company hereby grants to the Secured Party, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a security interest
in and pledges and assigns to the Secured Party the following properties, assets and rights of the Company, wherever located, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof (all of the same being hereinafter called the "Collateral"):
all personal and fixture property of every kind and nature including all goods (including inventory, equipment and any accessions thereto),
instruments (including promissory notes), documents (whether tangible or electronic), accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables),
chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced
by a writing), commercial tort claims, securities and all other investment property, supporting obligations, any other contract rights
or rights to the payment of money, insurance claims and proceeds, and all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles). 

2.2.Commercial Tort Claims.
The Secured Party acknowledges that the attachment of its security interest in any commercial tort claim as original collateral is subject
to the Company's compliance with 4.7.

3.Authorization to File Financing Statements.
The Company hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Party at any time and from time to time to file in any filing office which the Secured
Party deems necessary in any Uniform Commercial Code jurisdiction any initial financing statements and amendments thereto that (a) indicate
the Collateral (i) as all assets of the Company or words of similar effect, regardless of whether any particular asset comprised in the
Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State or such jurisdiction, or (ii) as being of an
equal or lesser scope or with greater detail, and (b) provide any other information required by part 5 of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial
Code of the State or such other jurisdiction for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement or amendment,
including whether the Company is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to the
Company. The Company agrees to furnish any such information to the Secured Party promptly upon the Secured Party's reasonable written
request. 

4.Other Actions.
Further to insure the attachment, perfection and first priority (or, to the extent applicable, second priority to the extent applicable
pursuant to the terms of a Subordination Agreement) of, and the ability of the Secured Party to enforce, the Secured Party's security
interest in the Collateral, the Company agrees, at the Company's expense, to take the following actions with respect to the following
Collateral and without limitation on the Company's other obligations contained in this Agreement (but, to the extent applicable, in all
cases subject to any applicable Subordination Agreement):

4.1.Promissory Notes and Tangible Chattel Paper.
If the Company shall, now or at any time hereafter, hold or acquire any promissory notes or tangible chattel paper with an aggregate value
for all such promissory notes or tangible chattel paper in excess of $25,000, the Company shall forthwith endorse, assign and deliver
the same to the Secured Party, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Secured Party may
from time to time specify.

4.2.Deposit Accounts. For
each deposit account that the Company, now or at any time hereafter, opens or maintains, the Company shall, at the Secured Party's request
and option, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party, either (a) cause the depositary
bank to agree to comply without further consent of the Company, at any time with instructions from the Secured Party to such depositary
bank directing the disposition of funds from time to time credited to such deposit account, or, in the event the depository bank refuses
to so agree, (b) arrange for the Secured Party to become the customer of the depositary bank with respect to the deposit account, with
the Company being permitted, only with the consent of the Secured Party, to exercise rights to withdraw funds from such deposit account.
The Secured Party agrees with the Company that the Secured Party shall not give any such instructions or withhold any withdrawal rights
from the Company, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or, if effect were given to any withdrawal not otherwise
permitted by the Transaction Documents, would occur. The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to any deposit accounts specially
and exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of the Company's salaried
employees.

4.3.Investment Property.
If the Company shall, now or at any time hereafter, hold or acquire any certificated securities, the Company shall forthwith endorse,
assign and deliver the same to the Secured Party, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as
the Secured Party may from time to time specify. If any securities now or hereafter acquired by the Company are uncertificated and are
issued to the Company or its nominee directly by the issuer thereof, the Company shall promptly (but in any event within two (2) Business
Days) notify the Secured Party thereof and, at the Secured Party's request and option, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party, either (a) cause the issuer to agree to comply without further consent of the Company or
such nominee, at any time with instructions from the Secured Party as to such securities, or, in the event the issuer refuses to so agree,
(b) arrange for the Secured Party to become the registered owner of the securities. If any securities, whether certificated or uncertificated,
or other investment property now or hereafter acquired by the Company are held by the Company or its nominee through a securities intermediary
or commodity intermediary, the Company shall promptly (but in any event within two (2) Business Days) notify the Secured Party thereof
and, at the Secured Party's request and option, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured
Party, either (i) cause such securities intermediary or (as the case may be) commodity intermediary to agree to comply, in each case without
further consent of the Company or such nominee, at any time with entitlement orders or other instructions from the Secured Party to such
securities intermediary as to such securities or other investment property, or (as the case may be) to apply any value distributed on
account of any commodity contract as directed by the Secured Party to such commodity intermediary, or (ii) in the case of financial assets
or other investment property held through a securities intermediary, arrange for the Secured Party to become the entitlement holder with
respect to such investment property, with the Company being permitted, only with the consent of the Secured Party, to exercise rights
to withdraw or otherwise deal with such investment property. The Secured Party agrees with the Company that the Secured Party shall not
give any such entitlement orders or instructions or directions to any such issuer, securities intermediary or commodity intermediary,
and shall not withhold its consent to the exercise of any withdrawal or dealing rights by the Company, unless an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, or, after giving effect to any such investment and withdrawal rights not otherwise permitted by the Transaction
Documents, would occur. The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to any financial assets credited to a securities account for
which the Secured Party is the securities intermediary.

4.4.Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee.
If any Collateral with an aggregate value in excess of $50,000 is, now or at any time hereafter, in the possession of a bailee, the Company
shall promptly notify the Secured Party thereof and, at the Secured Party's reasonable request and option, shall promptly obtain an acknowledgement
from the bailee, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party, that the bailee holds such Collateral for the benefit
of the Secured Party and such bailee's agreement to comply, without further consent of the Company, at any time with instructions of the
Secured Party as to such Collateral.

4.5.Electronic Chattel Paper, Electronic Documents and Transferable
Records. If the Company, now or at any time hereafter,
holds or acquires an interest in any Collateral that is electronic chattel paper, any electronic document or any "transferable record,"
as that term is defined in Section 201 of the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, or in 16 of the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction, the Company shall promptly notify the Secured Party thereof
and, at the request and option of the Secured Party, shall take such action as the Secured Party may reasonably request to vest in the
Secured Party control, under 9-105 of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction, of such electronic
chattel paper, control, under 7-106 of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction, of such electronic
document or control, under Section 201 of the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or, as the case may be,
16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as so in effect in such jurisdiction, of such transferable record. The Secured Party
agrees with the Company that the Secured Party will arrange, pursuant to procedures satisfactory to the Secured Party and so long as such
procedures will not result in the Secured Party's loss of control, for the Company to make alterations to the electronic chattel paper,
electronic document or transferable record permitted under UCC 9-105, UCC 7-106, or, as the case may be, Section 201 of the
federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act for a party in
control to make without loss of control, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur after taking into account
any action by the Company with respect to such electronic chattel paper, electronic document or transferable record. The provisions of
this 4.5 relating to electronic documents and "control" under UCC 7-106 apply in the event that the 2003 revisions
to Article 7, with amendments to Article 9, of the Uniform Commercial Code, in substantially the form approved by the American Law Institute
and the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws, are now or hereafter adopted and become effective in the State or
in any other relevant jurisdiction.

4.6.Letter-of-Credit Rights.
If the Company is, now or at any time hereafter, a beneficiary under a letter of credit with a stated amount in excess of $25,000, or
if the Company is a beneficiary under letters of credit not assigned to the Secured Party with an aggregate stated amount in excess of
$50,000, the Company shall promptly notify the Secured Party thereof and, at the request and option of the Secured Party, the Company
shall, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party, either (a) arrange for the issuer
and any confirmer of such letter of credit to consent to an assignment to the Secured Party of the proceeds of the letter of credit or
(b) arrange for the Secured Party to become the transferee beneficiary of the letter of credit.

4.7.Commercial Tort Claims.
If the Company shall, now or at any time hereafter, hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, the Company shall promptly notify the Secured
Party in a writing signed by the Company of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Party in such writing a security interest
therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Secured Party.

4.8.Other Actions as to any and all Collateral.
The Company further agrees, upon the request of the Secured Party and at the Secured Party's option, to take any and all other actions
as the Secured Party may determine to be necessary or useful for the attachment, perfection and first priority of, and the ability of
the Secured Party to enforce, the Secured Party's security interest in any and all of the Collateral, including (a) executing, delivering
and, where appropriate, filing financing statements and amendments relating thereto under the Uniform Commercial Code of any relevant
jurisdiction, to the extent, if any, that the Company's signature thereon is required therefor, (b) causing the Secured Party's name to
be noted as secured party on any certificate of title for a titled good if such notation is a condition to attachment, perfection or priority
of, or ability of the Secured Party to enforce, the Secured Party's security interest in such Collateral, (c) complying with any provision
of any statute, regulation or treaty of the United States as to any Collateral if compliance with such provision is a condition to attachment,
perfection or priority of, or ability of the Secured Party to enforce, the Secured Party's security interest in such Collateral, (d) obtaining
governmental and other third party waivers, consents and approvals, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party,
including any consent of any licensor, lessor or other Person obligated on Collateral, (e) obtaining waivers from mortgagees and landlords
of the Company's primary place of business or any other location where the aggregate value of the Collateral at such location exceeds
$50,000, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party and (f) taking all actions under any earlier versions of the
Uniform Commercial Code or under any other law, as reasonably determined by the Secured Party to be applicable in any relevant Uniform
Commercial Code or other jurisdiction, including any foreign jurisdiction.

4.9.Relation to other Security Documents.
Concurrently herewith the Company is also executing and delivering to the Secured Party a stock or equity pledge agreements pursuant to
which the Company is pledging to the Secured Party all of the shares of capital stock and other equity interests of the Company's Subsidiaries.
Such pledge(s) of capital stock and other equity interests shall be governed by the terms of the applicable pledge agreements and not
by the terms of this Agreement.

5.Representations and Warranties Concerning
the Company's Legal Status. The Company has, on
the date hereof, delivered to the Secured Party a certificate signed by the Company and entitled "Perfection Certificate" (the
"Perfection Certificate"). The Company represents and warrants to the Secured Party as follows: (a) the Company's exact
legal name is that indicated on the Perfection Certificate and on the signature page hereof, (b) the Company is an organization of the
type, and is organized in the jurisdiction, set forth in the Perfection Certificate, (c) the Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth
the Company's organizational identification number or accurately states that the Company has none, (d) the Perfection Certificate accurately
sets forth the Company's place of business or, if more than one, its chief executive office, as well as the Company's mailing address,
if different, (e) all other information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to the Company is accurate and complete in
all material respects, and (f) there has been no change in any of such information since the date on which the Perfection Certificate
was signed by the Company.

6.Covenants Concerning Company's Legal Status.
The Company covenants with the Secured Party as follows: (a) without providing at least ten (10) days prior written notice to the Secured
Party (or such shorter period as may be agreed to in writing by the Secured Party), the Company will not change its name, its place of
business or, if more than one, chief executive office, or its mailing address or organizational identification number if it has one, (b)
if the Company does not have an organizational identification number and later obtains one, the Company will forthwith notify the Secured
Party of such organizational identification number, and (c) the Company will not change its type of organization, jurisdiction of organization
or other legal structure without the Secured Party's prior written consent.

7.Representations and Warranties Concerning
Collateral, Etc. The Company further represents
and warrants to the Secured Party as follows: (a) the Company is the owner of or has other rights in or power to transfer the Collateral
of the Company, free from any right or claim of any Person or any adverse lien, except for the security interest created by this Agreement
and the Permitted Liens, (b) none of the account debtors or other Persons obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental authority
covered by the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or like federal, state or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral, (c) the
Company holds no commercial tort claim except as indicated on the Company's Perfection Certificate, (d) all other information set forth
on the Company's Perfection Certificate pertaining to the Collateral is accurate and complete in all material respects, and (e) there
has been no change in any of such information since the date on which the Company's Perfection Certificate was signed by the Company.

8.Covenants Concerning Collateral, Etc.
The Company further covenants with the Secured Party as follows (but, to the extent applicable, subject in all cases to any applicable
Subordination Agreement): (a) other than inventory sold in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, the Collateral,
to the extent not delivered to the Secured Party pursuant to 4, will be kept at those locations listed on the Company's Perfection
Certificate and the Company will not remove the Collateral from such locations, without providing at least ten (10) Business Days prior
written notice to the Secured Party, (b) except for the security interest herein granted, the Company shall be the owner of or have other
rights in the Collateral free from any right or claim of any other Person or any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), and the Company shall
defend the same against all claims and demands of all Persons at any time claiming the same or any interests therein adverse to the Secured
Party, (c) other than in favor of the Secured Party or with respect to any Permitted Lien, the Company shall not pledge, mortgage or create,
or suffer to exist any right of any Person in or claim by any person to the Collateral, or any Lien in the Collateral in favor of any
Person, or become bound (as provided in Section 9-203(d) of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction
or otherwise) by a security agreement in favor of any Person as secured party, (d) the Company will permit the Secured Party, or its designee,
to inspect the Collateral at any reasonable time, wherever located, (e) the Company will pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments,
governmental charges and levies upon the Collateral or incurred in connection with the use or operation of the Collateral or incurred
in connection with this Agreement, and (f) the Company will not sell or otherwise dispose, or offer to sell or otherwise dispose, of the
Collateral, or any interest therein except for, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Company otherwise
complies with all the conditions (including, without limitation, repayment conditions) set forth in the Transaction Documents, Permitted
Dispositions (as such term is defined in the SPA), dispositions of obsolete or worn-out property, the granting of non-exclusive licenses
in the ordinary course of business, and the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.

9.Insurance.
The Company will maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers insurance with respect to its properties and business against
such casualties and contingencies as shall be in accordance with general practices of businesses engaged in similar activities in similar
geographic areas. Such insurance shall be in such minimum amounts that the Company will not be deemed a coinsurer under applicable insurance
laws, regulations and policies and otherwise shall be in such amounts, contain such terms, be in such forms and be for such periods as
may be reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party. In addition, all such insurance shall be payable to the Secured Party as loss payee.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will (i) keep all of its physical property insured with casualty or physical hazard insurance
on an all risks basis, with broad form flood and earthquake coverages and electronic data processing coverage, with a full
replacement cost endorsement and an agreed amount clause in an amount equal to 100 percent of the full replacement cost
of such property, (ii) maintain all such workers compensation or similar insurance as may be required by law and (iii) maintain,
in amounts and with deductibles equal to those generally maintained by businesses engaged in similar activities in similar geographic
areas, general public liability insurance against claims of bodily injury, death or property damage occurring, on, in or about the properties
of the Company; business interruption insurance; and product liability insurance. In addition, the proceeds of any casualty insurance
in respect of any casualty loss of any of the Collateral shall, subject to the rights, if any, of other parties with a prior interest
in the property covered thereby, (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, be disbursed to the Company for direct
application by the Company solely to the repair or replacement of the Companys property so damaged or destroyed and (ii) to the
extent the Company elects not to repair or replace the property so damaged or destroyed, or fails to repair or replace the property so
damaged or destroyed within 180 days of receipt of such proceeds, be held by the Secured Party as cash collateral for the Obligations.
To the extent the Secured Party is holding any such proceeds as cash collateral and the Company then elects to repair or replace the property
so damaged or destroyed, the Secured Party may, at its sole option, disburse from time to time all or any part of such proceeds so held
as cash collateral, upon such terms and conditions as the Secured Party may reasonably prescribe, for direct application by the Company
solely to the repair or replacement of the Companys property so damaged or destroyed, or, if an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Secured Party may apply all or any part of such proceeds to the Obligations. All policies of insurance shall provide
for at least thirty (30) days prior written cancellation notice to the Secured Party. In the event of failure by the Company to provide
and maintain insurance as herein provided, the Secured Party may, at its option, provide such insurance and charge the amount thereof
to the Company. The Company shall furnish the Secured Party with certificates of insurance and policies evidencing compliance with the
foregoing insurance provisions as may be reasonably requested in writing.

10.Collateral Protection Expenses; Preservation
of Collateral.

10.1.Expenses Incurred by Secured Party.
In the Secured Party's discretion, the Secured Party may discharge taxes and other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on any of
the Collateral, and pay any necessary filing fees or insurance premiums, in each case if the Company fails to do so. The Company agrees
to reimburse the Secured Party on demand for all expenditures so made. The Secured Party shall have no obligation to the Company to make
any such expenditures, nor shall the making thereof be construed as a waiver or cure of any Event of Default.

10.2.Secured Party's Obligations and Duties.
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement comprised
in the Collateral to be observed or performed by the Company thereunder. The Secured Party shall not have any obligation or liability
under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Secured Party of any payment
relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of the Company
under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Secured
Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present
or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned
to the Secured Party or to which the Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times. The Secured Party's sole duty with respect to
the custody, safe keeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession, under 9-207 of the Uniform Commercial Code
of the State or otherwise, shall be to deal with such Collateral in the same manner as the Secured Party deals with similar property for
its own account.

11.Securities and Deposits.
The Secured Party may at any time following and during the continuance of a payment default or an Event of Default, at its option,
transfer to itself or any nominee any securities constituting Collateral, receive any income thereon and hold such income as additional
Collateral or apply it to the Obligations. Whether or not any Obligations are due, the Secured Party may, following and during the continuance
of a payment default or an Event of Default demand, sue for, collect, or make any settlement or compromise which it deems desirable with
respect to the Collateral. Regardless of the adequacy of Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, any deposits or other sums
at any time credited by or due from the Secured Party to the Company may at any time be applied to or set off against any of the Obligations
then due and owing.

12.Notification to Account Debtors and Other
Persons Obligated on Collateral. If an Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing (and, to the extent applicable, subject to the terms of any applicable Subordination Agreement):

(a) the
Company shall, at the request and option of the Secured Party, notify account debtors and other Persons obligated on any of the Collateral
of the security interest of the Secured Party in any account, chattel paper, general intangible, instrument or other Collateral and that
payment thereof is to be made directly to the Secured Party or to any financial institution designated by the Secured Party as the Secured
Party's agent therefor;

(b) 
the Secured Party may itself, without notice to or demand upon the Company, so notify account debtors and other Persons obligated on Collateral;

(c) 
after the making of such a request or the giving of any such notification, the Company shall hold any proceeds of collection of accounts,
chattel paper, general intangibles, instruments and other Collateral received by the Company as trustee for the Secured Party, for the
benefit of the Secured Party, without commingling the same with other funds of the Company and shall turn the same over to the Secured
Party in the identical form received, together with any necessary endorsements or assignments; and

(d) the
Secured Party shall apply the proceeds of collection of accounts, chattel paper, general intangibles, instruments and other Collateral
and received by the Secured Party to the payment of the Obligations, such proceeds to be immediately credited after final payment in cash
or other immediately available funds of the items giving rise to them.

13.Power of Attorney.

13.1.Appointment and Powers of Secured Party.
The Company hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Secured Party and any officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution,
as its true and lawful attorneys-in-fact with full irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of the Company or in the Secured
Party's own name, for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Agreement, to take any and all appropriate action and to execute any
and all documents and instruments that may be necessary or useful to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, hereby gives said attorneys the power and right, on behalf of the Company, without notice to or assent by
the Company, to do the following:

(a)upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, generally to sell, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect to or otherwise dispose of or deal with any of the Collateral
in such manner as is consistent with the Uniform Commercial Code of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction and as fully and completely
as though the Secured Party were the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and to do, at the Company's expense, at any time, or from
time to time, all acts and things which the Secured Party deems necessary or useful to protect, preserve or realize upon the Collateral
and the Secured Party's security interest therein, in order to effect the intent of this Agreement, all no less fully and effectively
as the Company might do, including (i) upon written notice to the Company, the exercise of voting rights with respect to voting securities,
which rights may be exercised, if the Secured Party so elects, with a view to causing the liquidation of assets of the issuer of any such
securities and (ii) the execution, delivery and recording, in connection with any sale or other disposition of any Collateral, of the
endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to such Collateral; and

(b)to the extent that the Company's authorization given in
3 is not sufficient, to file such financing statements with respect hereto, with or without the Company's signature, or a photocopy
of this Agreement in substitution for a financing statement, as the Secured Party may deem appropriate and to execute in the Company's
name such financing statements and amendments thereto and continuation statements which may require the Company's signature.

13.2.Ratification by Company.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby ratifies all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
This power of attorney is a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable.

13.3.No Duty on Secured Party.
The powers conferred on the Secured Party hereunder are solely to protect the interests of the Secured Party in the Collateral and shall
not impose any duty upon the Secured Party to exercise any such powers. The Secured Party shall be accountable only for the amounts that
it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents
shall be responsible to the Company for any act or failure to act, except for the Secured Party's own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

14.Rights and Remedies.
If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party, without any other notice to or demand upon the Company
(but, to the extent applicable, subject to the terms of any applicable Subordination Agreement), shall have in any jurisdiction in which
enforcement hereof is sought, in addition to all other rights and remedies, the rights and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform
Commercial Code of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction and any additional rights and remedies as may be provided to a secured
party in any jurisdiction in which Collateral is located, including the right to take possession of the Collateral, and for that purpose
the Secured Party may, so far as the Company can give authority therefor, enter upon any premises on which the Collateral may be situated
and remove the same therefrom. The Secured Party may in its discretion require the Company to assemble all or any part of the Collateral
at such location or locations within the jurisdiction(s) of the Company's principal office(s) or at such other locations as the Secured
Party may reasonably designate. Unless the Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily
sold on a recognized market, the Secured Party shall give to the Company at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice of the time
and place of any public sale of Collateral or of the time after which any private sale or any other intended disposition is to be made.
The Company hereby acknowledges that ten (10) Business Days prior written notice of such sale or sales shall be reasonable notice. In
addition, the Company waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Secured
Party's rights and remedies hereunder, including its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral
and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

15.Standards for Exercising Rights and Remedies.
To the extent that applicable law imposes duties on the Secured Party to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for the Secured Party (a) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed
significant by the Secured Party to prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to fail to complete raw material or work in process
into finished goods or other finished products for disposition, (b) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to
be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection
or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of, (c) to fail to exercise collection remedies against account debtors or other
Persons obligated on Collateral or to fail to remove Liens on or any adverse claims against Collateral, (d) to exercise collection remedies
against account debtors and other Persons obligated on the Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection
specialists, (e) to advertise dispositions of the Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the
Collateral is of a specialized nature, (f) to contact other Persons, whether or not in the same business as the Company, for expressions
of interest in acquiring all or any portion of the Collateral, (g) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition
of the Collateral, whether or not the collateral is of a specialized nature, (h) to dispose of the Collateral by utilizing Internet sites
that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or
that match buyers and sellers of assets, (i) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (j) to disclaim disposition
warranties, (k) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure the Secured Party against risks of loss, collection or disposition
of the Collateral or to provide to the Secured Party a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of such Collateral, or (l)
to the extent deemed appropriate by the Secured Party, to obtain the services of brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals
to assist the Secured Party in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. The Company acknowledges that the purpose of this
15 is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by the Secured Party would fulfill the Secured Party's
duties under the Uniform Commercial Code of the State or any other relevant jurisdiction in the Secured Party's exercise of remedies against
the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by the Secured Party shall not be deemed to fail to fulfill such duties solely on account
of not being indicated in this 15. Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing contained in this 15 shall be construed
to grant any rights to the Company or to impose any duties on the Secured Party that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement
or by applicable law in the absence of this 15. 

16.No Waiver by Secured Party, etc.
The Secured Party shall not be deemed to have waived any of its rights and remedies in respect of the Obligations or the Collateral unless
such waiver shall be in writing and signed by the Secured Party. No delay or omission on the part of the Secured Party in exercising any
right or remedy shall operate as a waiver of such right or remedy or any other right or remedy. A waiver on any one occasion shall not
be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right or remedy on any future occasion. All rights and remedies of the Secured Party with respect
to the Obligations or the Collateral, whether evidenced hereby or by any other instrument or papers, shall be cumulative and may be exercised
singularly, alternatively, successively or concurrently at such time or at such times as the Secured Party deems expedient.

17.Suretyship Waivers by Company.
The Company waives, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, demand, notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement,
notice of loans made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered or other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands
and notices of any description. With respect to both the Obligations and the Collateral, the Company assents to any extension or postponement
of the time of payment or any other indulgence, to any substitution, exchange or release of or failure to perfect any security interest
in any such Collateral, to the addition or release of any party or Person primarily or secondarily liable, to the acceptance of partial
payment thereon and the settlement, compromising or adjusting of any thereof, all in such manner and at such time or times as the Secured
Party may deem advisable. The Secured Party shall have no duty as to the collection or protection of the Collateral or any income therefrom,
the preservation of rights against prior parties, or the preservation of any rights pertaining thereto beyond the safe custody thereof
as set forth in 10.2. The Company further waives any and all other suretyship defenses.

18.Marshaling.
The Secured Party shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including but not limited to the Collateral)
for, or other assurances of payment of, the Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or other assurances of
payment in any particular order, and all of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party hereunder and of the Secured Party in respect
of such collateral security and other assurances of payment shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies, however
existing or arising. To the extent that it lawfully may, the Company hereby agrees that it will not invoke any law relating to the marshaling
of collateral which might cause delay in or impede the enforcement of the Secured Party's rights and remedies under this Agreement or
under any other instrument creating or evidencing any of the Obligations or under which any of the Obligations is outstanding or by which
any of the Obligations is secured or payment thereof is otherwise assured, and, to the extent that it lawfully may, the Company hereby
irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws.

19.Proceeds of Dispositions; Expenses.
The Company shall pay to the Secured Party upon written demand amounts equal to any and all expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys'
fees and disbursements, incurred or paid by the Secured Party in protecting or preserving the Secured Party's rights and remedies under
or in respect of any of the Obligations or any of the Collateral and any such expenses actually incurred in releasing any security interest
granted hereunder and, in addition, the Company shall pay to the Secured Party on demand amounts equal to any and all expenses, including
attorneys' fees and disbursements, incurred or paid by the Secured Party in enforcing the Secured Party's rights and remedies under or
in respect of any of the Obligations or any of the Collateral. After deducting all of said expenses, the residue of any proceeds of collection
or sale or other disposition of Collateral shall, to the extent actually received in cash, be applied to the payment of the Obligations
in such order or preference as is provided in the SPA, proper allowance and provision being made for any Obligations not then due. Upon
the final payment and satisfaction in full of all of the Obligations and after making any payments required by Sections 9-608(a)(1)(C)
or 9-615(a)(3) of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State, any excess shall be returned to the Company. In the absence of final payment
and satisfaction in full of all of the Obligations, the Company shall remain liable for any deficiency.

20.Overdue Amounts.
Until paid, all amounts due and payable by the Company hereunder shall be a debt secured by the Collateral and shall bear, whether before
or after judgment, interest at the rate of interest for overdue principal set forth in the Transaction Documents.

21.Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction.
This Agreement IS A contract UNDER the laws of the state of DELAWARE and shall for all purposes
be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of SAID state of DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS
OR CHOICE OF LAWS. THE Company and THE SECURED PARTY EACH agree that any suit for the enforcement of this agreement or any other action
brought by SUCH PERSON arising hereunder or in any way related to this agreement SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL
COURTS LOCATED IN NEW CASTLE COUNTY, DELAWARE, AND EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE SECURED PARTY irrevocably
submit to the jurisdiction of such courts, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive, and hereby waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES IT
MAY BE SERVED WITH LEGAL PROCESS IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE AT the ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 11.5 OF THE SPA.

22.Waiver of Jury Trial.
THE COMPANY AND THE SECURED PARTY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF ANY DISPUTE IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THE PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY SUCH RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS. Except as
prohibited by law, the Company waives any right which it may have to claim or recover in any litigation referred to in the preceding sentence
any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages or any damages other than, or in addition to, actual damages. The Company (a)
certifies that neither the Secured Party nor any representative, agent or attorney of the Secured Party has represented, expressly or
otherwise, that the Secured Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waivers or other waivers contained
in this Agreement and (b) acknowledges that, in entering into this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Secured Party
is a party, the Secured Party is relying upon, among other things, the waivers and certifications contained in this 22.

23.Notices.
All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be made in the manner set forth in the SPA.

24.Miscellaneous.
The headings of each section of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not define or limit the provisions thereof. This Agreement
and all rights and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit
of the Secured Party and its successors and assigns. If any term of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the validity of all other terms hereof shall in no way be affected thereby, and this Agreement shall be construed and be enforceable as
if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term had not been included herein. The Company acknowledges receipt of a copy of this Agreement.
The parties agree to electronic contracting and signatures with respect to this Agreement. Delivery of an electronic signature to, or
a signed copy of, this Agreement by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission shall be fully binding on the parties to the same
extent as the delivery of the signed originals and shall be admissible into evidence for all purposes. The words "execution",
"execute", "signed", "signature", and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in
connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of
which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the Delaware Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Secured Party shall request manually signed counterpart signatures to this Agreement,
the Company hereby agrees to use its reasonable endeavors to provide such manually signed signature pages as soon as reasonably practicable.

25.Release of Collateral; Reinstatement.
(a) The Secured Party agrees that upon the indefeasible repayment in full, in cash, of all Obligations owing under the Transaction
Documents (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claims have been made) and the termination of any commitments
pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, the security interests granted hereby shall, subject to the Secured Party's rights
of reinstatement set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, automatically terminate, all rights to the Collateral shall revert
to the Company without further action from any Person and the Secured Party agrees that, at the request and sole expense of the Company,
it shall promptly execute and deliver to the Company all releases or other documents reasonably necessary for the release of the Liens
on the Collateral (including returning any possessory collateral being held by the Secured Party).

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company acknowledges and agrees its obligations and liabilities under the Transaction Documents
(and all security interests and other Liens granted hereunder) shall be deemed to have continued in existence and shall be reinstated
with full force and effect if, at any time on or after the payment of any Obligations under the Transaction Documents, all or any portion
of the Obligations or any other amounts applied by the Secured Party to any of the Obligations is voided or rescinded or must otherwise
be returned by the Secured Party to the Company or any Subsidiary upon the Company's or any Subsidiarys insolvency, bankruptcy
or reorganization or otherwise.

[Signature pages to follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
intending to be legally bound, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.

By:____________________________________ 

Name:

Title:

Accepted:

LIND GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT XI LLC

By: ____________________________ 

Name: Jeff Easton

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8kexh99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Red Cat Raises Up to $20 Million in Debt Financing

Applies for $58 Million with the Department of Defense Office of Strategic
Capital

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico, February 12, 2025 Red Cat Holdings,
Inc. (Nasdaq: RCAT) (Red Cat), a drone technology company integrating robotic hardware and software for military,
government, and commercial operations, today announced it has entered into an agreement for up to $20 million and closed on the initial
tranche of $16.5 Million in debt financing with The Lind Partners, a New York based institutional fund manager (Lind). Details
of the agreement include:

Debt Financing convertible at $16.15 share price

Initial Tranche proceeds of $15 million 

1 million warrants exercisable at
$15.00 per share non cashless

Additionally, Red Cat has applied for
$58 million in debt financing from the Department of Defense Office of Strategic Capital (OSC). OSC
implements strategies and partnerships to accelerate and scale private investment in critical supply chain technologies needed for national
security. They have identified 14 critical technology areas vital to maintaining the United States national security. These have
been grouped into three categories as found in the 2023 National Defense Science and Technology Strategy.

Seed Areas of Emerging Opportunity

Effective Adoption Areas

Defense-Specific Areas

The investment is expected to provide Red Cat with the working capital needed to scale
up production and the ongoing development of its Arachnid Family of Systems, which includes Black Widow, Edge 130, and a new line
of FANG First-Person View (FPV) drones. The goal of the Family of Systems is to meet the needs of the U.S. Department of Defense
and NATO Allies for drone systems that are low-cost, portable, field repairable, and recoverable.

The recent
financing will allow us to expedite and expand the Edge 130 factory and build-out and ramp up mass production of the Black Widow,
said Jeff Thompson. Red Cat CEO. As a company focused on technology that advances the Department of Defense capabilities, we are
a strong candidate for the Office of Strategic Capital's low-cost debt program. The potential total financing of $93 million is the least
dilutive option for our shareholders.

About Red Cat, Inc. 

Red Cat (Nasdaq: RCAT) is a drone technology company integrating robotic
hardware and software for military, government, and commercial operations. Through two wholly owned subsidiaries, Teal Drones and FlightWave
Aerospace, Red Cat has developed a Family of Systems. This includes the Black Widow, a small unmanned ISR system that was awarded
the U.S. Armys Short Range Reconnaissance (SRR) Program of Record contract. The Family of Systems also includes TRICHON,
a fixed wing VTOL for extended endurance and range, and FANG, the industry's first line of NDAA compliant FPV drones optimized
for military operations with precision strike capabilities. Learn more at www.redcat.red.

About The Lind Partners

The Lind Partners manages institutional funds that are leaders in providing
growth capital to small- and mid-cap companies publicly traded in the US, Canada, Australia and the UK. Lind's funds make direct investments
ranging from US$1 to US$30 million, invest in syndicated equity offerings and selectively buy on market. Having completed more than 150
direct investments totaling over US$1.5 Billion in transaction value, Lind's funds have been flexible and supportive capital partners
to investee companies since 2011.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains "forward-looking statements"
that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained in this press
release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words
such as "anticipate," "believe," "contemplate," "could," "estimate," "expect,"
"intend," "seek," "may," "might," "plan," "potential," "predict,"
"project," "target," "aim," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of
these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements
are based on Red Cat Holdings, Inc.'s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and assumptions that are difficult
to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate.
These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in the section titled "Risk Factors" in the final prospectus
related to the public offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and Red Cat Holdings, Inc. undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable
law. 

Contacts:

INVESTORS:

E-mail: Investors@redcat.red

NEWS MEDIA:

Indicate Media

Phone: (347) 880-2895

Email: peter@indicatemedia.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rcat-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rcat-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rcat-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40202

Entity Registrant Name Red
Cat Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000748268

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0490034

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 15
Ave. Munoz Rivera

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste
2200

Entity Address, City or Town San
Juan

Entity Address, Country PR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 00901

City Area Code 833

Local Phone Number 373-3228

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock

Trading Symbol RCAT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://RCAT/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rcat-20250210.xsd 
rcat-20250210_lab.xml 
rcat-20250210_pre.xml 
rcat0211form8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001554795-25-000037-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>rcat0211form8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000748268 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0000748268 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
Red Cat Holdings, Inc. 
NV 
001-40202 
88-0490034 
15 Ave. Munoz Rivera 
Ste 2200 
San Juan 
PR 
00901 
833 
373-3228 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock 
RCAT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>